Some love exists outside of time.
Strangers , friends, lovers Then strangers again.
Sleepless household. Devastating attacks. Kittycat paws.
I am not who I was.
I grow softer. They remain cruel.
Gross displays of narcissism impressed them.
Breadcrumbs are just crushed up croutons.
He badly wanted a time machine
Horny, high, hangry, hollow, and hopeless.
Can you feel my distress today?
Silly phone. Keeps playing U2 unwarranted.
Posting sometimes just to ruffle feathers.
Its not you. It is Limerence.
I love you, Go to Hell.
A friendship lost, she grieves solo.
Torrential tears bend the books binding.
God speaks through the tarot cards.
God speaks through the tarot cards.
Sit on my lap, boy. - Pope
Party shields traffickers, "It's a business!"
Wasting away on this shelf forever
Getting older. Less ahead than behind.
Getting older. Less ahead than behind.
Continued ambiguity left him feeling unsettled.
Junior you dare! Eat my blade!!!
Will anyone say Sweet Dreams tonight?
The ghost was a scaredy cat
Time alone became easier each day
Mom bought donuts I didn't eat
I have known for two years.
The silent scream is the loudest.
Shooting stars underneath the universes eyes
Seems Grandma regrouted her old bathhouse.
Widows : he had a collection starting.
Missing the laughing and banter tonight. 
It's not worth to love me.
Just love to make you smile.
Tonight is the night.. Isn't it?
I wish he would just speak 
Some days it's just too much
Here it comes.. Karma never forgets.
I do not believe in cryptocurrency.
The primogems taste just like candy
It's my turn to protect you
Exile can be peace sometimes eventually.
To block or not to block ?
Acquitted pedophile robot assassinated outside courthouse.
The Klondike attracted many gold diggers
I'm getting lost in these spiderwebs.
Reddit karma , totally incriminating and pointless.
Wanna ditch a bitch in snap?
I forgive you . Now get lost!!!!
"Incarcerate anyone who disagrees." "I'm listening."
'Look like a movie star. Babe'
So I buried the bloody knife
Been so long, I miss you.
Tears fall down my face slowly
Could've been like Bonnie and Clyde.
Kipper stood over Tiger's sleeping form
Im strong, but hes my weakness.
The Big Comfy Couch ate me
Mask, on. Full metal jacket, off.
She tries , He lies , she cries.
Honesty- was a challenge to him.
Shes wearing Big Lebowski tube socks.
Shallow? No, deeper than we thought.
Shes wearing Big Lebowski tube socks.
Hoping shes there, you worry me.
Zoboomafoo leered at the Kratt brothers
Out of pressure comes a diamond.
Alone? Nope. My voices are here.
He was diving deeper into abyss
Workplace wasn't a fit, not toxic.
Succubus? I'm safe. She's a lesbian?!
The American way of love encroached.
The journey was lonely, but necessary.
He should have closed the gap
The pain in his heart, deep
The distance between them was wide
She even looked like a rat.
The message was between the lines
No, really. She said to him.
He was calculated; She was impulsive.
Must stop thinking about you naked.
Memories faded as words were erased.
Too far ahead to be relevant.
Bennett's Adventure Team never did assemble
"Have some mint tea", she said
The first time I saw you 
What really goes through women's minds?
Desperately trying to do things right.
Has this thing ended? Not hardly.
The Foon Vs. Spork War began
Forgive me for my self sabotage
Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry
I imagine you amid the breeze.
No, wait! I should have said.
"DID MY OWN RESEARCH!" *cough-cough*
She awoke skin starved for him.
The snooze button is worn out
She feels his proximity then rests.
Still feeling the tug on heart.
Harry Potter died scared and alone.
Harry Potter died alone in pan..
This is still a fucking nightmare
The Corset remains. Its size changes.
Allergens: may contain undertones of love
But her desires have now changed.
What Id do for hay rolling
You have ended. I still thrive.
And it was only a Tuesday
Under armor, umbrella in tropical paradise
Find something to feed the beast!
Bitten by spiders, still no powers
You outsmarted Pervis. We get it.
F U C K M E
They really do anal probe you!
The dead octopus was still wriggling
I couldnt delete our photos together.
If youth knew, if age could.
What happened to my life? Really?
The Dragon awakened. Time runs short.
Just Alone. In the Beast's belly.
Just a rhyme. Out of time.
I am certain youre my person.
Finally the awaited day has arrived!!
She was upset, by me sadly
Legacy - priceless and worth preserving.
There is something to be learned.
If only I could stop feeling.
You'll never find your truth, pretending.
He never gave her the chance.
He loved her, she'd never know.
I woke up, I chose drip
This feels all wrong, truly
Life will always break your heart.
Shaka, when the walls fell. Darmok.
The ground rushes closer 3 2
I left you a little surprise
Alone in the kitchen. "Happy Birthday!"
Her painting, joy made tangible, timeless.
Ex-wife, ex-husband are fine. Fingerprints everywhere.
And here we go again, Monday.
Skips a generation was not joking.
She writes in hopes he finds.
Do you come here for me ?
The spell is broken. Blinders removed.
Pump ejaculate withdraw rinse and repeat.
She soared higher, free, unhindered, relieved.
Kissing You Would Give Me Butterflies 
Just turned fourty-five, still haven't learned.
Made eyes at receptionist. Free espresso.
Became a fool in your game.
He simply couldnt understand her motivation.
I'm sorry about all the questions.
Driving getting lost in the music.
The song that never wrote itself
Back to eggs and whole milk
It wasnt intended for a hostel
cowboy boots tucked under my bed
Said capitalism repeatedly. Wasnt that ingelligent.
r/UnsentLetters appeared, is it a raid?
time to live, time to die
Cold December completed the divorce papers
Conflict - was more familiar than love.
Did you ever find that thing?
I'm tired of being the adult.
Once [you fill in the rest]
The prettiest girl I met. Gone.
Pinecones litter the forests of Mondstadt
It turns out friends are overrated
Belatedly he realised the painful truth
What a waste he said daily
What's the worth of dollars unowned?
When will I meet my god?
We spent the day in bed
Love me enough to hurt me???!?!?
If you don't want me... stop.
He wished she would call him
You make me feel fucking worthless
I actually think I hate you.
"Limerence" That's okay... Go fuck yourself.
I got it so wrong then
When it hurts, please exit left.
Growing tired of people playing games.
Bloody paw prints broke my heart
Open invitation has been formally closed.
I hope you feel this pain.
People are disgusting pieces of shit
Animals show more kindness than you.
My heart- is now your trophy.
Church and state, separation is Easy.
Tenacity, my superpower, youve been warned.
suppose everything I've felt's been lies?
In my mind, I'm already there.
My stories are better with melody.
Dancing clowns pirouette with waffle irons
Stupid is falling for a neighbor.
Honor : whats that ? asks the player.
No friends: only previous victims today.
Victim card - excuse to do whatever.
Large occupied webs blocked every exit.
Mission Accomplished- you turn me off.
Wanted: Friends that dont worship Weezer.
Lost someone I never had. Gutted.
Now I miss her every day
We awoke side by side, indifferent.
I'm slightly lost without my friends
Bundys Beetle: 50 million going once..
I should have hugged you Cristina
Psychic? Just funky coincidences, forecasting foreclosures.
"I think, therefore I am." "Lie."
Hoarse goodbye to a tiny casket.
They got used to being alone.
Go now, manifest a cheery day
Frantic trumpeting; orchestral manoeuvres, or war?
A hatred for going to bed
This specimen attached memories to music
Creeping madness asked for some alcohol
Maybe a hug would help out
Wanted : Reddit boyfriend must include Limerence.
Please excuse my dear Aunt Sally
Will my birthday gift be you?
Longing for you, awaiting your return.
I STILL dont take it back
Please know.I genuinely loved you.
Taunt heard ...bullet chambered ..lifetime regret
Live, laugh, loveperish, suffer, destroy
Most r/sixwordstories dont have three parts.
ALERT: Nursing home needs more caskets
She likes hockey. Well, hockey players.
When human became empty and fallen...
Love killed their heart and soul.
And then she muttered, goodbye, forever 
Im ready to leave everything behind.
The shows over. Take a bow.
Ivermectin has human and horse versions o_o
She was abrasive to his abuse.
Not your intelligent - dumb Hole anymore.
Check please! Doggy bag the Tiramisu?
I really hate you. Kiss me.
Here's how I know I exist
I look better than the pictures.
Cannibal cook ruins dinner. Bye Mother-in-law.
"Robotic sniper dogs. ... They still dance?"
Spewing love, spraying joy, blinding light
And you visualized it, so grand
Your love card has officially expired.
Take me back to the start..
Mirror: youll make an excellent corpse
 Can you feel the limerence tonight 
His excuse rotation . Starting feeling recycled.
Then POTUS said: "Let's Go Brandon!"
One flare left. Now we wait.
He sat on his pet capybara
Dunno the way, but Im going.
All I want is you still
Your fingers  my second favorite toy.
I still dont take it back
Am I lost in my delusion?
Darkness is predictable and boring, blah
Our story lasts only a moment.
Hot morning tea to encourage alertness
Perfect post coffee throne aftermath morning.
Attempt at changing doesn't go unnoticed.
Im alone, lost in the dark.
The darkness is winning right now
Things are great, should be happier.
Then one day, we just stopped.
Nice to be here with you..
Fell asleep on my keyboard. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Summed in six words. Meaning lost.
Seize the day! Every single second!
I heard nobody's minofinocrispibodies actually inverticumasutrasculated.
The child magician casts acceleration spells
Dying is why I'm not dyeing.

...I never truly learn, do I?
Trapped inside a tiny, tiny box.
I....seep...into.....the............toilet..........paper.
I seep into the toilet paper.
In the silence, came an explosion!!!
Before the accidentI was blind.
It was just another lonely day.
Oopa gangnam style, good old days
Tell me. Im strong enough now.
Losers taunt after defeat, illusions cease.
You can sleep when I'm done.
They laughed. They celebrated. They hung.
"Eleven!?" "Yes." "That just can't be!"
Think that I'm "her" ? Say hi......
More Pedestrians hit, Facebook comments unsympathetic
There she lays, a sedated lump
Had an abortion. Now, a hysterectomy.
My indolence leads me to Reddit....
Pandemic's biggest losers: shoes, pants, underwear.
Everyone survived the fire but me.
Social media spreads lies. Religion, lol.
Just dont cut the red  SNIP!
Lorenna ! Where is my fucking PENIS?
Might or fright? Fight or flight?
She brought juice to the potluck.
A dead rat blocked my toilet.
Overwhelming guilt consumed her fragile soul.
Too afraid of dying to LIVE.
Fighting sleep, subtracting years, living life
Call me anytime; share some absurdities
Not broken, but whole. Be whole.
Existence faded to nothingness, approaching nirvana
smile keeps fading, until next time
Life was easier when we talked.
Stupid with entropy, Earth stopped spinning.
Curiously, the anxiety never does stop.
Thirsty? Drink up, stay hydrated. Or..
Once had a love, shes gone
No pub friends made that lunchtime.
Another week going at it alone
1984 was just an instruction manual.
"Evanesco!" Thunderous applause. The curtain dropped.
He is going to escalate soon...
My kitchen Anyway you want it.
This  words fail to properly describe.
General adversarial networks are threatening humanity.
General adversarial networks could end humanity.
Jesus pulled his glock.."kneel motherfucker "
I wish humans would understnad me 
It hurt; forever in a moment.
Heart's on fire today. As always.
God, Time For A New Religion
Yes! Saw! Set Florida adrift! BZZZZZZZ...
The flesh...still warm...still fresh.
He was terrified of the knock.
The milk tea sat there, steaming
Door left ajar, nothing worth taking.
Guess my god is still watching...
She tied his shoe for him.
The leaves rustled in the breeze.
Table scraps? I want it all!
I'm fantastically good with to-do lists.
Left you breadcrumbs, but they rotted.
You wanted directions? Im so sorry!
Do Permabans Even Exist, He Giggled
Henderson's testicles are beyond pendulous, Constable.
Remember -- their half-ten is our half-two.
Astrology Abuse?! Ill show you Stars!
Who *doesn't* need more pink salt?
Her eyes. One look. Hed see.
If Juliets despicable, why bother, Romeo?
Why bother Romeo, since Juliets despicable?
Hotel: "The Stars". Sleep safely, forever.
"No passers-by allowed. Only true fighters."
I crashed. I'm filled with grief.
Sent messages; Couriered by the wind.
What did he die for? Nothing.
Bye. Sorry. I regret telling you.
I've since watched some. Hated it.
The body was cold and lifeless.
Everyone's journal, but nothing written inside.
often he pondered, unable to stop.
Some things best unsaid, others not
I am not joking. It's time.
"Definitely not a wombat", she proclaimed
Your smell, still on my clothes...
CCC Universe: Here we go again.
im dead to them, the end.
Oven door opens. Therapy begins.
Todays Special confidence reducing sexual favors.
Regret lives where love once did.
Love. He doesnt know how to.
She trusted and he broke her.
Paralysed by fear, she stood waiting.
Dont need love, just your company.
Rehoming: Hellhound - loves snuggles, no kids.
Escape sleep paralysis, wake up dreaming
NICA spy arrested by FBI agents.
Birds of a Feather Flock together
Remember our little games of chess?
Why do I embrace tainted love?
Please dont let me suffocate us
Fluff my karma and you too.
When calling , always leave a naughty ..
Skin starved , frantic , uninhibited -intoxicating memories.
Skin starved , frantic, intoxicating memories.
Reddit people dont like typo corrections.
Bless this mess and then clean.
Only requirement is real authenticity YOU.
She said, Lets fuck. We did.
Your Ego, Is not your amigo.
Hope to dream of you again.
Shes not your average gunslinger, sunshine.
Life curiosity fun love wisdom death
Emily walked in. Her jaw dropped.
A day late , a dollar short .
Haven't cried in a while... weird.
The room, still spinning, went black.
Snow White burns the wicked reflection
He interrupted, I just stood silent.
Smiling, he couldn't imagine another world.
Lovely funeral. Lost virginity at last.
Soul Phrase: Time well spent. Priceless.
Love became limerence when not reciprocated.
She liked his jokes. He knew.
Dragonbone blade pierced through evil hearts
Congratulations winner! I feel fucking small.
"Oh that chick stocking? She new"
If he loved her, shed know.
She wiped her cheek. She knew.
You order pizzas. I order Shaqnistas.
Grhul wake up early for battles
Creationist buys new tits. Thanks, God.
Creationist buys new tits. Thanks God.
Difficult being loquacious with six words
I know....so you abandon ship?
Ogres are like onions. Tasty, grilled.
HOW was my sleep affected...........? Negatively.............?
Chickity-China, the Chinese chicken. You-
It's engraved, the stone and me
A wet shoulder, not by rain
Wuhan. Batman hunts and kills bats.
Perspiring, he prayed. Bathroom located. Relieved.
She shouldve left. Instead, she came.
Sandwich meat from six feet deep.
Seven dined, five fought, one left.
Sometimes it's harder to write less.
"I love... " "Ewww... " "You complete me!!! "
Never have I felt so misunderstood.
You slept with your friend's wife.
It will only hurt more tomorrow.
The tiger woman was well endowed
Emo dolphins cut themselves on porpoise
Rows of chickens, a poultry sacrifice
Watching crime documentaries, rooting for criminals
Please do not feed the Limerence.
Masked gunslinger draws his piece. BANG!
Pain follows him like oppressive darkness.
I still miss and love you.
The depths of the ocean. Unknown
Do I still cross your mind?
Why is being saved so terrifying?
Crushes pull heart strings, play carefully
Please meet me one last time
Morax was the original geo dude
Mom. Won't you please come home?
For sale. Baby shoes. Never worn.
He now sleeps with the fishes
He plunges deep into her. Orgasmic.
Why Self-Consciousness became a bad word.
The last human fell asleep, apprehensive.
Please, kill me! No. Why? Futile.
Child executioner whispered, the greater good.
Resolve to change. Fail miserably. Repeat.
"Houston, we have a problem." "Nope."
Red Riding Hood killed an alpha
Halloween murders starting earlier and earlier.
IUPAC names new element after Mao
I will find my way back
She reached out... I ignored her.
Love? Hate? Indifference? Ill never know.
Love? Hate? Indifference? Ill never know.
The tightening cuffs turned her on.
Pleasant sleepiness, thoughts and emotions sync.
Dont cry, Houston. Thanks for trying.
Humans: Extinct. Retestingextinct. Retestingendangered.
Tear soaked hair indicates some feelings
Death comes daily with a snore.
Immortality now possible. Humans remaining: zero.
Best lie ever told: Love you.
I never asked you for help
You have to follow the rules. Okay
You have to follow the rules. Okay
You have to follow the rules. ..Okay
First human Mars settlement: oxygen gone.
Love can build empires/destroy constructs.
Guilt waves over you. Doubt remains.
The cat stares at you blankly.
Come find me. Ill be there.
Ill see you on the moon.
They continued dancing as she suffocated
The truth is one ungrateful quest.
Not a dream. Really am naked!
Sweat it out Cinderella, youre beautiful
"LUNCH!" The bowl's contents, still moving.
No. No. No. No. No. Oh.
Hope is the lie hiding truth.
Something under the bed just sighed.
Where did that big spider go?
Looking for me ? I'm lost, again....
They said COVID-18 inhabited my marbling?
Life sucks said the young man
Heart is paining, dentist to rescue.
Im sorry, please never forgive me.
Just needing anyone to talk to,
Its your time to chase me.
Shhhh he's outside, silence or death
A broken promise, an aching heart.
Night and day they both slumber
They whisper promises as I sleep
You will not hurt me again.
Miss You, Will we talk ever ?
I miss you, but you're gone.
The pain bodys come to life.
Warm familiar experience was thoroughly enjoyed
Remember, no facial expressions at all.
We all experience time and chance
"Coffee helps." His hands trembling, nervously.
The cow stood, chewing. Unaware. Unbothered.
Be quiet. Just light the fire.
This Just In: I don't care.
Keqing shot off in every direction
man hook hand hook car door
"Another debate club", he quietly muttered
Where did my best friend go ?
Why couldn't you let me pretend?
Death is only the beginning Master.
Life is for the living. Period.
What!? No, I said HUMANE sacrifices!
self sabotaging moron, a tale; me
My obvious hint not immediately rebuffed....
You tried, but she did not.
Are you going to hurt me?
I got another surprise raise today!
Excited! Long weekend. Every song magic!
Second rolodex is my shit list.
My reflection says youre not real
Snooze. BRRRRNG! Snooze. BRRRRNG! Oh sh"
Mother darling, wheres daddy? Dinners ready!
Stick that Power Up your ass!
You want money, not my friendship.
I dont condone rape, dick heads
Pleasure and pain; for personal gain.
The silence always hurts the most.
And just like that, theyre gone.
Forgive me, its Mac sauce talking.
You were a microwave baby. - Mom.
Obese unicorns rolled through the meadow
"That corndog winked!", she shrieked loudly
Whys this hotdog so bumpy bruh
Please meet me in the middle.
"CRUNCH!", the snail emitted when stomped
Everyone's you, yet no one's you.
My heart , a gift you rejected .
Didnt have to end like this.
I'm unstoppable! said the giant wasp.
My dog died. Kidding. Don't have.
I saw you at the store.
What is nothing? It lasts forever.
There was nothing to worry about
Happy you're back in the saddle.
I wish I was Sleeping Beauty. 
Just lost in this unfamiliar place.
The diagnosis was cares too much
Their advice was to do nothing
I can't cry anymore, became numb.
The mirror doesn't lie, they say...
Coffin bells rang in Victorian cemeteries
Who is she now he wondered
Why does my heart still hurt?! 
Todays minutia steals us from tomorrow.
Frown, brown-gowned clown, downtown bound.
Can two become one? "I do."
He felt the blade piercing deeper.
Decided to leave, began to live
This my wife and my sister.
I was blue. He was red.
They aren't politicians, they are felons.
Humpty Dumpty was murdered then eaten
I do Voodoo; you do Voodoo.
She scoffed, unimpressed by the gesture.
Few knew who grew blue kudzu.
Wax fruit, does not taste pleasant.
Black Quartz Sphinx, HEAR MY VOW.
I'm happier now that you're blocked.
The pain ebbed and he forgave.
Im not supposed to love you.
The starfish delivered some gentle suction
You don't exist to me anymore.
it'd be swell to see you. 
Something here is killing the children.
Im on a leash called you.
Home alone. Noise in the dark.
"Believe the science!" He laughed, quietly...
A casino of thoughts, a wheel
Lonely survivor trapped inside his head.
The hummingbirds fed on artificial nectar
Quietly crying all night over you.
I was so sure. Completely mistaken.
All these stories. Just transformed memories.
I was small. I became Infinite.
Emily sat quietly. Waiting. Hoping. Crying.
Me, a loose connection forming machine.
Five more minutes! Five more minutes!
He got excited seeing those slippers.
I think I made you up.
Meeting again for the first time
Winds howling. Lightning! Thunder! Then...silence.
Did you find the window scraper?
Now for some meat and potatoes.
We're in hell, let's invent heaven.
Money follows oil... out to sea.
Constant communication was unnecessary for them
I was one of your cigarettes.
I was one of your cigarettes
Generation ship rebellion by going childfree.
She grew tired of stroking ego's.
Dial up filled mouths spewed data
They nibbled on spicy pickled carrots
The puppy snuggled its toy lamb
Forced conversation is poor vibing fuel
Sprawled out, they lounged in catnip
This place just isn't fun anymore.
I tell all your jokes now.
Fuck you Numbchuk, go use Hulk......
Another ring, another breakup, another pawnshop
What will the next lesson be?
So many tomatoes. So few salads.
Are you serious? This is crazy.
Just passing by, man. No problem.
You, my addiction; thirty days clean.
One drop. One ocean. No less.
Not orientalism, just internalism. The truth.
So many, so few. Just right.
Call off your minions. I'm sorry.
The Tale of Jiraiya the Gallant
Life will begin when im dead.
Its a boy! hello hello medic!
I could not hear it coming.
Warm coffee for a cold soul
Odds are, you're not that special.
Wrong place, wrong time, fuck off
"I'm safe." I tell the panic.
Lighting struck the same spot repeatedly.
Left me to drown, now swimming :)
She mistakenly thinks silence punishes him.
We leave almost nothing until November.
The medium fits the attention span.
This is a late night awakening.
After canid snuggles, human fell asleep.
Hero to Zero just like that.
Dont tell me you love me
The ache you left is unrelenting.
Zhongli climbed the tree for eggs
Friendster. MySpace. Facebook. Find a Grave.
I did want fishy beer, actually.
Up in flames, down hill fast.
To simultaneously evacuate bowels and building.
Rising storms, A gravely beginning, Death.
No longer am I your anything.
Not my place, but Im here.
Do physicists dream of electron clouds.
He came out to his husband.
Please accept my apologies. I'm sorry.
Why all this theater? I know...
Six words is too many... nevermind
It's not fair but... I lost.
Flight attendant carried delta onto Delta
Flight attendant brought delta onto Delta
Three words, men: "Victory or Death"!
Apologies....I will be backing off.
At least her tears were done.
They worked and consumed content, etc.
He speaks in riddles, she, rhymes
Didnt know forever was so short.
Human rights, inevitably highlighted human wrongs.
I want to fight. I'm angry.
If real.... Apollo and Daphne = accurate.
You'll never get near me now.
"Go down all these stairs? Sure."
Words spill. Emotions free. Tears fall.
Joyful attraction with a dangerous undertone
lights dimmed, shows over, Im alone.
Fortunately, he never fixed the toaster.
I mourned long before you died.
Material possessions become meaningless, causing relief.
I am hiding in plain sight.
Stop choosing who isnt choosing you.
lifes easier when you dont care
Loads of clean laundry sat around
"That's all you got?" She scoffed.
Approaching footsteps. My daughter. Forgotten sound.
Thought about suicide, too much effort
He was hurt, but loved her
"Cyka, you've cheeki'd your last breeki"
He shared his smokes with bears
Unfortunately the squats were too deep
Life is not the same anymore.
Don't speak, I'm packing my things.
Don't care if I'm in trouble!
So many toys adorned weeping gravestones.
Tomorrow never knows, timely skip ahead
Hop on - well travel via nerves.
Of course well travel via nerves!
"Dem wanted to go down below".
Not long ago, in the Future.
Please, he begged, Paint for me.
Pressed it with a loaded gun
She found her own off switch
No. You cant test for this.
"I'll never be yours!" She screamed.
Go fuck your girlfriend or something.
I can't write with you watching.
He left I left we left.
I can't live when you can't.
Please just one more go! No.
Altruism and Selfishness aren't opposites anymore.
Enjoy the sunrise with beautiful people
It was about time, he thought.
He detected whisperings amid the rainfall.
Please. Please. Tell me something. Anything.
I want more than ten minutes.
Its a sickness we both share.
MLady, behold! Love! Flourish and exuent.
Think I'll take that divorce now.
Maybe not alive, but certainly undead.
Cinemas and mansions block the road.
He chose peace, therapy probably helped
The ex wifes online dating profile
Failure in my life remains successful
void jumping, WOOSH rapecurry valkyrie wraith
Not easy for me, will survive!
Never thought it will hurt me!
Affection. Erection. No protection. Foul play!
I love you. I like you.
I just want to be held.
He leaned into water and lights.
Serrated incisors tore through warm flesh
Happy birthday daddy! (Its a bussy).
Look for our messages in bottles
Your boy only needs some debugging.
I managed to catch a star.
Gnomes raved in a fluorescent ravine.
See you after this life ends!
Weird, this junk is all treasure.
I can't breathe in this coffin!
He looks like Dad. Kill him
The capybara pondered what to do
Could you please stop hunting me.
Cacophonous thoughts transcended like free jazz.
Doc, Grumpy, Happy, Sleepy, Sneezy, Dopey.
Holding onto something, yet holding nothing.
Time well spent makes sense elsewhere
Darlin, everything will be just fine.
Broken people, mutually harm one another.
To this, the ocean said No.
Definitely a wrong turn. Evening officer.
Was leaving. Broke heel. Cried, stayed.
I awoke inside a bee hive
Was I ever owed an explanation ?
My dog licked a dead otter
i have run out of luck
Came back to say Good Bye!
Bro, what the dog doing?
"Surveillance capitalism, bro!" ... Last seen: 12.47.
Follow the script, can you improvise?
She wanted more, he wanted less.
The harem got an accidential introduction
The harem got an accidential introduction
Pills do nothing, why should I?
Lacking a body made life complicated.
I'm normal, my ex is crazy.
Poisoned. Delay, deny, hope you die.
Pre-federation dictionaries for sale here.
Birthday wish machine offline until November
Find me under the same stars.
Stained crimson, the hamster attacked again
Freedom purchased. Titanic sets sail tomorrow.
Ring my bell, leave at door
Bite the apple, bite the dust
Pfft... I back myself into corners.
The mailman enjoys punditries on AM
A beautiful baby made me cry 
"Stand back; it's airborne! Don't breathe..."
We'll start with the cheese platter.
Misleading words incurred distrust and skepticism
Gum unwrapped, wrapper went into mouth
Eyes closed, he presses the button.
Its never lonely with low expectations
Resentment seeping in like a poison
I will get a job... Tomorrow
Sanity slips like grains of sand
Invisible, she hid like a ghost
"It's-a me! Ma-rio!" It was not.
Fireflies in an outer space, flickering
"Mom, Dad, I'm a sex worker."
Ten years of very weird internet...
The assault banana laid there, yellow
Wanna take a ride with me?
Pouring liqueur, he stood still. Forever.
She showed me her ex boyfriend
There are no saints, only survivors.
My heart ran away from me
Im only using humor to cope
Outrageous in general, a unknown soldier
I work hard for my pizza!
I can't count to six
I was born yesterday. Waaaah! Waaaaah!
I dont believe the sun exists
Returning a kidnapped kid for free
I only finish in my socks
dumb joke about bad airplane food
She donned her crown with much disdain
She dawned her crown with much disdain
Another Lockdown press conference coming up
Fellatio is my passion she whispered.
Turtling inside his shell, he hid
Retrograde, Gatorade, Powerade, Taste the rainbow
The boombox blared, the crabs scuttled
The pancake awaited its daily syrup
Keep writing for rich greedy advertisers
Whos hyped for No Way Home?
Id like to unfriend you now.
Will spend less time on here.
The daily disasters, early morning conflicts
Hes stalking you. Hide the dog.
May the God kill your soul.
Cold? No, she thought. Goddamn freezing.
And he never wanted to leave
waiting for death to come around
the frothy infamy welcomes me home.
A fight for life. Depression won.
Born Tuesday. Married Wednesday. Divorce final.
Sweet Dreams, Dont carry that weight
Tending towards redundancy necessitates intentional manifestation
This dog sleeps in tiny chairs
But I want it too much.
The story ends here, no exceptions.
Stars danced out of the sky.
Ticket warden sneaks son into cinema.
All tied up!. Cut the cord..
Me - product. You - cant buy me.
Need a vacation from my life.
Indifference lasted exactly two fucking days.
Tomorrow doesnt exist. Its forever today.
Four tall glasses of creamy milk.
Ahh jeez his head grew back.
Blast, then a thousand years silence.
At long last, I had you.
Fishes iridescent glint, in sunsets glow.
Pandoras box: What do you want?
I know I'll always love you
I must repeat my earlier request
I dreamed about terrifyingly vulnerable poetry.
I married an axe murderer, then...
A leaf falls. Loneliness returns home.
First car, Lamborghini. Second car, Sunfire.
Letting go to cling onto life
God of thunder needed a lesson
This, that, and the other. Spirituality.
Love is love, a different kind
Bonus points for best survival story.
Jesus! That is too much piss.
Soul gazing into eyes stealing energies
Humor is my drug of choice
And the salamander appeared in droves
Shes unfaithful. Again. Hell split. Again.
"I'll teach you what silence is."
Don't bake apples in here, Ronald.
Ghosts didn't exist... until she died.
10 buttons. 4 dials. No manual.
Esoteric handjob porn twice a week.
She loved him. It was forbidden.
Walk like an Egyptian, with love
The puppy was running a fever
January 2031 - Earths last recorded snowfall
She always used to smile back.
This life. THIS life. This LIFE.
I don't think we belong here.
Thirsty deserts lap up rain greedily
Never realized beggar was his son
Headlights! / "What the" / "Daddy?" / Shotgun: pumped.
I'm still not scared of you.
I will never kneel before you.
I texted, so I regret now.
Wanna play? Ok first we must..
Please get off my computer wizard!
Succulent meat tube looking for love.
Dusty construction vehicles yawned, maws open
Weather forecast: heavy neo-liberal post-Marxism rain
Time passes. Best to move on
I always keep my creeps close.
The mile markers flew on by
My work almost had a blackout!
I'm a tornado, not a hurricane.
I've been down this road before
Every human is another delicious meal.
You reached out. I won't reply.
She couldn't model; clothes added nothing.
Please hold still while I finish.
While I finish please hold still.
For appearances they were just friends.
Why do people suck so much?
Nostalgia is in my DNA makeup.
Hold on.. this isnt my blood!
Id rather be alone than lonely.
I jumped; I regret it now.
Happy for you. (Sad for myself).
Scars remind us that wounds heal.
Just two weeks. Correction: two years.
boo? why ur head on backwards?
Rows of sheep made a rainbow
"Nap time!" he proclaimed before fainting
Do your best to rest comfortably
I love ewe, confessed the farmer.
I'm trying to say goodbye forever.
Now she has absolutely nothing left.
Perhaps imagination served us too well.
What happened to the woods....boo!
Nothing else ever felt so easy.
So what do I do now?
Is anyone keeping up with you?
Weed and horror novels. Everything's fine.
Glowing mushrooms lit dank dark caverns
The entire biome was torch lit
They collected llamas for future activities
He wonders who buys these boats.
Venimus, vidimus, we kicked its ass.
The dog tore apart every napkin
Bedrock got blasted for roof access
The iron golems were burnt alive
The vaccine could have ended it
Way Off Base...Must Be Nice!
The pigmen rushed towards their deaths
Murderous rooster slaughters hens Loved Friday.
The riptide caught me; goodbye land.
Time together always made her smile
"I'm ill." / "usory," the Buddhist corrected.
Time, life, infinite, beyond human understanding
Differing timezones made for complicated communication
"I'm never playing with you again!"
every step hurts along the way
Screams echoed in the desolate forest.
Another broken connection. Must be me.
Mother Nature, a home for many
But, was it only a dream?
Don't move. It's right behind you.
Weekdays feel weak. They want weekend.
And then gravity ceased to be.
Together, Im sad. Alone, Im depressed.
Huge fight... couldn't sleep last night.
Her open heart is a homewrecker
Her loosen heart is a home-wrecker.
I was a year younger yesterday
Haunted house, Cold Air, Unaffected, Unafraid.
Really think you must be Bipolar
All tears dry, If I try....
There's no people, help I'm alone.
Higher altitudes revealed an abrupt treeline
Gentle winds sent yellow leaves quivering
Fuzzy butterflies flew against strong winds
The cheesecake hid in the fridge
I know youre just a charlatan
A true sadist hurts your feelings
A day Im glad I survived.
"It's art babe... and maybe liquor."
The fat in the nursery bubbled.
The saddest story: Pretending his happiness
Her mother bit softly into flesh.
I'm very uncomfortable.... could you stop?
Dont come out, its safer there.
They were lemon and lime together
Someone taped fins to some ducks
The water rippled as fins appeared
Shards of trauma lay glistening everywhere
Uh oh, it wasnt a fart
Crashing waves washed away the blood
I stumbled into a pile of nope.
Daddy birth tusked my special place
Just realized something confusing and terrifying...
They played minecraft when they could
Man trips holding baby, no crying.
Held still while tickled without mercy.
One new dm, a smile spreads
I want to hate you. Cant.
Busy surviving, busy trying, no fun
She crafted potions with freestyle machines
The story of moth and flame
Story of moth and the flame
One heart cant beat for two.
They rode their llama all night
Bullet hit me. Alumina sprayed. Safe.
Do you want me to stay?
I miss you. Youre not here
It doesn't have to stay broken.
Final regrets, should've checked the rope.
Words fail when they most matter.
Sorry. Ripped that book to shreds...
The rain fell obscuring their tears.
To late - should've trust my premonition.
Best you can be, is yourself.
Dont walk on eggshells, be free
Wronged a person here. I am sorry.
I am kind. I am important.
Hippie to parents: "My rent's due."
Just use dynamite. No fucking around.
Johnny sat alone, crying and shitting.
Even the good ones go bad.
The exhausted nomad closed Google Earth.
Rest well, dream safely, wake up
Astronauts wearing lingerie on the moon
McDonalds happy meal toy: a gun
E.T. but the bikes dont land
Death Row Renamed to Sesame Street
the Bible but with the muppets
banana slip into a trash compactor
I ate a chili pepper: flea
snakes are for snaking, not snacking
good books are sorta like books
and the weatherman predicts giant porcupines.
I see huge porcupines hiding everywhere
I thought you loved me motherfucker
The end. The beginning. A reset.
They chatted gently about their days
Fine! Well exchange cryptic messages here!!!
A pilot forgets how to fly
He didnt know she didnt know.
They smiled, sweet fondness encompassing them
Do you even want to anymore?
White sox, red Sox, toe sox
Life takes priority over unrequited love.
Every third post's about love. Gross.
Mods dont mean justice nor intelligence
His thoughts shifted prematurely to Halloween.
If God is trustworthy, then why
Their crueltys no reason to die.
Murderer volunteers for mind uploading experiment.
Its yours now. Use it wisely.
Don't create chaos in your life.
i cant take this anymore more
Five to one, Love in abstract
They make a pill for that.
Always proofread to save embarrassing mistookes.
Dangerously close to crossing the streams.
Missing some friends, not missing others.
We met on my mushroom trip.
Every sunrise ends with a sunset.
Single plum. Floating perfume. Man's hat.
Dont wake up to coyote ugly
So that was your husbands account
The necromancer's new wife cried endlessly.
A Voodoo Child cursed by love
Silently sitting under her final sunset
Actually slept last night. Surprisingly chipper!
With help I've overcome my worries!
They cannot take it from you.
I think about you almost everyday.
I just miss you so much.
Perhaps you can spare a light?
She wept for the last morning.
Success is like ascending a mountain
Real sweetheart, real asshole packaged deal!
How did it happen? . Well!? Woodchipper.
I miss my late best friend
We had chemistry, but not timing.
acid dislikeheretofore unfelt, heretofore unsaid
He never learned to count...
coming over me: dislike heretofore unfelt
Octopus hats certainly make a splash
Sold my sole to the devil
pillows of wooden beams for support
Ending Cinderella but shes ugly again
The dealer smelt that flush fart
Amputee starfish are just in recovery
Firecracker suppository now watch me fly
Dont care much for homicidal maniacs
I slept through my own death
Punched a window to feel pane
You can never ruin my happiness..
Cheers! to the end of earth
She dropped the gun and cried
My heart breaks for these sinners
I did not come to fight
Repetition Compulsion Repetition Compulsion Repetition Silence
A child with two suicidal parents.
Called in sick Its happy Fryday
It will be better. " I do."
Sometimes, I dont feel my heartbeat
Time stood still, not the escalators.
Aliens arrived. Then, disappointed, they left.
I hope you'll return to me.
Staring at screens staring at me
If anyone asks, we're both bodacious.
You are my national anthem, popstars
The devils water aint so sweet
I'll always choose love over fear.
I always choose love over fear.
Police sirens in the distance - amateurs.
The crying game in real life
She told 1001 nights of 6ws.
Meet me here in a year
Killer whale framed by killer-er whale
Mistrial! Sealion judge with a grudge
Killer whale proven guilty by jury
Killer whale on trial for murder
Killer whale framed by killer-er whale
Killer whale on trial for murder
Power outage during a trapeze act
A penguin march for toilet paper
Smack my ass, like a drum.
I know your pushing me away.
Am I just a memory now?
Do what you want, a choice.
This experiment failed. I'll disappear again.
The llama pair cuddled for warmth
Woke up, floating above my body,
Why can't you let me go?
Bad day isnt a bad life.
Mike is not a heckin wizard!
Ive missed you, every single day.
Familiarity despite the new names
Memories of sick days, resplendent solitude.
Luna to Odin, I've got time.
I have escaped my overactive imagination.
Think I got away for now.
He yada yada yada yada hard!
A barbers ode to Van Gogh
Some razors are meant to shave
Unreadable self help book for masochists
This carrot I chopped is bleeding
Chipotle laxative in a traffic jam
I sugared my fucking fries again
Any moment with you my favorite!
Life is infinitely better with you.
Miss my lover, friend, mentor, partner.
Right person, wrong time is REAL!
Quit giving CPR to dead situations.
I wish, but cannot ask her
Unreached, the smallest matryoshkas heart wilted.
Nothing surprises me. Don't care anymore.
Please dont raise the devil lady
A power couple is two hustlers.
I need some technocratic, indentured servitude.
My thoughts are rapidly shifting chaos.
Walking in a dead womans shoes
Eventually, human evolve into two species.
Next week, alone. Morning and night.
Went in the wrong direction again...
Imaginary ghost breathing down my neck....
Keep that thing in your pants.
What the heck. You're still here?
He isn't Shadow. Obsession isn't necessary.
Don't try to help me again.
A mountain to climb, I continue.
I think I'm fine. He's gone.
I think I'm fine. He's gone.
Modern day maturity dealing with globalism.
It is like he never existed....
It is like he never existed....
Shes a witch, with a bee.
I don't write about him anymore.
Your secret is safe with me.
Lust and patience ebb in unison.
Two bullets left. Bang, bang Bang.
It's like she never even existed.
Utopia for some, dystopia for others.
Snap, crunch, pop, ouch, oof. Fall .
What do you say, girl...Truce?
The old man the new boats.
I would forgive her right now.
The reality offered doesn't make sense.
Approach female. Propose. Apologise profusely. Run.
The court clerk was so sexy.
"I'm pregnant!" "......" "What?..." "I'm so.....happy."
"I'm pregnant!" "No way!" "Way!" "What?"
Terrifying and humbling. A harsh lesson.
"I'm pregnant." "......Is it mine?" "......No." "......."
"I'm pregnant!" "........." "Say something!!" "........." " You asshole!!!"
Rain, pain, gain, and eventually, die
"Don't shoot me!" They kept filming.
Soulless spectacle eclipsed life and death.
I remember my promise. I lied.
Nap ended in real life nightmare.
My brother's school lunch. Cat food.
Caution: Bird Watching Goes Both Ways
Excuse me but you look familiar.
Black Suit, Golden Chain, Iron Man
Everyone except me are the monsters
To see you by the moonlight
Behind shifting hemlock leaves, Wolves watch.
One bright rainy morning, she drove.
It was like riding a bicycle
I'm asking for a demonstration, please.
Two fools are on Fortune's wheel
Umm, Doctor, that cyst isbreathing!
Those chochos do not not existos.
Where's the antidote for true love?
Where's the antidote to true love?
________-----//|||||||||clown syndrome
Tangible reality. Can't be that breakable....
"Support group for what?" They wondered.
See the truth, then reach it.
She farted silently, and walked away.
I am feeling very uninspired today.
Conversations require eye contact and empathy.
Near or far, you have value
Its a different kind of love
Not taking you down with me.
I collect clippings about my death.
I hurt you with my heartbreak.
Enchanted shoes forced her to dance.
Darkness is the most ruthless inside.
Every mirror you buy is secondhand
He conjured the demon in me.
Cant Rome, without A Lisa, Blinking
How did sorrow make your acquaintance?
How are you acquainted with sorrow?
Who were you, last we met?
Please, do enjoy my love life.
Change of coast, change of time.
god, your gorgeous smile makes me melt.
Tears fall when alone. Miss you.
Enjoy scrolling over your profile, daily.
Cryogenically frozen dullard awaits Nobel Prize.
Hole? What hole? Theres no holeeee
Beast eats taco. Belle orgasms again.
Tampons love blood, we get it.
Ive got a red hot plan.
Well kept secret, to the grave.
The town to small for Tinder.
Lying in bed, thinking of you
I wish we could talk again.
Advanced human mimicry testfailed again.
Hemmed in by Matryoshkas she woolgathered.
Anxious slugs frantically pursued salty leftovers.
Be true, be brave, stand now
Do you still care? I do.
I fall in love too easily.
Someday, people will forget blue skies.
An overplayed hand, a missed opportunity
Sometimes not interested in social gatherings
Getting married tomorrow. Lost taste today.
I relate to this so much.
Now that is just too yellow
$10,000 Uber to Albuquerque, no exceptions.
Ill always read everything you write.
6'7". Those are two separate measurements
Time machine. I finally created a
Mother described mercy through her embrace
Your memories are my future history.
The sauce covers the unpleasant taste.
Will I ever forgive? Future unknown.
To the town of Agua Fria
I wait for only your message
Even in eternity, nothing ever lasts
I'm paranoid, a freak, an android.
If I wasn't scared I'd be laughing.
Wake up! No sleeping in!...Son?
Missed our bus. Found each other.
Wishing your text ping'd my phone
She desires slaves, prepare for disappointment
All my songs belong to you
Good morning, Good afternoon, Good evening
No, our faces both melted, actually.
Your OneDrive... is full. You fairy.
Polling Results: 0%, 8%, 51%, 0%
I can't tell a story in six w...
healer, tank, dps looking for group
I'm a tetrapod, commit tax fraud.
You smiled at me. Game over.
You ARE my missing puzzle piece!
Eye just want to 2B me.
Regretting decisions but never admitting it
Maybe not today. Maybe not tomorrow.
Let go the one you love.
Erase my memory, set me free
I remain as always, Obediently Yours
I wrote too fast in r/UnsentLetters
Damn chaos wizards...should have known.
Sorry. One bandaged eyebrow twitched. Grounded.
Sorry. One bandaged eyebrow twitched. Grounded.
She had charm but lacked grace.
Don't you wish healing was linear
At least I decompose like Mozart
I thought we can be together.
Hard pass! Bananas are for monkeys.
That isnt what I ordered online.
Shovel, cemetery, check. Christmas is sorted.
You decided yourself it was over.
Robot's baby confirmed though blood samples.
You shouldn't use Cacti in foreplay.
After joining r/sixwordstories, Hemingway shot himself.
All I see is Red, Passion.
Study the shadows to understand light.
the worst part is not knowing
Could I have made a difference
My mind is prepared. I understand.
Grandpa and grandbaby's nap times synchronized
Compound fracture; orthopedic cast; crush's number
You had exactly what you wanted
You had exactly what you wanted
Garding for a successful life mindfully
Death extends his hand more problems
One healthpack. The boss music played.
I stroke his ego every day.
I killed it, I'll eat it.
Ok feelings, enough. Just die already!
The strangest of my strange thoughts
One sided effort leads to failure
Jennifers Body, Trapped, 24HR Cinderella, Love.
Boredom got the best of us.
Come back. I'm not dead yet.
I shouldve at least said hi.
Party wastes taxpayer's money on recall.
It's difficult to find the words
I fell in love, he didnt.
Her long-story-short... 2,000,000 tangents
Chew it up, spit it out.
I play NO fucking games. *wink*
Norm Macdonald was a goddamn titan.
I tried. You wouldn't believe me.
My nipples are not my own
Death by: Skull fracture, severe. Homicide.
Death certificate: Skull fracture, severe. Homicide.
She tried celery, but it broke.
Excuse the insufferable complacency  they're entrepreneurs.
She really believes what she says.
Smaller portions of internet bring joy.
It was an accident! ... I think.
Argyle AND paisley. Perfect. "How much?"
Crimson Cloud, You broke my heaven!
Father and son overthrowing Empire together.
I am bored, someone entertain me
Reality smacked her in the face.
It's out but it'll never heal.
Door's unlocked. Must be expecting me.
Sugar-free doesn't mean calorie-free
Slow dying Outlaw, Unshaken Redemption, Dreams
I'm here. Come talk to me.
Camgirl6902 tremulously fumbled the blue-tipped stick.
He moved on, but I havent.
Sad and hurting by myself everyday.
Your secrets are making me insane.
Set me free with the truth.
Democratic internet curation. I love Reddit.
Shes gonna dream of me tonight.
Life goes on but I stay
The flash went off. Something growled.
I'm being watched as I sleep.
Continued life support pending insurance authorization.
Handle this gem. Notice its flaws.
I am sad all the time
Make love, not war, fuck me.
Toxic pattern: appear, destroy, depart, repeat.
One midsummer morning I stepped and
I'm here to talk about nothing.
Worry, doubt, guilt; hello old friends.
Sloe gin injures me more slowly.
youre the hero of your story.
Sorry, mom. Can't afford your surgery...
I'm going to Planned Parenthood tomorrow...
I wanted it to be real.
Where the fuck is my grinder
Get the F off my lawn.
"Peppers. Tastiest Earth berries." Silence. "What?"
No revolution is without a dance
Why is your eyeball hanging out?
STOP or there will be bloodshed.
**STOP** or there will be bloodshed.
Why is Eminem in congress? Weird.
My eyes open. I see war.
I open my eyes. I see war.
Didnt wear facemask. Ventilator mask instead.
Did not wear facemask. Ventilator mask instead.
I love you, regardless of you.
She said her name was _Carnitas_.
A river begins with a stream.
Doing so much, not doing you.
Leave him, we have to go.
why are you trying so hard?
Smile when Death comes for you. Laugh when Life opens for you.
His only demand: Austin Powers 4
I've learned humility. Why so obtuse?
Sometimes, its takes more than will.
Tell me a story of friendship.
Tell me a story of friendship.
Took too many Ls in life.
The broken circle breaks down; undone.
Honey, I shrank the kids retirement
I don't want to live anymore.
A vampire recognizing himself in mirrors?
The Never Ending Story ended yesterday.
A hand reaches out palm up.
In adulthood friendships are transitory. Repeat.
In adulthood friendships are transitory. Repeats.
The sigma flexes, the alpha shudders.
Student loans forgiven, somehow not mine
Convinced me to leave him. Left.
Jewish parents. You know the rest.
What's the day again? I forgot.
Honey, where are the divorce papers?
Fuzzy pink boas adorned fabulous anteaters
The purple flame? Just potassium chloride
The sodium reacted with water violently
He pondered the prospect of cheesecake
i love you, but not enough.
Martian life confirmed. Entire crew devoured.
Reno hasnt love me since 1974
This mikveh smells like rotting Wendys.
It's stuck in my third eye
Im going to shit your pants!
She traded her dignity for attention
Bent my Putter breaking his skull.
Fing listen to me she raged.
Same fucking hamster wheel, different day.
Streaming, armed, @egirl_diva approached rival.
The cheesecake trembled as death approached
Just really fucking don't care anymore.
our silence doesn't feel comfortable anymore.
My eyes shut eternally starting today.
You never get the seconds back.
Hi, Gonna Kill You, Im Dad!
Alison doesn't live here anymore. Sigh. :-(
If empathys witchcraft build the pyre.
Behind this smilelurks a mystery.
why the fuck is Finnick dead?!
Bye wizard. Not playing this game.
I won't be intimidated by you.
The pain of giving you space.
Can we talk about this... please.
Fuck this. I am being manipulated.
He got down on one knee.
How do I make this right?
I'll leave reddit if you want.
I'm sorry....it won't happen again.
Wait.... you guys know each other?
I am trying to process everything.
She reluctantly peeked around the corner.
Feel oddly relaxed. Everything is fine.
Sit, poop, wipe, eat, repeat: Life
"Cheese, Jim, is always the answer!"
Selfishly I want more of you.
There is thunder in our hearts.
You set me free. I'm running.
I get it wizard... you're strong.
Am I done being punished yet?
Is anybody up for a competition? No, genuinely. We collect 10 of the top voted stories and create a poll to see whose is mode popular? Like if you are into this idea. I think its super
The accident went according to plan.
For you are my chosen one.
Some who wear corsets, wield forces.
Okay. I deserve this. You're right.
Lost my head at guillotine demonstration
He granted her closure and freedom.
Prayed to not have that nightmare...
Thought you were letting me go?
The world swirled with sinister confusion.
She was not what she seemed.
Little girl held hands with yokai.
*AUSTRALIANS* *DONT* *ACTUALLY* *TALK* *LIKE* *THAT!!*
I said pee in the TOILET!
I miss his fist the most.
She ventured into the monster's jaws.
Is it safe to post now?
Red. Black. Red. Red. Lovers. Strangers.
People remained either unreachable or unpalatable.
Five more pounds, then Ill call.
Tip toed from her hiding spot.
I. No, we. Stereophonic headspace, doc.
I. No, we. Sterophonic headspace, doc.
hate my life, wished i died
Prayers for the sick and petty
Fine you win. Make it quick.
I feel like I'm being hunted....
Daphne and Apollo = a frightening story.
He didnt feel the same way
She visibly trembled as he approached.
Rejecting people is extremely hard, guys.
This is some spiderweb you got.
She stared into his jagged jaws...
I broke down again last night..
you are not alone, my friend
we overcome fear by taking risk
The police don't suspect a thing.
I held out hope. Until today.
Me: "I love you!" Her: "K."
Your love compels me to complacency
Loved you then. Love you now. 
I loved him once, I think.
You cant drink? Better lawyer up.
I saw you at your lowest
Pilots phone surfaced, airplane mode off.
Pilots phone surfaced, airplane mode on.
So much to learn, unlearn relearn!
Her defensive wounds were vomit inducing.
Oh no! My poop is coming
How angry does it make you?
Wish I was there with you
Maybe everything will finally be okay...
Live in the past wishing dreaming.
Knife was lodged in her hand.
I hope the flower comes back.
Long day, tired the whole week.
Hope is a very dangerous gift.
I always love the forbidden ones
An instinct to push people away.
Zombies screamed running pass us, "cuuuupcaaaaakes!"
I deserve whatever punishment I get.
I didnt lose, I stopped playing.
Don't look back... Ghosts won't follow.
"Don't ever look back!" She reminded.
She was silent. Tongue ripped out.
Sword was thrust through her mouth.
Sword was thrust through her face.
Wonder if I still have friends.
The future was obscured by bees
Birth criminalized; thirteenth amendment rendered moot.
Cold metal pressed against her forehead.
Just cry yourself to sleep girl.
We only obsess over unfinished relationships.
Cant even untangle us if tried.
Childhood memories on a tattered box.
and I laughed at his words
This forest was all retail stores.
You betrayed me; now I wait.
Never felt so insulted . . . entire life.
Propaganda claims another internet truth seeker.
We build cars instead of forests.
Requesting a do over, fresh start!
No work. Monday. Kind of blue.
I have a stress tummy ache.
If you read this you're gay
You who think, one can feel.
Soothsayer acquitted, victory predicted, double jeopardy.
"Fuck if i know" roared Nostradamus.
Clairvoyant channeled testimony, "DEAD, go away."
Took partner to the emergency room.
Jesus laughingly refuses to take wheel
Trying not to do it again.
Please leave me be. Im tired.
dad's a deadbeat. mum's just dead.
Youll find me deep in space.
Live for acceptance, die from rejection
The horse got out on bail
They made wishes on game characters
No one posts their divorce photos
I've been ignoring what I know.
Feed the beast? This'll never cease!
You REALLY make my heart smile!
I miss talking to my friend.
It's not that interesting or mysterious.
The mutant cheesecake attacked the city
You've your father's taste in men
You literally already advised everyone twice.
I can't sleep! I can't dream.
Realizing how little you actually knew ?
Driving past.... his eyes caught hers.
Driving past his eyes caught hers.
Stop talking, youre dead to me
Punk rock played out the evening
'Dungeon is sound proof - keep screaming'
Careful with that axe please Sylviaaaaaaaaaa....
Hisses: " That mirror must be defective"
They fell through alphabet soup satellites
But yes, we have no bananas.
they drown in an upwards motion.
I ran into Apollo at sunset.
There are wild donkeys out here...
"you can have your crabs back!"
brain: criminal. CRIMINAL. criMMMinal. mouth: crinimal.
kinda sick of hiding bruises.
Three hundred years' study, for this?
I accidentally bought too many books.
I fucking miss you so much
All the birds are flocking South.
Dije "infinito". Lo dije en serio.
Their thought patterns were like osmium
"Always" makes promises it can't keep.
Pero nunca te dej de amar.
Septembral sunbeams, mouth of crushed ice.
"I dream of you!" "Keep dreaming."
Dad's purple blossoms on mom's face.
Clone farming is hard honest work.
I had a hamburglar for lunch.
False starts accumulated, obscuring the sky.
Gregor Samsa, eat your heart out.
The voices made for pleasant company
Everything you eat turns to shit
Mead is stronger than I realized.
I didn't mean to get drunk.
Decided to get drunk off mead.
Standing waist deep in uncharted rage.
Got dolled up to feel better.
I am alone i am lonely
He stole from the cheesecake truck
Lost in bliss walking streets unknown
Maybe I'll find a safer muse....?
The llamas grazed on technicolor grass
Overblown acrimony caused his hasty departure.
Reveller tugs arm, I remain frozen.
Effort to contact family: NOT MADE
I'll make sure she can't escape.
She reached out through ethereal means
I count gud
Arrows from my thoughts pierce me.
He called out to the void
Your sensitivities offended by mere words
Tequila surfing destroyed her wedding dress!
wait, which left did we take?
Your heartbeat me tender like meat.
What to do with perfect anonymity?
Your absence brings large time gains.
Rick got sick and died quick.
Your life is one large imagination
legends become myths before they die
Hiking trip to help with melancholy.
She was filled with fond memories
Monster under bed ran from Cheryl.
You made me jump again, why?
Most wondrous creature Ive ever met
The robot sighed to exhaust anxiety
State legalizes kidnapping surrounding states' women.
Call me Ishmael. I'm a dick.
See NYC by glass bottom boat.
The facts of life were fabricated.
Focus on getting to the forest...
Keep having to redirect my thoughts.
The weight of that wish....crushing.
I'm not insane. I am damaged.
Earth is a divine discarded eyeball.
He was the end of me.
Alexa In Wonderland Kindle Edition, released.
Loss = a destructive and powerful motivator.
"You're human. Do a human thing."
Give me on true sentences. One!
They left us together. Grateful sorrow.
It was all in my imagination.
Inside the mirror, a virtual reality.
The llamas grooved to disco music
Too love or not to love
They shared a half faced smile
Not looking forward to this journey.
With heavy heart, she stepped forward.
The beaten path had her beaten.
Charmolypi. It was today, or never.
Invsible rats have been destroying America
Please call me tonight, lets talk
The rope tightened around her neck.
Good Lord, that's some hot piss.
Familiar yet unfamiliar territory surrounds her
Depression flavored the past and present
The garbage disposal looked quite inviting
Now and forever more. Only you.
Youre still the one for me
Maybe youll forgive me one day?
I apologize for hurting you Babe
Not seeing you, messed me up.
Im a mess, you deserve better.
Im deeply sorry for everything, Love
bruise. what? nosebleed. oh fuck. relapse.
I want you in real life
Always have always will, my love.
I want to be your girlfriend
Get me out of here please!
vampires. menstrual cups. making any connections?
Wake up. Log on. Wake up.
I still love you though Babe.
Keep those thoughts locked up tight.
You misunderstand me. I misunderstand you.
Life didn't seem worth the effort
I liked that. Do it again please.
Jeeze you're smooth. Subtle as heck.
The lemon laid there, sliced up
Catastrophically timed, his penis grew tastebuds.
Ripped her throat out. Screaming stopped.
Curly haired beautys your real goddess
Infatuated with her or with infatuation?
Forbidden touch, electrifying in its imprudence.
Days and creativity, both growing short.
That's when his penis ran off.
Just let me do my thing!
I don't believe in divine timing.
Whom, do you do it for?
My dad's birthday. Hope he dies.
I need to think before reacting.
Things are not what they seem.
The knife still held her reflection.
Dream about you when I sleep.
Our love will always live on
Reassurance hits different when not requested.
In death, we are eternally enslaved
Simulation complete, time for actual life.
The robot nurse changed my diaper.
Patient embrace, soothes the infants cries.
"you're not special. you're the control."
just another kind of grift, baby.
don't ask me why it happened.
Writing is an act to foreshadow.
The pathetic deluded girl ran away.
Ate mexican, pissing out my ass.
Lies never sound like the truth.
I don't want to hurt anyone.
I am not worth your attention.
Forget I exist. Not worth attention.
Two weeks, no food. Suburban "life".
The extension window is partially empty.
The felines are plotting future plans
"Beautiful full moon!" "Oops, gotta go!"
Tomorrow is my dad's birthday. Gross.
Trainer? But I hardly knew her
The dead whale sings to me
Train her? I hardly knew her
Only you fill this empty space
We know nothing of others struggles
Live for love. Die for love.
The future will be better, eventually...
Grateful for every living dying moment
Remember the joy felt in youth?
Funny Beatles Moments - [Videolink In Comments]
Make playlists forwards! !sdrawkcab stsilyalp yalP
Your own research? Fuck right off.
Harmonic telegraphy; byproduct of deaf woman
Honestly? I'm regretting enrolling in college...
Happy woulda been anniversary! Miss you!
Im sorry for any hurt caused
It's easier to pretend they're dead.
The llama song played on repeat
His voice echoed back to him.
My death didn't make the papers.
Be happy, see you in Cali
Be kind. Please leave me alone.
You don't know me at all.
The alarm clock said meow meow
"Behold! I am afflicted by geese!"
My therapist says Im a human.
Biggest regret, convincing her to leave
I still pray for your happiness.
Won't communicate my thoughts about you.
'Oh, shut up...' answered the toaster.
The immortal tied another noose. Hopeful.
Profiteers capitalize veterans' death; Make money.
Numb pain earmarked their life stories
Numbness brought calmness for a time
Mmm mmm mmm tasty tasty downvote
Thats the reaper; waiting doesnt matter.
Six words just might be enough
Ostriches making pancakes with strawberries
Life makes life. Life makes meaning.
Goats got on the moon again.
Everything feels brand new, with you.
Lifes a song few can hear.
Ghosts believe in you. Be respectful.
Doing my best. Hope it's enough.
Surely things will get better. Somehow...
Universes dance in moments of Eternity
I swear, it'll be worth it.
You remind me of forgotten love
Notice the magic in the mundane
It mattered. At least to him.
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes
She thought she was being clever.
It rampaged downtown, destroying everyone's lives.
He cleaned his knife and body.
Her heart was broken into shards
"Mom left." Me divided. Dad right?
What do get outta being cruel?
I want to feel absolutely nothing.
Dare I us? Afflicted with wryness?
I hope they're not like me.
Whelp! I guess that's my closure.
Knowing you read everything. Dying inside....
Her eyes could only see darkness.
"This Just In!" said the pornstar.
They're here, and they are hungry.
Please stop following me. I'm mortified.
Give me one reason not to...
I'm really embarrassed. Stop following me.
When in doubt, said "I'm OUT"
I think they dont like me.
Maybe I should just disappear now...
"Let me go please..." She begged.
I am not scared of you!
"Physically you aren't," said Death.
Please listen James Arthur- September (acoustic)
Farewell little voices in my head
"Hostages... s-safe?" "You saved them." "awesom- "
"Hostages... s-safe?" "You saved them." "awesom-- "
Saw my reflection: What a mess..
"Hmmmm..." "Mmm?" "Hmm." "Hmm?" "Mmm..." "Mmm."
Stop questioning the motives of chickens
Nothing is remembered, everyone dies eventually
God's waiting for you to die
Freckled possums strutted down the runway
Community Challenge: Pinned forever, memories however.
Her spider mind scoured the internet
... I don't want to move on.
we badly want to be right
The two-headed monster gave me counsel.
For Sale: Heartbroke Hotel. No Vacancies.
Spot sat with her until passing
She holds the real power here.
I ate the pope last tuesday
Timmys my name Sex is fame
I have cape I like Rape
You have helped me enormously today...
Thanks for dissolving those limerent associations!
Ridiculous associations untangled. I'll overcome limerence.
Ever been caught in an avalanche?
I feel better. More in control.
Always so eager... for my ass 
Chess solved, reclassified as puzzle game
When youre ready, Ill be here.
He realized she would never come.
You don't understand *how* to retreat.
Now, I'll definitely roll this back.
A passionate woman worth the chaos.
A manipulator isolates those they "love."
Perpetuate the cycle, perpetuate the cycle 
Never starting means never failing
It will be worth the wait.
The light was red she said.
His microphone malfunctioned! Stop hitting him!
The capybara lazed under the sun
We were sixteen and spiralling out.
Tornado watches. Mo and I curl .
Her psychosis drove away her friends
Phew. Needed to get that out...
Didn't realize how tense I was.
You chose to be the villain.
One thing's constant; you've remained absent...
Cant kill someone thats already dead.
The war between apes and lemurs
Watching director's commentaries of my life-review
The horror. The horror. The End. Apocalypse Now.
A woman enamored with your soul.
He-he-he's setting her up for failure...
Teach the art of letting go!
I want to talk to you.
"The truth hurts? Nah, truth heals..."
Got herself in. Got herself out.
I found home in your heart.
Closure is something everyone would like.
"The giant fire ants are attacking!"
WWIII was planned never to conclude.
Doubt killed my dream, not failure.
Can you survive on love alone?
I opened my eyes. Nothing changed.
Gene sequencing never felt so good.
That's exactly what my dog said!
That's exactly what my dog said!
This switch will empty his bladder.
Childrens trust shows our pure beginnings.
Reality is meant to be broken.
She realized he was never coming.
She trembled as he gently approached.
The thunderstorm had obscured the gunshots.
The old toy factory became self-aware.
She trembled as he slowly approached.
Mars is the future of Earth.
He approached gingerly as she trembled.
"C'mon, it'll be fine" - Last words
She trembled as he carefully approached.
Lab Testing Lab Leak Theory Leaks
Important one day, worthless the next.
Jinn attacks surge after Americans leave.
For a Professor, you're a *dumbass*
printf ("Hello World! Vocabulary ends here.");
I will defeat time just yesterday!
Pregnant pause, baby rolled and kicked.
Sue me? Sue my lawyer, Thurgood.
Maybe not as brave as believed
A golfing accident: Don't drink and drive
The dancing llama waved a greeting
"They never really cared, did they"
Done living on someone else's time
Learn to love work you do
Computer looking blue. Screen of death.
Anxiety is the cornerstone of anxiety
Tired soul, frail heart, injured gut!
Sprung from balcony, fingers graze moon.
Leaping from balcony, fingers graze moon.
Our insecurities exposed Im still here.
"You're mine." Whispered the disembodied voice...
His whole life lead to this...
Can't know that you did that...
Kirby ate all the baked beans
"Please don't kill him!" She pleaded.
The stardust fabricator went on strike.
"Now why constantly play the victim?"
Found the problem. I was it.
I am just so, so tired
Her mind is now an oasis...
Born just to save a marriage
You perpetuate a cycle of abuse
Truth affirms; I cannot love you.
Help yourself, addict... leave us alone.
I'd never. It's impossible for me...
Kidding! I would never ignore you....
You're interfering with motherhood. It's over.
Ignoring the shadow that's behind me.
"I won't harm you." He reassured.
Drilling for oil took some time
The moon illuminated a deep forest
Don't like these boundaries? Then leave.
A purr-fect weekend with my cat. 
Post-massacre. Downstream. Panning for gold teeth.
Apologies and congratulations. - The Condom Factory
Time does not wait, make haste.
Book pile holding up a tablet
Suicide threats prove you never die
The magical flowers were very rare
Peace from within, inner turmoil resolved
"Happy Birthday!" I told his picture.
Youve always hated me, havent you?
Uncaring friends were finally let go
Chose! leave? returned? small town life
Uncaring friends were let go finally
Ugliness is currency, beauty is poison.
The doing and undoing of me.
I'm quite sure I've been broken.
"Not polite to scream." He chastised.
Be Good and Do Good yo
This is why I love you
"The lime Rockstar is quite delicious"
I have all the missing pieces.
No.
Surface level fallout from underworld destruction.
She killed her mother's only daughter.
Once upon a waste of time...
Guess you know me best now.
Silence is golden. I am not.
She is the unforgiving ocean waves
Riding a bike became *very* interesting !
The last of her resistance faded...
The last of my resistance faded...
Curious... how does this story end?
Waiting to be engulfed by shadow
Possible? Yes. Logical? No. Probable? No.
Oh my God! My water broke!
You got this hold on me.
Left my heart, on the Internet.
I don't trust you at all
Anxiety strangles me like a rope
Time Travel Express: Next stop: BabylonBC2108
Now boarding: Kansas To Oz Tornado2108
Mushrooms which consume radiation bloomed everywhere
The money maker. The wage slave.
You showed your true colours. Black.
Found in Colorado. Lost in Kansas.
"We're engaged." "WOOHOO! About damn time!"
Lime, Cherry, and Bloodberry fought well
"Mommy, what tree'll Daddy grow into?"
Some nights end faster than others.
The peridot fell from the satchel
Funny Beatles Moments [Link In Comments]
Won't you please break my heart?
...says the philosopher, high on meth.
That surgery changed his gender and.....
That surgery changed his sex and....
It's Friday! To party, or not?
We have passed Infinity, approaching Beyond.
My thoughts are an unreliable narrarator
Mom and Dad......please stop aging.
I swear its the last time!
This one sided intimacy is mortifying.
Wizard... you win. I fucking surrender.
I'm not a damn TV show!
Desire and ignorance causes all suffering.
To be human is myopia embodied.
I can win. I am strong.
I'm so frustrated I could scream.
I'm going to take a break.
Color me jade with your "love".
I thought we had more time.
You are in control... not me.
Would it help if I begged?
Keep your Dionysian tentacles to yourself!
Readers spawn more lives than authors.
Prove me wrong then..... I'm desperate.
I'm just crazy. It's not real.
It is all in your head.
Offline: last seen four years ago.
He has a gentle kindhearted soul.
It's me not you, he lied
You're not a monster to me....
You're not a monster to me.
What I wrote wasn't about you.
Lost the creative farting contest...psst!
I am not what I write.
Her hand sliced off so easily.
Life is only a one-way trip.
Fire is just a demons poetry
Making a point to prioritize pleasures
Rich fantasy life = a terrible substitution
Distant whistling, heard down the road
Distant thunder rolls away the sun.
Don't waste my time, she said
We will make a better comeback!
Whatever you lack I got you.
My soul has requested to leave.
Ill never give up on you.
Terrified and hidden, I hear it.
The truth: tucked away for later.
"Single?" / Checked her watch. "Not yet."
Men and Tacos. Best when hard.
I'll break you like a fever.
Women and cheese, best when sharp
You always will be my sunflower, dearest.
Blood is better than tears, Child.
I Can Be Anyone On Reddit
You make me feel very protected.
Dear Mission Control, Thanks For Trying
You make me feel very safe.
The pirates gold was just chocolate.
Wedding rings pulled off skeletal fingers
I want you, I always will.
"Liquify them," said the cartel boss.
He choose wifi over his wife.
He choose wifi over wife.
Violating the natural order for art.
Insomnia kept sleep out of reach
Flight cancelled, 5th time this month
Minecraft had lost all its charm
This is people watching, without visuals.
I no longer believe in love
Breakfast alone at Denny's. Tiffany-less/Penniless.
Breakfast alone at Denny's, Tiffany-less and penniless.
Break up with Tiffany, at breakfast.
Breakfast at Tiffany's place, with Stephanie.
Breakfast with Tiffany. Dinner with wife.
Satans daughter just stole my wallet.
Your perfume, smells like love, lost.....
The wolf sniffed the tree curiously
Drama quota filled for the year.
Outside my tent, a twig snaps
Conscience wont pay the bills, dummy
I think you might've broken me.
I don't know what to believe...
Chest is tight. I won't cry.
life: still together in the after-
Our family's selfies getting more crowded :)
This is people watching, without visuals.
I would have died for you.
I give up. Nothing gets better.
I wasn't talking about you. Fuck.
I'm so sick of possessive men.
Lost, you swallow your own grenade.
Washed hoodie revealed brand new Kleenex.
I tried I cant unlove you.
I just want to sleep forever.
"You're adorable like Grumpy Cat." "Nope."
We had fun once....Fast forward&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
My illusion has outlives it's usefulness.
Hilarious hijinks, you're a real Klown
Faults are noticed when love dies.
The bird flapped inside the tornado
Everything isnt right, inside my head.
Full moon tonight missing my person.
Going to miss her purring tonight
The king lost his crown... again.
"Sam and Max's destination: The Sun"
Question: How scary can you get?
My love is meant for many
"Sam and Max go to the Sun"
Time traveller! Did you stop slavery?
Whatcha got? Not scared of you.
We were each others sweeping adventures.
Inverting time reveals more inverted time.
Like a lozenge, I melt away
Came and went. Now lost forever.
Today God answered all my prayers.
Mood: happy with undercurrents of terror.
The tree fell for the king.
Few stories today, Monday saps creativity.
The hibiscus tea leaves unfurled slowly
I've lost the human race.
This is definitely not pecan pie.
The city that never sleeps, slept.
I can see rain falling backwards
My thoughts whisper about impossible realities.
My thoughts scream about absurd realities.
They... intimated midnight was... puzzle time.
Outraged! The beaten path struck back.
Life shouldn't imitate your dreams... right?
Why do I stutter around you?
Pluto, a planet? More at six!
I'll stop bringing hope or despair.
Plutonic love felt, through words read.
Jeeze this fruit tart is shiny.
Okay okay. I'll try. Deep breaths.
Please be gentle with being terrifying.
I drink your bitter tea, alone.
Masked militia/tanks cross into Tijuana.
Revealing revelations ruined the truly righteous.
Very overwhelmed. My life's beyond strange.
She works best with her hands
Hand-written, signed, admission of guilt.
He rocked my world , still shuddering.
Buttercream frosting was whipped into shape
I wish I could protect myself...
At least the couch is comfortable...
He does not respect someone's partner..?
The lime got involved with coconuts
I murder people in my thoughts.
The pickle fell and walked away
Please be my friend kind stranger!
I'm gonna nap and eat cookies.
Revolver, each word, bullet. Shoot six!
When in doubt, kill the Buddha.
Census taker, Fava beans, and Chianti
When in doubt, wear two condoms.
When in doubt, open #3 envolop.
"Don't let's." / "Laissez faire."
His little girl never woke up.
Am I in trouble with you?
I'm sorry. I meant no ill.
Titillating tales of tender torture told.
" I'd never threaten you." She admitted.
Last chance to forget me babe.
He donated his wheelchair, then danced.
I wish I become a kid again.
I wouldn't dare threaten! Just info...
Carrying: knives, telescopic baton and taser.
Carrying: 2 knives, telescopic baton, taser.
FYI my weapons aren't for you.
You farted zero gas clouds. Next.
One last cigaretteone last cigarette.
"Forgets password," generates email. Less lonely.
Hope left. As it always does.
A weed smoking, masturbating crazy fool.
I was just a stupid conquest.
The universe is hostile, yet serendipitous.
Her cries echoed through unimpressed valleys
Life continued for those left behind.
"HELP WANTED" but no longer available.
She was subjected to objective pitfalls
She was punished for her efforts.
Every misstep leads to a destination
The possibilities, it seems, were imagined.
Once... there was this boy who,
I should've called, but I didn't.
She gave all. He wanted more.
As punishment, you'll be forever.
She was an empty gift card.
The llama wiggled and danced along
Casting the pen aside, he sobbed.
The cobblestone generator worked on repeat
as Maybe Tomorrow plays within background...
As *Maybe Tomorrow* plays in background...
Sticky, sweet, golden... running down chin...
Her blood ran cold. He's here...
I escaped a predator. Thanks brain!
No more looking for dead people.
I forgot to call on purpose.
Who are you when youre alone?
It was always her, just her.
How many hints did I miss.....?
Thank you David! Thank you David!
Tried something new. Enjoyed it immensely.
Tried something new. I *loved* it.
She crossed every line I drew.
We're possessed by what we've lost.
Remember when it used to rain?
Tired, wagging tail. Our lives part.
For Sale: Vaccination card. User deceased.
The derelict schoolbus laid there, dormant
Merciful carnivorous overlords abduct without notice.
Crying over this splintered time-line.
The balloon held his final breath.
Spinning cylinder: Click. Try again tomorrow.
"Getting better takes time", she lamented
Wish I could love you less
I am both strong and weak
Antibronnestachmeneophaons are nothing like Antibronmnestachmeneophaons, "Professor"!
I must [re]focus on my best.
My stories and poems are incantations.
The gun didn't fire. I'm saved.
My older sister never believed me.
The crocodile didn't answer their cellphone
Unicorns embroidered their horn hats merrily
Chunky pandas danced to disco music
Sorry for trying to be nice
shoes that werent made for standing
Dinner date, going commando. Long story
I just cannot hold any resentment...
Chocolate milk pitter pattered from above
Together they sat on toadstool seats
Lemon trees lined the garden exterior
A fountain adorned the garden's center
She showed her mind garden off
Who's there? Oh, it's just you.
As with any healing... slow &amp; steady.
As with anything... slow and steady.
Mind of fire. Body to match.
"There's a hole in your chest!"
I dont love you anymore babe
Is anybody else tired of trying?
Hedonism: cop out for the weak.
Conversation with elderly woman bolstered spirit.
Dreams of twinkling stars adorn skyscrapers
Wish you were my childhood friend.
You killed him... my best friend.
Were connected on a deeper level.
China occupies Afghanistan. Russia, America laughs.
You took away my best friend.
Happy Birthdays whispered to a grave.
He's a kind, caring, sexy badass.
Celibate and content waiting for you.
My problem is I never healed.
Babe, do you own a plunger?
Bachelor buying tampons considers chocolate bars.
I don't internet the important stuff.
You think we talked. We didn't.
Mushrooms grow under a shady tree.
Waiting around for you is unrealistic.
Youve been here before, my child
This time we weren't going home.
I can't remember her face anymore.
I guess I just felt like
I guess I just thought that
Soft heart, emotional breadth, deep love
She wants love she doesn't have
Hope you can make someone happy...
Sea of faces, floating to you.
Hope you've lost that extra weight...
They packed their life in cardboard
She wants loyalty she can't give
Long time friends reunite, happy future.
Basically, I'm Caitlin Ryan from Degrassi
Watched Paul die, slowly. Felt nothing.
My trainee thinks I'm a hardass.
The werewolf danced with the witches
I need money, therefore I become.
I need money, therefore I am.
Was it intuition? Are you sure?
I need money. Thus I am.
Dude... he should really be committed.
The ax/ex hanging over my head......
Suicide note untouched and dust covered.
I'm mortified that you know everything.
They drowned in a submarine cabriolet.
Stop watching me struggle. It's embarrassing!
Have mercy and finish me please.
I'll fight you and I will lose.
Each played separately. Both had fun.
Her husband ignores her. I dont
Her husband ignored her. I dont
Arise Arch-angel! The Trinity has synchronised!
I can feel my health declining.
Sometimes, I'm a pillar of salt.
I once believed in him wholeheartedly.
Feels like I'm running in quicksand.
9. Ace. Ace. 9. All in?
Sex, lies, videotapes, &lt;&lt;&lt;rewind&gt;&gt;&gt;, love, promises
Little shiny dude. Jasmine Something Buttfuckeridge.
Plastic artifacts confirm prehistoric interplanetary civilization.
Overwhelming sadness hits hard upon remembering.
He wants her body and soul.
Hope you ponder me while dying.
Told her truth suffered greatly, reasonably
You will be dead to me.
After four months , she is free.
Tonight, he finally let her go.
Why cant we try again tomorrow?
You just sealed your fate, criminal...
His parents really didn't parent good...
The noun verbed the adjective noun
Diversion of medication is a felony
Self referencing self others referencing otherselves
{(Eternal Return [Eternal Return]) Eternal) Return}
Baby shoes. Never worn. Stolen goods.
Six nuns and a shotgun. Word!
His parents didn't parent him good.
His parents never parented him good.
Lunar lullabies carried them to sleep
Just catch me already. I'm exhausted.
Mossy mounds are her blanket now.
My comments stroke the most egos!
Go find someone else to traumatize.
[I hired (the assassin] betrayed me.)
The forest greeted the witches gently
Lets have a magick fight eh!
I'm the witch in the woods.
She's holding out for a hero.
Don't think he's following me anymore...
"She's so stubborn!" "No, she's smart..."
I imagine if he hadn't erred...
"Boo!", she shrieked as she leaped
The stone turned red with blood
Should I look over my shoulder?
What do you want from me?
You started this mess. End it.
Ten-thousand years down, seventeen to go.
Six words designed to arouse intellect.
Will you - dare to be aware?
Tell me Im beautiful she pleaded.
A robot learns how to quit.
If you seek Amy, come inside.
Society has it all ass backward.
One day I'll be happy.... right?
Ships that pass in the night
Hope one day... I'll be happy.
Hope one day I'll be happy.
I feel immense disappointment over him...
The clear sky swallowed their craft
I'm lonely. Need a close friend.
Angry? Try "Scream into The Void"
How to pack for a funeral
Hijab dropped down from the C-17.
Hijab dropped down from the C-13.
When the day is getting shorter.....
His retirement plan was a bullet.
Was that shortcut worth it? Well...
The time for change is yesterday
The stone sword cut down God
Middle age coward acting younger online...
The metal crusher gnashed jagged teeth
When deadly loneliness strikes, fight back
somewhere in the land of uncomfortable
Yellow butterflies poured from their ears
Butterflies poured from their ears
Good metaphor; Taliban riding bumper cars.
They sweltered under the Saharan sun
tongues of paper, lungs of stone
Zebra lost in action, stripes earned
Who was the disgruntled looking blonde?
The toaster eyed the old man
Empathy. My abuser wants empathy... HA!
Fuck off with your lucid dreams.
Wish I never settled for Homer...
She's cheap entertainment for insecure men.
Marmalade eyes glazed over buttered toast
Came with dog. Left without him.
Pawn the heart, take my dollar.
His bedside manner is fucking atrocious.
God drowned in the primordial ooze.
"Lemon" by Jubyphonic played on repeat
The golden flower giggled a hello
His actions hindered her mental capacities.
Unending loop in the frozen forest.
The llamas square danced at midnight
a liquified brain, a pured heart
Indebted to my real life angels.
Why her, he uttered, silently mourning
Body parts, sorted by trauma type.
Turmoil lulled in bright humming aisles.
Anti climatic reunion. She expected fireworks.
Fear; he chooses to remain behind.
Will you come back to me?
Men scared of themselves? I'm done.
You threw a pinecone at me.
Anger forms weapons. Love heals wounds.
She doesn't make same mistakes twice.
Persistence of Time. Maybe I'm melting.
Yall love Paul? Paul loves yall!
Now that you know me better...
Didn't mean hide aspects of myself.
In the future... we'll communicate better?
Stabbed to death in a library.
A simple hop for rabbit's ascent
A simple hop and the rabbit ascended
Debridement on a gasoline fires skin.
Maybe you just have animal magnetism
Massive mastodon dong casually strikes gong.
I don't want attention; truth instead.
Why, why, why, why, why, why?
"It's a breeze!", said the weatherman
We ate Dads leftovers for dinner.
Please don't tell me you'll stay
Please don't say, "I love you!"
Lemonade cascaded from the pitcher gracefully
The juror deliberated, punishment? Or justice?
I hate myself. That is all.
Prosecuted in the court of introspection.
An unwilling audience of one relented
A suicide note, thrown away carelessly.
He arrived late to the afterparty.
The lemur pressed the snack button
In private, the soullessness suited them.
Simulation of humanity maintained brand image.
You and I are not living
The capybara sprawled out quite lazily
Catatonic Cthulhu mistaken for church statue.
Meticulous manifestations milled about the lawn
They lost a bit of confidence.
Coke dropped directly on white vans
Pew pew department of justice pew.
Who said it: Republicans or Taliban?
Government bans itself from banning itself.
You scarred my nose. Your turn...
You scarred my nose. You're turn...
Matters of space had her fascination
The couple fought over porcelain penguins
The bees bumbled along the flowers
Nothing happened, except online, until... Now...
Accepted challenge met, he smirked, reclining.
Secret sweets hidden round the house.
Adulting is too hard. I quit.
Have my car back legally now.
The chainsaw ripped through his torso.
Six-word murder stories, she wrote.
What can I say? I'm surviving.
A succubus has taken my virginity.
Endless lockdowns make indoors unsafe anymore
Anger is my weakness to conquer.
Smoked pleasant trees after exchanging pleasantries.
He loathed existing as a her.
He loathed living as a her.
Pocket galaxy or powdered sugar donut?
"Name"? I've never heard that word.
Name? I've never heard that word.
The lobsters clacked menacingly; a fight
Smiles smile smiley smiling smiles smilingly.
Hello John, I am Paul McCartney
The water splashed for no reason
In the bath, ask your dad.
They roller skated on Jupiter's rings
She feels grateful for so much...
The box full of spiders broke
Solar flares danced over the doppler
Mommy turned junior into a narcissist.
They triumphantly voted for their plight.
Their empathy was strategic personal branding.
Freedom: reenactment of simulation of intimacy.
Terror! Action! A blockbuster about Mothra
"Murder does NOT turn me on!"
The cosmic twins reached towards eachother
"You can't scare me!" She challenged.
We ALL stole your cover-art, bitch.
Trees feast on a broken death.
I made MYSELF judge, jury &amp; executioner (lol!)
Hope he does the right thing...
The cauliflower rice sat there, uneaten
You should really turn yourself in.
Good women don't want snoopy men.
Black blueberries dispensed. I wasn't nice.
Baking cookies. Dancing in the kitchen.
Maybe you were my only happiness?
Not today moss. Not today.... - Sisyphus
That's one HEARTY butt flank steak!
DAMN, that penis FUCKED that vagina!
Freddie said her pores were fixated?
Waited too long, pizza rolls burnt.
Afghanistan defeats extraterrestrials, again. Humans optimistic.
There's a rodent up my ass.
I'm literally beggjng at his knees.
Anyone else get fucked by government ?
Lucid dreams: a safe disturbing playground.
Hoping for exciting lucid dreams tonight.
Total darkness enveloped her... she screamed!
He kissed her picture... tears streaming.
The door slammed... his cellmate smiled.
The droopy dinosaur drooled on everything
Blah blah blah blah, natural lottery
Once a cheater, always a cheater?
Sprite has six letters in it
The mustache was given a twirl
Desperate to flee, the engine stalled.
His legs ached, summit in sight.
The door opened, she shuddered violently.
The pony danced to disco music
Hobbies include: distorting perceptions of reality
The planets heated as they formed
No Kabul? No films. No songs.
I overcompensate... blah blah, hurr durr
Magician's rabbit stew makes appetites disappear
I have six million... blah blrgh.
The stars collided in a galactic clash
I know doctors... lawyers... blah blah.
How many others are you deceiving?
The toast faced the floor, defeated
The seagulls circled, butts loaded "Engage"
She misses her best minecraft friend
Lost in desire, swallow a grenade!
He lives on just for her...
Pray - but with your eyes open.
Pray. But with your eyes open.
Mother's doctor is negligent. Elder abuse?
I wonder if he beats her?
Experience Machines are ethical for everyone.
Wind demon knocking at your door.
I bite my lip when nervous.
Greedily boxing its mandible palps, smiling.
Attempted mugging. Victim nonchalant. Too risky.
A forbidden kiss destroyed their relationship.
Business: buying arms from the enemy.
Left for dead only to survive.
The spider eyed her bakery carefully
There *are* other feelings, besides love.
I observed a voyeur stalking me.
Wanting frequent validation is not healthy.
Wanted: my own Cory and Trevor.
pfizer shot got me fucking sick
Her spirit's not dead... Not yet.
Why can't they just love me?
Feels pointless screaming into the void.
It's pointless screaming into the void.
But there wasn't air, only water
More truth irked the delusional criminal.
"Cold neutrality of an impartial judge."
Misery loves company. Company loathes misery.
INT. HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON. FOGGER MIRROR
Screaming into the void is pointless.
I'm frustrated by everything left unsaid.
You haunt me everywhere I look.
I resent being angry at you.
I will tremble like a flower.
Middle aged man should've known better.
Hope glimmers just out of reach.
Sick of everything always being difficult.
I won't tremble like a flower....
I am always on your side.
Rage boiled her blood. It's him....
Rage boiled her blood, *It's him*.....
Current trainee is probably getting fired.
He truly decimated my self esteem.
I know what I should do.
Seems he's for nonethical animal testing...
You can't arrest me! I'm American!
Your wife deserves your undivided attention.
If the Coronavirus was part of modern biblical plagues, what else do you think we can expect?
Why lie if it still hurts?
He prefers them dead; fewer surprises.
You know I will fight you...
Fallout has blackened out the sun.
"I'm working late again," she lied.
Boxed in, Schrdingers cat plans revenge
His prostate massage released the genie.
I have never seen the sun.
Wasnt fit to lick her boots
You're the owner? Cool. Pay me.
10 hours deep-fryer sounds for sleeping.
I want to heal from everything.
I want to heal from everything.
Toilet paper? That was poison ivy.
constantly swiping but theyre not you
The enlightened mystic refined his bullshit.
Not existing seemed the better option.
Bound, ready, the silence speaks volumes.
A never-ending tale of broken promises.
Ill defeat you! And you are?
Maybe next year! became annual tradition.
I want to burn in hell.
Beethoven began with just one note.
Was a real horse once... "Mezzanotte."
Vaccinated Californians replace Texas'/Florida's populations.
Her jealousy is misdirected but apt
"I" / "Deal!" / *Handshake* / "Name's S... tan."
Sociopathic Sadist Severs Sleeping Strangers Sac
Open mic night; unreal stage fright.
Everybody returns to work, for free.
Sprained my toes, walking is hard.
Signed agreement without reading the terms.
My last horrified gasp echoes- "Jolene"
Dressed only in moonlight ; blood beckoned.
The whole Internet is its' face.
You're right; you're scared. So scared...
Have you known me to waver?
Im not perverted. Im just Italian.
After the war, the battle begins.
He [secretly] loved her [sister[-in-law]].
He [secretly] loved her [sister[-in-law].
Imaginary deadlines cost them their lives.
Work swear words: duck, truck, bananas.
The fucking irony. I am ordained.
Points. Says, "cows!" *Every. Damn. Time.*
I finally caught her red handed.
I found more messages from you.
I love admiring my beautiful body
Cheered dad taking his first steps.
Murder podcasts help keep me focused.
A man of the cloth now.
She blinked. Centuries passed, empires fell.
I didn't want to be fixed.
I didn't want to be fixed.
How worried/scared should I be ?
Careful, we were almost speaking again
Reminiscing about my lost childhood friend...
Almost (almost....) stopped stalking you today.
I couldnt stop watching the horror.
Violence became the answer once again.
-El tren esta acercando!- "Speak English!"
Its teeth were the last thing
Less Dune. More Pootie Tang sequels.
He got tired of deceiving himself.
Burping contest disaster. No air con.
Stop pretending life doesnt terrify you.
The genies lamp was a dildo.
She couldn't stop lying to herself.
I was nothing but a pet.
Ive got six words for you:
The condom broke. Its a ware-anteater.
One night doesnt make you gay.
America: Well, you know the rest.
It's weird to supervise other people.
It's weird to supervise other people.
For Fucks Sake, Michelle! Im Sorry.
To Blackmail a murderer is life-endangering
Is that all we really meant.
The medication stabilised her mental state
I'm a bit of a rule breaker.
I promise I will be brave...
I love you. say it back.
I never intended that! God said
Sorry... I had those nightmares again.
He proves himself through his actions.
Weekend's over. Road trip back home.....
Running away... straight into his arms.
Running... ending up in his arms.
Running... ending up in your arms.
I didn't mean anything by that!
To him, her life was entertainment.
"Now, you know everything about me..."
Why does it smell like jizz?
Differences between male and female gaze.....
The lunar harvester sat there, unserviceable
The lunar harvester sat there, unserviceable
Our generation is stealing the future
Dont believe in manifesting? Fruit flies.
All lost. Most forgot, some learned.
Live for them, for they cannot
Our flight capabilities are useless here.
I need not needing only wants.
Mirrors mimic you, not your pain.
Delusion of belief --&gt; Resilience and relief.
Empathy??! Have empathy for your mother...
The Paralympics should be held first.
I can't trust your selfish judgements.
"People aren't demons! Go to therapy!"
"Literal shitstorm on the horizon, prepare"
POV: bird's eye vs worm's eye
I hate this version of myself.
I cannot escape this muddy pit.
She conducts Magick with Words.
The wunderkind crushed, its father smirking.
My BUTT is getting Huge TOO
Fuck you! Heres your fucking cheese!
Flash of connection, elevated to sacred.
Petals fluttered across his mind's eye.
Stuck. I will never receive closure.
I peed like a ray source.
Today I joined Mensa... on reddit.
Mom's slow cooker Oxtail. I'm home.
Everyone is stricken. Its too much.
Like a Toblerone commercial gone wrong.
The last elephant died. Youre welcome.
Surrounded by allies, knight smothers me.
The bully answered the suicide hotline.
He's my Wildebeest. I'm his kitten.
Got the back-to-reality blues.
I got back-to-reality blues.
I got back to reality blues.
Forest-ocean possible with continued progress.
You will always be my baby
Badly folded world fits in pocket.
Contingent absolutes are poison in love
Emotional support dog killed my dad.
What is love to the unloved ?
He has only memories of memories.
Her faded beauty reveals hidden character.
No flowers adorn my father's grave.
Unrequited love; now choosing own destiny.
Loved slow dancing in the kitchen.
They stayed together because of you.
Today's Peloton is tomorrow's coatrack.
The key that unlocked my heart.
He continues to mind fuck me.
I wish grandma raised you better.
People hate me for being right. (lol)
"Shut up and leave me alone"
I cant sleep without you
Epic erases us, uses a recipe.
"Please, no more", she begged them
She wanted the spirits to leave
Typical criminal... Typical attempts covering tracks...
You would never hurt me... right?
Warning! The pods are cloning lawyers!
The bees buzzed inside her head
Her hounds slipped past with malice.
Trace or chase? Heh. Arrogant fool...
She's one who thunders after injustice.
"Please leave me alone" she lamented
The spirit ruined her daughter's life
They hunt and gather likes now
Siblings should say something sweet sometimes
The zombie phone sat there, menacingly
Tree people would like a world
"Hurt" by Nine Inch Nails, mood
Keep your friends after they're gone.
I bit off my right hand
Heroic stranger's heart dances within me
Heroic stranger's heart dances in me.
Dont forget my name! pleaded whatsisface.
My Mom is enjoying (s)mothering me !
The neigh sayer kept horsing around
"Into the stream of silence, they....
Denial. Anger. Bargaining. Depression. Acceptance. Repeat.
I... just... have to... keep... moving.
The cocoon was familiar. Progress wasn't.
Restraint. So much god-damned restraint.
For them, forever ended too soon.
The eggs were ready to terminate
Her Dr.Pepper scented hair glowed softly
The consistent hiccup of the engine...
"Pressures on, know were gonna beat you"
Friendship carries on through the ages
"Friendship carries on through the ages"
"Nothing stays the same for long"
One last memory: "I love you..."
Why was I never good enough?
Turns out depression may be contagious
Unlike Pluto uploaded a new song
The sedative worked its sleepy magic
Why was I kind to him?
Sick &amp; tired of feeling sick &amp; tired.
I didn't win the cookie competition.
He stared. She followed. They came.
The two sisters reconnected over cats
You must all be so happy.
You must all be *so* happy.
None are before me... except you
She was guided by the music
This space is all mine. Aaaaaahh!
The hungry cat eyes grandma's corpse.
Screams erupted from the vacant cabin.
Im in love with you, Mel
The spirit convinced her of wrongdoing
Motivational speaker collects paychecks and souls.
Ghosts from the past terrorized her
The world crumbles before our eyes
Accepted faults. Unblocked parents. Healing together.
We were not people, but commodities.
Realized hang-ups. Unblocked parents. Healing together
He menacingly traced her parted lips.
Frantic palpitations; panic flooded her body.
Vague memory of a favorite playmate...
Her breathing slowed and she relaxed.
She focused on her body's sensations.
I erased Linda from my memory.
Lost in between reality and delusion.
Reality is meant to be broken.
Became Olympic athlete to declare asylum
"Daddy," she articulated. Two men turned.
Bravery without fear is not bravery.
Road trip to see my Mom !!
She fasted against her best wishes
A lovely day to run away
The trouble was not in paradise.
We used to be so close...
They shared a piece of gum
Turns out, she was a man.
Look up "Cheesecake truck" by King Missile
They traversed the Milky Way together
The sunburn needed some aloe vera
The chicken sizzled in the pan
The ping dragon became a detective
The pancake was flipped with expertise
She still cares about her friends
The llama lord ruled his realm
She sang the song about fireflies
Where the fuck are you babe?
The blade dragged down his wrist.
A portal opened. Hell came through.
Serene city skylines in apoptotic conditions
Forever, a word not a reality
"Please..." she whimpered through exhausted breath.
Hey you, I'm your friend forever.
I am scared of the 'tree'
A day or more of fasting heals
She waited patiently for her prescription
Upon being cornered, I retaliate. Hard.
All her friends decided to leave
His companion was a mouse girl
The llama lord scouted a companion
"Nobody will have radio privileges now"
Mustard tater tots fell from above
"Things will get better", he pleaded
An unkind echo chamber followed her
"California Love" bopped as they strolled
The llama lord went through regeneration
"There will be a day for us"
There will be a day for us
Bad boy, good guy, choices...choices....
This one is a goodie, promise !
Exasperated, he stopped indulging her insecurities.
No one rules if nobody obeys.
She ventured into hell for him.
I showed you all my scars.
He really thought he was psychic
The plumbob crowned her forehead crest
They were making bacon pancakes together
Why cant I let you go?
The llama lord prodded her mind
Someone in the network became pregnant
I'm not good at staying pregnant.
Her love spoke louder than words.
"Forget me, please, I blocked you"
"Your loved ones have been mangled"
Her love spoke louder than words.
There are free masons in space
They requested "Hype by Tokyo Machine"
They requested "Hype by Tokyo Machine"
The chapter struggled to stick around
The way we used to be...
"I remember every second with you"
You are my light that never fades
The sniffer dog always adores me
"What are you even seeing now?"
"I can't go home till it fades"
A pained smile was shared between them
His horn rimmed face turned slowly
Painting a scene for Painted Dreams
"Welcome, finally, to art-school, Adolf!"
Alexa! Upgrade your Love algorithm now.
Own your mistakes immediately. Be accountable.
Wait. You just said NOT to.
This story exists in brains now
This story's in your brain now
Death points at clock, "it's time."
Views on my Only Fans: 0
Wanna hold the hand inside you...
"Stay safe..." The murderer softly whispered
Inside my mind I am God
Sleepless nights help with your spells
The lofi lulled them to sedation
"Nothing serious" - I hope he knows.
The footprint that destroyed a religion.
None of it was actually real
Shes like, in like with me.
she never knew i watched her
but nothing would stop the screaming.
"You can't pass without sufficient identification."
Explain your intentions demanded her dad.
Aqueous emissons cascaded from quiet eyes
"Something ate my baby", she cried
He developed rules. He violated them.
Eighty pages makes two hour movie.
A mere ant, unseen, stepped on.
Going to art museum to decompress.
Stubs for fingers plays online billiards.
Alarm clock rang. Explosion right after.
Crying softly, she began to dress.
Fear replayed the surgeons fatal move.
She watched as her life crumbled
Ive nothing to lose fuck it!
Clear are his patterns of selfishness.
Pleads of consent filled the room
One two three four oh shit.
The overthinker gets what he deserves.
The overthinker got what he deserves.
Put the needle on the record.
He was never there for me
a digital sin eater finds redemption
Butbutthats different! (Rolling eyes)
text when home safe! [&gt;&gt;96w ago]
"Happy birthday to me," I said.
You're unique, just like everyone else.
I wish you everything. Be okay...
Greetings from our hot nostalgic future.
Your smile could heal my soul.
He lived in a sex cult.
Your self awareness, total turn on.
You, ...definitely do spark my joy !
She left early, avoiding necessary chatter
My best six-word sexual experience? Well....
I have a basketball game tomorrow.
She smiles coyly. My knees collapse.
Sensual rapture, only a dream away.
I wish you loved me, too.
You do not spark my joy.
The beholder swiveled around the lair
Her gaze - like a wild tiger.
War with a poem, haiku slaughter
All the crocodiles went square dancing
Reconsider unemployment. The competition is fierce.
Her buddies don't play nice anymore
Maybe the friends were actually enemies
I didn't mean to destroy him!
Should've stayed in the shallow end...
You fool, I am already dead!
They kept stealing her favorite toy
I'd eat glass to see you
With a whimper, it truly ended
.....but, the sex was too good....
The Amazon guy rang three times.
The dark side has more fun.
Learn; no one will reach out.
They drank her blood with glee
Our universe is a human mind.
Reposition the rabbit ears for clarity
A blanket with poinsettias and leaves
Ghosts don't kill, but demons do.
We all have Hopes and Dreams
Pay them peanuts, you get monkeys.
The god of hyperdeath greeted her
The skeleton touched her funny bone
Hold my drink, and watch this.
The phantom disappeared into the shadows.
Some sweet midsummer cherries to split
The tater tots skipped along merrily
She loves; all his darkest desires.
Lets skate through a hadron collider!
I love her hate for me.
With apologies, you're a free man.
They performed a simple mind meld
Her heart was in the wrong
Stream of consciousness: best binge-watchable show.
"Quarter Pounder?" I hardly know her!
Baking for a cookie competition tomorrow.
Dreams of the sunshine state reign
Office party raged, two slipped away
See your fingerprints around my soul.
Another fight happened, my fault again.
Drinks to celebrate. Not to commiserate.
Oops, I did it again. Again.
Shape shifting assassins fall in love.
Bustling against millions, each exists alone.
Seeking muse, let's create beauty together...
Wasting time regretting former wasted time.
The baker eyed the nervous beaver
The zebra gum contains zero stripes
The muffin man played lunar hopscotch
Humpty didnt believe in white fragility.
The words white fragility offend him.
Home: The Belly Of The Beast
If tears don't fall... doesn't count.
A rockstar on the radio waves
"Beware the wolf man", she said
She woke up but kept dreaming
After death, he opened a door.
He learned how to fly planes
The incline continued to increase infinitely.
Nobody to love me, both cried
He's just a scared inauthentic criminal.
I've many reasons to remain silent.
Taken advantage of in every sense...
I was selfless, kind... exploited, trampled...
He was her trusty sword
A locket, a memento of heart
Lunar harvesting machines worked in sequence
The hotdog princess drank liquid smoke
They played duck hunt till dawn
The moths collaborated to catch flame
Terrible sounds will mark your spirit
Soon the ducks will come home
King Arthur's Percival took his seat
Happiness is like a train it stops.
Bored. Creating games in my head.
Born to lose, I'll play anyway...
Reaching nirvana was a tragic mistake.
In dark places creativity is conceived.
Have to out ninja kitten ninjas
This is where I truly belong.
That could've been you. But, no.
His trauma grew into his religion.
Carry yourself like handling with care
Delivery. Explosion. Grief. Infiltration. Betrayal. Revenge.
Reminiscing about you. Miss you Dad.
Maybe they're worth it. Maybe not.
Leave it where you first looked
Anxiety marred her path through life
Hell rose, heaven fell, life continued.
The mountain shook. A scream, silenced.
The dogs fought over the toy
Fecundity follows the massacre of decay.
You've done nothing... YOU'VE DONE NOTHING.
You'll never have my heart again.
I would look good on you.
The apocalypse came. Nothing happened. Rebuild?
Her hilted blade was a warning
She went looking for a lighthouse.
I promise to stop making assumptions.
Please forgive me for lashing out.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean that.
Counting the hours till the Tower
Confused animals clung to a rock.
Me? I fought tooth and nail.
Seeking understanding, they mostly entertained voyeurs.
She has a pup named Wolfy
Ugliest truth beats prettiest lie always
She wanted to feel more feminine
It's torture. You knowing all this...
The antipsychotics allowed her to dream
The truth sure hurts, doesn't it?
I cant keep pretending Im better
The mosquitos bit her several times
"Yap yap yap" Chihuahua for dinner?
She cornered the poor cheesecake boy
The cheesecake went for a stroll
Yellow is the color of happiness
They burbled out a fishy greeting
I apologize for my rotten existence
They ruled their colony in unity
Music made the universe, never rested.
Geo Daddy smited the whole server
Stars shine. When the sun doesnt
I loved him more than myself
Insanity crept inside, smile shined outside.
Tired of getting back to okay
Any nightmare but that, he dreamed
She still stands to wipe butt.
"Help! My mom is haunting me"
The briar witch grew some plants
At one point, fighting seemed pointless
Darkness devours my soul. You're welcome.
Darkness swallows my soul. Your welcome.
I'm depressed. It's temporary. I'm fine.
Slow release of caffeine from coffee...
Crochet. Coffee. Contentment beyond any measure.
Nobody enforced the laws of gravity.
Ube pancakes with maple syrup. Delightful.
Rival's "Just Breathe" woke her up
Simple pleasure, slapping paint onto wood
My mind is mine no longer
"She literally writes fiction for fun."
"Berk berk berk", dog or dragon?
The mosquitoes had a delicious meal
Jake and Jacob are rowdy boys
She was pestered without an end
She casually flipped the burnt pancake
She loves the world, good and bad
She loved the world, good and bad
A brain in a water cooler
The knife went chop chop chop
The creeper went "BOOM BOOM BOOM"
Octopus arms races on the rise
The cattle prod hummed quite contentedly
Just Breath by Rival woke her up
Greek food speaks to my soul
At a loss for six, unimaginative.
Small numbers seem so large today.
So hard not to catch feelings
The manatee docked in shallow waters
She bites her lip: Vampiric passion.
A lunar salutation from outer space
His soul now rots unto decay.
They duct taped the broken sky
The cigarette smelled like Sea World
A saffron field with strawberry skies
Seven young kids go to camp
The cyber rat was dragged out
"Where do you see yourself, Buttercup?"
Madness takes form where sleep evades
He whim whammed the flim flam
Imparted a parabola of parodoxical parables.
Slow motion makes the water dance
MaMa spoke to all of Peachtree
Being led up a garden path
A psychic Judge is handy indeed
Judge Dredd brought justice and order
Just Dredd brought order and law
Judge Dredd brought order and law
She won gold in sleep competition.
Dev notes: collision removal= mass hysteria.
Consider me your other victims' voice.
Your other victims; I'm their voice.
Any hobbies beside deceiving the innocent?
Super stoked for Giallo film marathon!
He's a liar, through and through.
Hitman fuckup becomes deus ex machina.
He made sure it was dead.
My priority; someone other than you.
Conduit to the world goes hum
The Video Killed The Radio Star
The fires of hell? Comparatively cold.
Two years since I been smooched
The sun shined down from heaven
"Your mechanical brain is going insane"
Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
Music Caressing breasts and drumsticks. Food
Silence isn't weapon, silence is shield.
Found love. Got robbed. Got married.
Corporation nations. Independent contractors. Secret plans.
Interstellar war on a microscopic scale.
I paid her. She robbed me.
Time does not run linearly here
Still check follower count on Insta
Her spots went all the way
Conquered doubt, conquered fear. Conquered failure.
As a Man Thinketh - James Allen
I'll never die! I'm Immortal! *Bang*
Darmok and Jalad on the Ocean.
Adrian broke, crying desperate, expecting forgiveness.
lol. You're the man now, dog.
Brunch date with my older sister.
Our love fell into mercys lap
Even in death the monster weeps
I'll never make spicy soup again
Like Sisyphus, ever scrapping a door
My wife stayed, prayed, saved me.
Sweet summer evenings, memory creating moments.
Why cant I sleep?, she pondered.
Pretend to me that I'm interesting
Somebody else's urine stains my trousers.
Death stalks you while you sleep.
... I think she might be alive.
Try not to idolize me, please.
The conveyor line, perpetual motion incarnate
We converted, for convenience and existence.
Reverberative mechanical humming surrounded the couple
Reverative mechanical humming surrounded the couple
You caused residual damage, vile monster.
Not leaving my house. Outside's scary.
Dear, your light has left you
to love is only to beg
Little black rain clouds floated along
For sale: Panties, Pics, Poon, Booty https://ibb.co/Ct2jnwH kik @annie.ti
Routine knee surgery killed my friend
Why do you watch me struggle?
Why do you watch my struggle?
The mailbox was overflowing with ads
Insane amounts information Chris Chan online
Trolling without blood is a-ok
The lemon wolf wants to live
You ruined the get-to-know.
A body part. A simple backdrop.
I know youre trouble biker chick
Move on, then pay it forward.
GTL, used for good or evil?
Youre the light in my darkness
Love shouldnt feel lonely, should it?
I let you hurt me, why?
My bed's empty, except for spiders.
Death is a prize worth losing.
Conspiracy theorist dialogics drunk stubers online
Cold dog wrapped in warm money.
Why am I having panic attacks?
Conspiracy theories make the soul drunk
Some days don't like to behave.
Critical thinking sword against conspiracy theories
Hostage to my mind, not him.
Ugh. I am stronger than this.
She realized she'd never be free.
Madness enlightens the soul; welcome it.
Neck tattoo? We arent currently hiring.
Were inside the crack in time.
We, first and last domesticated animals.
A Steely Dan morning, FM indeed!
God rested one day too soon.
God is dead- now Im here.
Your love falls short; its over
I had no time to help.
Who will save us from ourselves?
The duck walked up to the...
Marshmellow dreams soothed her tired soul
Eyes met across the parking lot
His eyebrows wiggled along his face
BETRAYED. BETRAYED. BETRAYED. BETRAYED. BETRAYED. BETRAYED.
I see dead people in selfies.
Their adversaries slowly descended into madness.
New Six is equal to seven: gov't
Kaleidoscope eyes met across the sea
God: Intelligent life was a mistake.
Midwestern skepticism used to be charming.
(Bad/good) man making very (good/bad) decisions.
The blanket briefly looked like him
Your words; truly devoid of credibility.
I have no reason for you.
Run far away, you naive bitch.
I still really pity his partner.
They lived in the palindrome world.
He explored nearby galaxy while dreaming.
Everything was visible, nothing was real.
Children die, grandchildren survive, isn't sellable.
You will become a distant memory.
Sinful guidelines adorned the manual
Druids surrounded the rotted stump
They danced at the inpatient clinic
Elon Musk is an amoral voidful
Elon Musk is an amoral voidful
Elon Musk is an immoral void
Elon Musk harvested souls for research
Elon Musk snorted the cat girl
Deep down, he knew whats happening.
As he rose, humanity fell silent.
The augmented reality waved a greeting
The cookie monster went to rehab
Deep inside I feel the fire
Help me end this sorry tale
Their foundation is built from deceit.
900 mg's later, I have transcended.
It is enough; I am enough.
Having escaped; I'll forever feel proud.
You have walked a lonesome trail
Time to open up our eyes
The monsters stirred their chocolate pudding
I will always be the survivor.
You too? What the actual fuck.
Phobophobic superposition quiets terror feedback loop.
This will always be their fuckup.
I had boundaries. They never cared.
Their illness; this was never love.
"How'd you find me?" She demanded.
Jeeze! Seriously? Both of you now?
Her fame ruined her inner peace.
Why did he eat their hands?!
It's sad, I enjoyed being raped.
The brothel smelled like wet cement.
Food for the soul is philosophy
That version of him isn't real.
Politics poisons the soul and spirit
Eyes paint a picture of the mind
The intoxication of stubbornness and selflessness
Evil is a candle getting snuffed
He who controls thoughts wins ultimately
Statements arent stories, said Jills mother.
Starting my path into philosophy alone
Lived within moment. They took advantage.
Emotions are powerful tools implemented right
Hindsight renders the big picture, clearer.
I'm your best second string friend.
I'm in the mood for rhyme
Take the silence as a sign
My bloated corpse will haunt you.
It seems I forgot my gun
Less trouser snake, more injured worm
Would love to hear the truth...
Window creatures danced, we welcomed mania.
Remember when we were best friends?
Rebel rebel, how could they know?-Bowie
All my fantasies are against laws.
Starved for touch, subsisting off loneliness
Another climate event signaling world's end
They have always been watching me.
Drama here, drama there. Drama everywhere!!
And then she just walked away
We all are moving through space.
Once upon a time there was...
My slipper fits like a glove.
The candlelight of the righteous world
The candlelight of the unrighteous world
Today, I walked through a wall.
Sunburn by Living Tombstone on repeat
Apparently she did have a heart
She doesn't understand what's going on
The glass slipper no longer fit.
He wanted small talk and banter
Youtube had been charged with the...
Oh no, I dropped my existence!
The taxidermist eyed another taxidermist
He controlled his tears in public.
Body is dead, mind is not.
Is love essential? Asked an A.I.
My daydream may be fake but...
You smiled and I got sunburned
Shame we never got that drink
Once upon a time the end.
Cats have a dark sense of humor
Panic again another night no sleep
Learning philosophy at my fingertips internet
I drink simply, to feel more
They listened to lofi all night
Three went out, two came back
Trainee needs to learn about bubbles.
Nice visit to my darker fantasies.
Show on the doll where President ....
The corpse is questioning my sanity.
Hope, or just hang on.
He spun around playfully, and died.
You got me like...just...dayumm!
The sardine squirmed on the hook
She offers pleasure and seeks security.
The plants were sentient all along.
I could make you stupid happy
Mindful messages course through rainbow veins
She had a technicolor marmalade mind
The ocean broke along the coast
Tired of having to be strong.
Gulls screeched like deflating rubber toys.
Autistic banter and dancing awaits
She had a stroke for real
Trump acts like Chris Chain away
Donald Trump is a hughe lolcow
She was the angel of death
Butter cult was a cognitive hazard
They danced to inpatient protocols
Driven to action, the lion reacted
Warm memories help maintain sanity
The pashmina dragon was quite possessive
The dolphin man just wanted friends
Memes don't make for good pets
She smiled quietly to herself
The circle of life goes on
She misses her dark wolf friend
A frequency surrounded the yellow wolf
The trees circled the clearing
The world bones, their wolfish charm...
Reddit is a fucking cruel place
Herb robert grew in the clearing
She had buttercups in her heart
A kaleidoscope emerald dragon awakens
She misses the cheesecake boy
"Let there be light."....................................................................................................................................................................................................... Camera. Action!!!
Awoken by a text of love
The black dog is watching me.
I only smile when I'm unhappy.
Insulin refugees flee to Canadian border
The warfare on reality and truth
Conspiracy theories enemy of rational thought
Pareidolia synesthesia, imagined flavors in woodgrain.
The curious wolf sniffed the ground
The corndog side eyed the mustard
A dog. Peanut butter. Endless options.
That's just intriguing. I say yes.
The lights dimmed for the opening act
The mirror image wiggled its eyebrow
Late night with green eyed lady.
The head spiders took a nap
Thankfully, I was running late today.
She had to leave her friends
"Knock knock" started the lame duck
The fish swam in the toilet
The hungry cheesecake boy drooled profusely
Let's split up and hide .... What?
Show on the doll where the President ....
Torment belongs to the desert. - Jung
Tanline on his ring finger. World discovered.
Build at night. Reset at morning.
Soy un perdido, I'm a loser....
Mandatory abortions mean schools are obsolete.
I come. I shit. I conquer.
You awakened desire, now reject it
The dentist office girl - what smile!!!
They finally replied: I got fired.
My therapist said this wouldn't happen.
Those look too pretty to eat
I truly hope you can heal
We come in peace - we're China......
Found a lump, no cure known
Oil changed and tires rotated. Bueno!
Covids bogus! He was only 37.
There's a power outage at work....
Waiting room,bad tv. Amuse me!
In the end, they died, offline.
Pure and unadulterated bliss eagerly achieved
Rain washes clean this wicked Earth.
I always carry condoms she offered.
Dark skies mourn your tragic loss.
"Kiss my lips." The pillow yields.
"Morning son," I tell the gravestone.
I gaze into her lifeless eyes.
Make a choice: left or right?
The pen has brought me inspiration.
So who judges the most judgemental?
You've never played team sports, eh?
Much you haven't deserved to hear.
Shut up. You big fucking nothing.
I just wish you were good.
Sphere of influence. Sphere of influence.
Not enough pages for our story
The new me, finds you inferior.
You are enough but Im young.
I love you but its over.
Would that the Animal-Me rest.
He started again and got it.
Standing still was a bad choice.
With sadness he recalled the future.
"You complete me." Translation? RUN.
I fought and fought and fight.
Creating narratives; not a good look.
My heart will never forget you.
Marital status, location, usernames Much confusion.
Are you fulfilled? Let me try.
Found that smell... and the cat.
Trust is hard to earn back.
Be warned; hanging doesn't always work.
Tonight, her cheating boyfriend didn't matter.
I'm sorry. There were no survivors.
I'm sorry. She didn't make it.
I really hope you're happy too.
Please, babe. Put the knife down.
Tried to fart, dribbled some pee.
He put peepee in my vaxx.
Our eyes locked and I understood
Your wants, my life, pick wisely
Without care or thought, she danced.
Feels like my body doesn't fit.
I have news, it's not good.....
Being a mere human is overrated.
She thought he was over her.
Earth is flat and Trump won.
Idleness-a treat or a curse?
The internal sadness almost consumes me
Doctors let deniers die. Vaccinated indifferent.
Hearts are common, beautiful minds however.....
Apathy gave way to hope. Misguided.
Look! The sun is rising again!
Stop scaremongering about the meteor, libtard!
Your chapter, in my book, complete.
Be great if you'd warned me.....
He asked, she lied. Both smiled.
Stalked. Now what? Feeling gross, violated.
When you wake, I'll be gone.
He turned 30, he felt old.
Keep silent. For me, for you.
Objective reality just hasn't included you...
Harvest the child. Erase their memories.
Windows rattle as the train goes.
I want to fucking kill her.
Here, summer skies are rarely clear.
I'll never deny my greatest supporters.
A good cocktail is a relationship.
The pressure kept building. Nothing helped.
The teeth kept on raining down.
Sunlight still shines through broken windows.
Just like that, her heart died.
Second effort-Reality killed my buzz
You don't like it? Too bad!
So many rules! Breaking them all!
SA Winter's day not for sissies
Inverse correlation between wonderment and information.
Thankfully no one was hurt... much
Man behind the curtain calling plays
Who put peepee in my coke?
In the void, falling is flying.
His words. Her voice. Destined collaboration.
Eagerly confessing, quite happy with consequences.
Crisp winter air unclogs tired lungs
In my fantasies, you said yes.
He breathed his last breath. Alone.
"An autopsy?!" Said the patient.
Youre flirting. We broke up. Remember?
Woke up from a coma. "Grand..Kid........?!!".
Saturday night-quiet, relaxing, peaceful. Unsettled.
Xo Bideng. He make joke. He ....
Wait here, I won't be long.
"Don't bite my toes!" She pleaded.
Contractions don't count as two words.
Was tickled mercilessly... my face hurts.
Ado surplus! Further, Nearer, both escalating.
Cool, I'm keeping my pants on.
Altocumuli cover the entire blue sky.
Greatest fear; losing my freedom again.
I have company, but I'm lonely.
"Tomorrow, I promisse". A decade passed.
I should probably do something today.
I just cheated. She's read this.
The bones brought the meat home.
Three little words? Nah, six please.
At least I have my insanity
Ineedalittlespace,dear
I'm nothing if not eternally curious
I have cookies, first one's free.....
Too many people, not enough love.
Lies are gripping, the truth appalling.
For sale: used underwear, light soiling.
We live for dreams not reality
"I'm alive!" Snopes Fact Check: False
Invisible? I still see you, dear.
Peeling back layers like an onion
So little talent, so much time.
"You're bi? Wanna threesome?" "Still no."
But what will the birds do?
I'm God. Thanks for creating me.
Ive already TRIED Athalon, thank you
Simultaneously developed ground coffee, cockroach allergies
The crows rescued the spelunking clowns.
Couldn't possibly happen, so it didn't.
Don't be the person squashing optimism.
Engulfed by flames, ready for rebirth.
Still grounded from playing with me?
Falling asleep while reading is delightful.
I ate too many granola bars.
Can I take a nap please...?
HELP US! Stitched into Gucci jeans
Scientists announce discovery of Love particle!
You cowered, I stood, We fell.
You're the only song I'll sing.
Died in his sleep, lucid dreaming.
Cold as a Polar Bears' balls.
The red moon glared at us.
Love me or let me out.
First date ended with a bang!
I thought it would hurt less.
Some things you must not lick.
Run your hands along my body
But hes straight and Im not
Truth remains silent while lies argue.
I'm a woman of simple needs.
My sex life: A short story.
In. Out. In. Out. All done.
can you imagine destruction without creation?
im here and you are not
you cant have front without back
yin or yang? its always both
be with you, as you are
There's something tragic about summer nights.
His hygiene practices revealed so much.
BUBBLE BROKE : there are smarter people
Subconsciously mithradatized myself from toxic love.
Soon finally came. What comes next?
Back to the start. Frustrated, confused.
Hipsters are Yesterdays Emo, different clothes.
Pulled headphones off. Music kept playing.
He craved love, she hated loneliness.
Perhaps not love, but its something
No, weve never met before.
Outta sight outta mind.... it's working.
Green. Yellow. Red. "Cancer... Four Months".
Under a frozen sea, we rise
Broken glass, bloody floors, open doors.
Satans dirty secret: he loved carnations.
Clip my wings, Im too free.
Gloves fit, for the first time.
Jokes on you. Im a multiuser.
Isn't that... something you can control?
Sweet dreams are made of bees.
Dad coughed up blood this morning.
If I weep, I pee WiFi.
Contract words to fit six words.
Intense yearning, body and soul ache
Body and mind ache for you
Laying beside him, thinking of you.
Do we have time for this?
I cant promise you love.
Another setback, is this the last?
"Curb your desires!", said the relationships.
Aliens visited, but went to Africa
First dates soured by marriage proposals.
Satan zippoed Gods self wrapped blunt.
Hypervigilance is a waste of time.
Control exists within the present moment.
Put egg up, pug, get up.
Hyper vigilance is wasting my time.
I'm less tense because I'm safe.
Never give up, it said wryly.
Don't mistake being friendly as flirting.
Not love she said protracted lust.
One cup of eye whites, separated.
Flushed, we drank serum in synch.
The parasite chorus began to ululate.
See you on the other side!!
Uninsured to paramedic, "let me die."
Blown away by her forceful opinion.
Love freely, cast a wide net.
Being afraid will not help me.
"Hard work", they claimed, concealing lineage.
Even years later, the threat remained.
Silly me, thinking you would change
Reality's rendering failed. World grows dark.
I felt his presence behind me.
The fox walked into the den.
Maturity deadens excess jealousy. Love redefined!
Would seven word stories be easier?
Next years model is flight capable.
Cant remember why I came here.
I can't remember how she smelled.
does it feel like true love?
Dad, you are NOT the father.
Thinking of you doesn't hurt anymore
You like flowers? Let them be.
No longer even thinking of you
Have a family, have no money.
Love you, but can't have you.
It came full circle, you square.
Finally, I began to drift away.
Love notes written in Goodwill paperback.
Love notes left inside Goodwill paperback.
Love notes left in Goodwill paperback.
Seasons circled to a familiar frustration.
She said she would never leave.
I love this thread, brings joy.
PTSD symptoms don't just go away.
Bubble wrap safely delivered bloody foot.
Intriguing new friend, teach me more!
Toxic portions of love, now dosing
Tattooing served to prove them unique.
Illegal immigrants create new republic: Texas.
Final meal? Her love turned cold.
Stop, to gaze at the sky.
I am lost in crowded rooms.
Old headscarf; still smells of her.
Cleaned house yesterday, everything already filthy.
The strict parents raised sneaky kids.
Dammit! Letting you bully me again!
My cock-sucking paid your daughters tuition
Hiding safely deep within my mind.
Forget those that don't value you.
With all this light shadows disappear.
Every person has a unique story
"OMFG!" Mary of Nazareth screamed loudly.
"First cup. First Blood. Battle starts." ( Monday morning coffee)
Is the blush off the rose?
"First cup. First blood. War starts." - Monday morning coffee
Jump, over the rainbow. Quick! Sand.
Shedishonestlyclaimed she was pregnant.
Free speech comes at a price.
I believe in life after birth.
Time treated her kindly. Me? No!
I see myself reflected in her
Took the motorcycle out! Limped home.
Grave approaches. Children estranged; novel unwritten.
I hear voices in my head.
There are voices in my head.
The sanctuary is denying your entry.
I wanted kids. Chef overcooked 'em.
Call it. Time of death: 0603.
I'm sorry. We couldn't save him.
Home is where I find you.
This pizza tastes like rat poison.
"Unrealistic specifications, check... Classified documents, check..."
I can't say I was suprised.
I guess trying isn't good enough.
It's 2:00am; please go to sleep.
I wanted kids. Unfortunately, she didn't.
I can't wait until you die.
I'll be here for youalways.
Bug off; I'm trying to die.
Pleasure packed weekend, moving towards goal!
They busted in the back door.
I dont owe you a thing.
Exhausted she collapsed at his feet.
Lonely night, another bottle left empty.
You sure paint a pretty picture
Her dog was allergic to me
Schrdinger's cat observed herself... universe rebooted
Finishes life, takes bow, drops mic...
OPEC+ is here to stay
Her mute screams shattered my heart
Bended knee. Dry mouth. Say yes!
Went sea kayaking. Flipped the kayak.
Actually knowing everything killed the cat
I can resist everything but you.
Emotionally available, my sleeve as proof
Gravity reversed, falling to the sky.
Aching soles. Broken heart. Blinding light.
Only six words are not enough
I'll light my own damn spark !
These drugs are super trippy, man.
Attention starved, I write inane stories.
Drinking to forget I'm not enough.
I lost something I never had.
He killed something that never lived
I lost something i never had.
Poked hole in condom. I dissappear.
That was before the heroin, obviously.
They werent stalagmites. They were teeth.
The centipede crawled inside his nose.
The parasite crawled into their eye.
My time is over, goodbye all.
Most people sleep, but not me.
Ego is the thief of success.
The oxygen began to run out.
Broken hearts seek to break others.
A sly smile enraptured him eternally.
Though physically broken, his will survived.
Though he'd passed, his cause survived.
They died how they livedtogether.
He died a martyrsaving millions.
Couldnt beat them. Didnt join them.
Puffs chest proudly, takes a fall.
Freeing herself from her own shackles.
Jane of all trades, mistressing none.
Fighting shadows with swords of light.
Psychedelics was next for human evolution
I watched it rip itself apart
Sadness fighting happiness. Which will win?
Chicken pot pie: my three favorites.
Love, I will be your mirror.
My inner demon is a ventriloquist
I fucked shit up and left
After that day, Im not yours.
Ah, Niccol, is that you again?
Hoping for relief she drove faster
Your love shattered my heartagain
I think I've stopped loving you.
My smile is not your right
Im not here smiling for you.
Lights off. Nobody home. Empathy vacuum.
I refuse to leave. She slumbers.
Genitals were everywhere, nobody was aroused
I think I know your secret
I hope your day is fantastic!
Reaching out into the void again
I called the Autism Support Line.
She gesticulated, titillating his primal urges.
"Same soup, warmed over," he said.
Maximizing pleasure became his life goal.
Inappropriately excited for strawberry rhubarb pie.
Reality snapped like a bra strap
Dad, Im gay. Hi gay, Im 
Maam, your childs growth is unsustainable.
I didnt want kids. She sobbed
Arranged marriage, but both were gay.
His attention elsewhere. Hers as well.
Her smile belongs to another man.
I dont want kids, she said.
Leave the nice men online alone.
My new laptop: "Welcome to BezOS"
Death: an unintended consequence of living.
First kiss. Fiery passion. Now divorce.
Where did I leave the baby?
Narcoleptic... "is that shadow getting closer?!"
Askance ant rants about stank plant  
Sleepy... is that shadow getting closer?
The rent is too damn high.
The last step was the hardest
Jeeze! Sand really does get everywhere.
Maybe we need to rethink normal
"You're about to die, my friend."
It's carnival. Masks bring mixed feelings.
Back tomorrow, like white on rice.
White lace adorns the demon. Divine.
Flat landscape is aborbing my soul.
Butt cramping from sitting too long.
I'm out of shoelaces and bubblegum.
Texted cheater, I replied to myself.
Titillating confusion, we play without rules.
Please dont tell me your dream
Rising river burst the banks remember
She floated out on viridian waves
Fireworks! No, gunshots! Oh god, run!
Stretched for years to blow myself.
Crimson rivers snake from her wounds
The intricate apricot lace teased him
Smile of recognition, that magenta dress.....
"Another day I don't care about."
Her hazel eyes glazed with fury
She pouted, pursing her pink lips.
Blackest night devours all life's children.
A fair face concealed dark intentions.
"I wouldn't know where to begin."
Moon wolf makes good lemon friend
Moon wolf Pepper pup look up
Moon moon wolf is a goof
A Rainbow Nation bleeds one color
Moon wolf is not a toy woman
Between head vs heart? Gut prevails.
Please gaze into my lifeless eyes.
...they'll probably reflect your black heart.
Please gaze into my lifeless eyes.
I should turn this all back.
I can turn this all back.
Reflecting him; life passing me by.
"You just worry about your self!"
Novel ideas proceed thinking unsaid things.
Strung along, strung along, strung along.
Without treats, my dog's eyes age.
Whom believes in dichotomy, and doesn't.
"You're the product!" Courtesy of, comments.
Im foolishly in love with you
"80085," wrote the reluctant, sentient calculator.
Used ball-peen hammer on peen, balls.
I am allergic to your adorableness.
Can much garlic make you blind?
Greed drowned the poor man's whisper.
The fool was a pho friend
Fired from mortuary for shaving dead.
The government has approved your visit.
Schopenhauer named his brown poodle Butz.
I only need one word: stay!
I met you while lucid dreaming.
He anticipated acrimony, instead got silence.
Only once asleep, the screams began.
I waited until the breathing ended.
"Why?! I... was... loyal..." "You knew."
Manual blinking? Dry eyes? Parasites incubating...
A miscarriage of more than justice
Kittens sleeping on me. Gotta pee.
The silver wolf wasn't the issue
"I want this puppy!", she whined
The cyber demons kept coming back
Depression doesn't need medication or definition
impossible! are paradoxes causality negative But
She whined wearily; demise in situ.
They were both silly and depressed
She realized they were the same
He was a silly silver wolf
She never wanted the llama really
The internet was pushing everyone offline
She had obsessions with her friends
The llama wanted to eat cheesecake
The lemon wolf wants to die
I swear I saw something move
From darkest nights come resplendent days
Why does my mustache taste spicy?
In silence she considers my worthiness
What's the point...? It's impossible anyways.
Alice jumped into the endless void.
Life happens to those left behind
I could easily lose my mind
"Dogs are better", she stated factually.
Part of me apart from me
Youre apart of me apart from me
A phobia of fighting in cars.
Sometimes, sad songs seem to help.
How do you jack-off with hiccups?
"It's reflection of him, not I."
She is no longer my brother
Hidden Everywhere, Lie Proposals Undermining Safety.
The lemon tart got sun burned
I sometimes smile with my eyes.
"There's no need for the siren."
Taking the bait every damn time
Ending the day as a winner
She's quite good at breaking chains.
It was never about the money.
The honey wolf sun bathed lazily
Passivity is her weapon of choice.
Capacity for happiness increased tremendously today
The tattoo reminds me of you.
Cherenkov radiation matching FTL speeds detected!
Warm soul, clear mind, open view
One life, many loves, infinite joys
Attempt looking on the bright side
Her smile greets me every day.
I'm sure it doesn't hurt much 
Ain't life grand ? Truly 'tis so.....
Her pog champ was her Lord
The night should swallow me whole.
Ok to keep secrets sometimes, yall
Her heart belonged to him instead.
A silver dollar and a kiss.
Licking her lips, she said "Satan."
a thoroughbred astride in the dusk.
Would you kill someone? Again? Unlikely.
Born again Christian baptized. Drowned. Revived.
She claimed her freedom once again.
Victory, I got my freedom back.
This was always about my freedom.
Mother taught him only to abscond
Mother taught you only to abscond.
You'll never do the right thing.
"I'm trying harder, why aren't you?"
I'm afraid chemotherapy isn't an option.
We learned alienese before they English.
I thought she was with you
The reality of Monday crushes creativity.
Mondays stark reality crushes all creativity.
Flowers growing on the fire escape
Is that dangerous? I guess so.
"I'll always love you," I lied.
Jessas tears filled the empty bottle.
After he leapt, he regretted it.
Attempting to survive, he did not.
I've checked 700x's, no sign yet ....
An introvert hides among the crowd.
I miss feeling missed. You know?
It's difficult enough just being me
African country traps another within it
My thoughts belong to me. Alone.
Thanks again. See you then. -Me
Postprandial vibrations substantially aid one's digestion
Was that it? Yep. Oh well.
I don't think there's any left.
Where did it go, kitten? Here?
Guess who? Now what? Idk. Hungry?
Some folks say the darndest things.
"You should have fought harder." -Satan.
Looks like the right team won
Cake day? I should write something
American cinema peaked with Pootie Tang.
Ketamine infusion, optical illusion, cognitive fusion.
New day, new hamster wheel ride
Break a leg! The left one.
Chewed up by a cannibals mandible.
Some things stay, some die away
Who will you snuggle? My pillow.
Its done,I deleted your number
Met by mistake. Left on purpose.
Table for two? Vaping or non?
She never asked to say goodbye.
I threw kombucha at his head....
There are bodies in her basement.
I have found you, my friend.
A man chooses, a slave obeys.
Last life, I found you...how?
Vague words, imagination aroused. Subtle seduction.
Apologies dont mean sh*t no more
True life begins after letting go
Revolving earth. She stood while spinning.
Hot. Sweaty. Was she ever ready.
These Nightmares Are Becoming More Realistic....
blindly they roam, blindly staining souls
The furious storm punished the land.
Chucked kombucha at his head. Fuck.
I've written the final, meta story.
A glorious crimson fountain, "Night night..."
When she calls, my voicemail answers.
Six. Five. Four- Abort! Crash....
One day I'll love her back.
Beach ready: bikini, straw hat, sandals.
Some six word stories are fiction.
When I flex, I feel best
Ghost attracts hipsters to dying business.
Wish I'd said I love you.
six satellites. six drones. six people.
The world is numbers and code.
Used. Again. When will I learn?
Outreach meant connection. Connection is trauma.
Dont forget who gave you control.
Spicy and saucy days upon us
Growing old, becoming bold, always glowed
The lamp, both coffin and bed.
I wonder what Hemingway would think?
More than six words? That's sacrilege!
"You're worthless," they said. I listened.
Introvert support group: all alone together.
Found a vein. Lost the world.
I want to be alone, bye.
A minimalist, but not by choice.
Such a passionate *love*, now therapy.
The ultimate masterpiece? To master peace.
Be leaving believing to be living.
Reviewed the day, it didn't suck.
Six words. Six opportunities. Infinite possibilities.
"Hell? Earth? Meaningless distinction," said Lucifer.
On a spaceship. Giant creature outside.
Man fears change more than death.
Lost in a forest.... trees move?
As God died, his followers rejoiced.
How ironic, starving behind a McDonalds.
I've pushed away everyone I loved.
Seeking intellectual mistress. Beautiful mind required.
Hearing footsteps made my heart sink.
May I suggest a theme, please?
Life clings desperately to unwilling minds.
Having fun messing with my head ?
"In a good way?" No answer.
I see faces in strange places
Haitians disrupted, team returning to base..
Her crafting corner slowly became real
Obituary pinned above short growth chart.
Shes comfortable around me. Too comfortable.
I solely exist to cause problems.
I did kick; this entire time.
One day or day one, choose.
The old gods walk amongst us.
Six words is not enough to
Lacking magic today. Lets start anew!
So... is there a "Mr." Fizzle?&lt;3
Rescuing the gazelles kills the lions
Are we playing games again tonight?
"I... I can't feel my legs!"
The voice inside might be right.
Realised my friends never really cared.
"You're mine...." whispered the pitch black.
"You're mine...." whispers in pitch black.
Humanoid robots rob bank. Nobody harmed.
Beaten. Shattered. Blistered. Broken. I smile.
Daddy slid inside me. Happy birthday.
he never realized she never cared.
Let us prey, said father OSullivan.
Live everyday in preparation for death
If God exists, he'll stop me.
We are not alone in here.
I saw myself. Wasnt a reflection.
Beneath the most delicious strawberry: mold.
Potato salad: unexpected precursor to sex.
Your fear is delicious. Feed me.
The headlights were actually glowing eyes.
They played hopscotch on asteroid fields
Makes me wonder about the mime
Everything made sense for a second.
I know what you are thinking.
The darkness you fear will disappear.
Sighing, I watched as it burned.
He is never this late officer
Insurance did not cover self surgery.
She went to his castle willingly.
The times they aren't really changing.
And so neglect becomes our Ally
An old memory brings new conversation.
I'm sorry. Tell Angie daddy loves--
Last time, it was so easy.
They wouldn't leave the rodent alone
The zombies dance under the sun
Slowly imploding in my space-kitchen.
She unwittingly wandered into his castle...
Time zones did not deter them
He intrigued her, more than most.
She stuttered as she tried explaining.
I was born to be mild.
Her soft femininity drew him closer
Their twin hearts shined technicolor hues
They pointed out constellations to eachother
They held hands under the moonlight
His scent was of warm kindness
Everything feels reflexive.. every movement nastic.
I reached for heaven. I failed.
All life gone in an instant
"Ryannnnn," called Haley. "Kaylie..." scoffed Bryan.
Download complete. Initiating kill order . . . . ERROR.
One day at a time, cat.
Breaking my heart, made him smile.
Im a whore, so are you.
never loved me, just used me
I thought you were the one.
Treat her better and love her.
I give up on you, love.
I daydream about dying, but don't.
My journey ended. I stopped believing.
Lockdown extended, delta variant spreads southwest
Sadness becomes anger, anger becomes default.
The potato cannon glistened, fully loaded
The head was full of spiders
All she had was beauty. Had.
Shot in Reno. Don't know why.
Born to humans, raised by animals.
Everything fades away, few memories stay.
Giant orchid mantis swiftly decapitated her.
She foolishly thinks sex is love.
I am always rooting for you.
A future where we're all happy...
There is an impostor among us.
Interesting offer from married woman. Decline.
Regretfully, I found your Reddit account.
Wrote story. Googled story. Deleted story.
Happenstance romance, wedding dance, pregnancy pants.
Banned from deli for beating meat.
Stuck in sunken pain, cant move.
You are an abusive dick sucker
Stop mirroring my phone Shawn King
Fuck you shawn Clifton king
Stole date's wallet. Left $500 tip.
She lost her own identity again
Arrested for selling previously consumed peanuts.
You ate all the peanuts, again.
Arrested for making actual baby powder.
Birthday "clown" makes animals into balloons.
Crowded room. I saw only you.
Crowded room. I only see you.
Battery 5 percent. Phone about to -
"Mommy", first word and last word.
"mommy", first word and last word.
The moon swallowed the dead girl.
Bucket List: draining neighbor into bucket.
Rushing white water thwarted the Dead.
Fired from mortuary for licking dead.
Life, Liberty and Pursuit of Happyness
Sweat drips, a bridge in view
The platypus eyed the wary scientist
A years' success warrants some drinks.
The cactus eyed the anus warningly
Ate lice. Who's the parasite now?
Sometimes ups outnumber the downs
Divorcee canceled birthdate for abortion appointment.
Investigates her eyes. Penetrates her mind.
Hanging around waiting to be crucified.
Tonight, urethra will become my ethra.
I'm too high for concise communication.
A rodent likes to disco dance
"'Uber of hookers' sued over trademark."
Be a rainbow for cloudy minds
"'Uber of Hookers' sued over trademark."
Trains rhythmic rattles reverberate? Still, meditate.
One bullet, if they'll line up.
The noisy people yelled without end
Time to go separate ways, cannabis...
We both broke up with me
A migraine prophesied the gathering storm.
Just snorting Adderall and watching Jeopardy.
All of life ends in death.
*CRASH* The cars collided with eachother
The pup cocked its head, confused
Summoned Skull completely demolished the Kuriboh
Summoned Skull attacked the Kuriboh
They got their duel disks ready
I'm gonna go feed the ducks...
Pitter patter let's get at er!
Pitter patter get let's get er!
Life means everything. Life means nothing.
He isn't following you. Don't obsess.
Glowing pebbles line the sky path
Glowing pebbled lined the sky path
"I summon red-eyes black dragon!"
Life begins and ends with love
Mesmerized by light, sucked into oblivion
lets meet again in the beginning
Forcing yourself to sneeze may cause...
And then it whispered, last chance.
I watched my heart walk away
This isnt my bowl of soup
NFPs were strong yet dollar weakens
737 crashes, looks like engine failure
"What are you saying?" She poked.
I love you Jesus, no homo.
I can't see your comments eh...
Celebrity cosmonauts, packed like sturgeon roe.
God is dead funny, ask Nietzsche.
Suggested speech patterns invade free will
Suppressing whimpers she listened for footsteps.
It derived nourishment from their fear.
He derived nourishment from their fear.
Their sharp claws carved jagged lines.
Shallow breathing to conserve diminished oxygen.
Coworker next to me is coughing.
Privilege to live, privilege to die.
The doorbell rang again. "Two dollars!"
Footprints and pawprints there. Footprints home.
Team Green approved the UFO report.
My Horoscope: A Self-Fulfilling Prophecy...
She makes nooses out of neckties
Carjacked Grandpa. Took him random fishing.
The oversized rodent took a nap
Delayed responses. I am unexpectedly anxious.
Think freely... fuck outside the box.
"Space Smurfs!" "Didn't I fire you?"
Life isnt over... it's just begun.
Life of adventure, free of regret.
Off by one? that's fine.
Remember Coke. Got Woke. Went Broke.
Please, the baby just stopped kicking!
Hi, I'm Les White .... You're hired!
Last place I look. Every time.
Taste that kicks your mouth's ass.
Shattered gypsum, stained red. Oh, Yeah!
Got hungry. Eight toes are enough.
You forgot to flush the toilet.
The ducks engaged in armed combat
Profits over people results in neither.
A twinkling cascade of milky dreams
I wake to find Im dead...
Took my sock off, found blood.
Soft paws plodded over fresh snow
What point of life is death
I walk this road; hopefully lost.
Why are so many people unkind?
Quit biting fingernails after cemetery incident.
Peeled skin off arm. Not terminator.
Reviving me was your first mistake.
My passwords would make you laugh.
Dancing in moonlight wearing hitchhiker's skin.
One sneeze. A mass extinction? No...
Eating things I found inside me.
Finally replacing the car I crashed!
Drowning puppies for fun and profit!
I am always on your side.
What's wrong with staying emotionally vulnerable?
Channel Six News. The truth. (Wink)
I'm not intimidated by grumpy wizards.
All it took was one hit.
Tim was invincible until he wasnt.
Hushed whispers echoed in perpetual darkness.
Shit apple falls from shit tree.
I ordered six piece Chicken McScrotums.
Okay, fine, its Chinese Taipei. - Biden
It was fun, but, I'm straight.
I'm too angry to love you.
The e-bike mass broke the surface
Pills fill my head with snow.
Autopsy report: her insides were beautiful.
The panic struck crew scrambled around
It started to ascend the depths
It started to accent the depths
Trepidation slowly filled the ship's crew
Seven glowing orbs peered up curiously
Something dark lurked deep down below
The ship lurched in the waters
Something dark lurked deep down below
Darkness lurked in the depths
The ship lurked in the waters
There never was something so grand
Moored in a sea of chaos...
Tore off head, shat down throat.
Kind eyes, stable, constant. Swipe Left.
"You're my childhood friend?" She inquired.
You have literally the worst timing.
Once again, I rob a bank
He's so close, so far away.
Your downvote destroyed me, just kidding!
Listen, Im getting you a hooker.
Mommy, daughter wore wedding dress simultaneously.
You smile; I smile; hold me.
I cry because of your happiness
U R U (a grumpy cat)
You're safe. You're worthy. You matter.
Dont die before you really live
What goes up, stays in Vegas.
Saw it; did it; lived it.
Listen, this is my victory lap.
What happens if she ever unfreezes?
She will walk all over him.
Scientists discover: Thoughts originate in butt
Sorry, you can only choose one
The piss elves attack at dawn
Past echoes haunt the world bones
Was born, had family, then died.
The lovers curse. Itll get ya
"Space Game of Thrones!" "You're fired."
Flowers wilt on her gravestone, unvisited.
After so long, every touch hurts.
I totally would download a car.
I've had enough of this, bye.
Ill collect them all, in time.
Please stop presuming people are decent
Recovery was painful. Oblivion was safe.
Her neck stored each emotional trauma.
The guitar is my college degree
Money? Bagged. Hostages? Subdued. Escape? Blocked . . .
Midnight: Inspired. Morning: This is shit.
Heaven? Unwelcome. Hell? Unwilling. Limbo? Unconditional.
Awake? Me too. Outside your window.
"You awake? Miss you." Read 3:03 AM.
My reflection smiled widely. I didn't.
Met Death and declined his invitation.
Finally found you. Six feet underground.
"Wish you were here." You are.
Loneliness invited Despair. Wasn't alone anymore.
"Hi, Mom, Dad!" "Oh shit! Run!"
Who lit this fire in me?
I cant tell stories with six
I forgot there were two bombs. 
The I Am Who I Am
Join me for some intense loitering?
Vagina dentata bit off my tongue
youre the only sunflower i know that brightly shines in dark hours.
I never used to hate you.
There are no rules to life
"stop these dramas", he told me.
Engines, check; girlfriend, gone; dream, launching
How do i get you alone?!
The biggest lies were directed inward.
Frantic masturbation is my only hobby.
I think we are time travellers.
The cat keeps circling me, meowing.
The dog exploded. Everyone was distraught.
Everything will be ok, right mom?
A chill lingered in the air
A chil lingered in the air
Never let a wound ruins you.
Mars inhabitants become last humans alive.
Actors Everywhere; acting out their lies.
Seeking heart donorname your price.
Oh shit. I think Im depressed.
Judge orders Arbys: relinquish the meats.
Seeking heart donorname your price.
i was uptight wanna let loose
i was lightning before the thunder
Embracing her lies, for the baby.
And so, he was gone forever.
Glimpses of flesh made me reconsider.
I have fewer keys every day.
"Who's there?" She shouted in darkness.
It's all coming to an end.
Mutual desire tempered by mutual uncertainty.
He wasn't a dog or potato
Disturbing mutation bolsters vaccination black market.
She fell asleep. Im just staring
The solar colors illuminate smoldering wings
She offered sex, I wanted intimacy
it feels so illegal being alive
Suicide attempts failed, so depression continues.
im scared of dropping my image
I'm just here for the karma.
We danced, and it was glorious.
I owned a chicken yesterday but today I ate it.. #Horror
Internet - illusion that you have power.
but Fate is a tragic bloke
Overwhelming despair had seized me again.
Slow motion, slow motion everywhere, pfffft!
I love the thought of love
See you in another life. Bye.
Filled up fridge. Ordered Take-out.
It was ending before it began
The old phone struggled with apps
"A groan of tedium escapes me"
Humanity's endless toxicity swallowed him whole.
"Everything is so small", he though.
Safe? Even better, it's company policy!
Horseless headman also waits for fame.
One day we will sleep forever
The void requires a sacrificial soul.
The world is really quite green
It was funnier in my head.
Here, hear a grown man groan
So often misery is self inflicted
Inevitable depression, if I were Neo...
Soft rain, Loud gutters, Silent pain.
Falling snow. Coffin shopping. Starless nights.
You be quiet! Bellowed the toad.
They were forever in my debt
Favourite childhood memory? Breaking cellar padlocks.
Eventually all evil plans fall apart.
It's all I ever wanted for you...
This story is just about to end
Chaos is the law of nature.
Found her lifeless on the floor
No one ever chose to exist.
A mirror breaking; is that freedom?
I'm finally going to the ocean!
"Please be happy." She silently wished.
"May they find happiness." She wished.
my mind drifts away into bliss
Now the government knows we're dating.
A field, more mines than otherwise.
"I got this." She reassured herself.
Hitting close to home is winning!
Her wishes enveloped them in love.
Her face was painted with exasperation.
"What options are left!?" She protested.
"Please be happy." She silently wished.
Desperately want us to find happiness.
Our love caused misery for others
Your love makes life worth living
Lunar lullabies fill the night skies
Comfortable with reality, finding lost confidence.
The candlelight dances with the shadows.
Folly to tempt darkness into light.
It was apparent, that I wasn't.
I feel closer to overcoming limerence.
Cryptos pitfalling, news roaring, Tuesdays huh...
Filthy feats, finished for few pfennigs.
Filthy feats, finished for few pfennings.
And you just keep wondering why..
I got the bees Taco Bell
Sleeps like death without the commitment.
How powerful? Illuminati are their pawns.
Philly boxer takes shot, doesn't win.
This wont end well she whispered.
Old Enough To Pick My Coffin
Oxymoron of the day: Urban Development
First question: did you pray enough?
A passing remark, a permanent memory
Misplaced premature hope ended in tears.
Swear! There's water in the pool!
Hi 'feeling suicidal', my name's dad.
Fawning over yet another fictional doctor.
The Sun kisses all of us
Functionally alcoholic spy gets laid often.
See you later, she lied softly.
Angsty space wizard kisses his sister.
Space wizard is upset at father.
My fathers separated on Fathers Day.
PTSD victim pushed, town is destroyed.
Spend money wisely. Pornstars and guitars.
Im hungry. Hi Hungry, Im Dad.
Archeology professor punches nazis, finds ark.
Maybe the dingo started that rumor.
The new kingdom seemed distorted already
im reminded how happy i was
The taco party was postponed, later?
The cotton swab holds you ear
David Bowie dangling from a drone
Cork comes to mind, a place?
The lion wouldn't stop being Aslan
The fidget spinner met the hammer
James Charles playing street hockey nude
"Dorito time!", not again Taco Bell
A baguette, feeling a bit crusty
Zebras get their stripes from Target
The Vegemite was feeling rather salty
Maybe the ducks should make gravy
The poptart is experiencing some turbulence
A simple toaster, that's it, sorry.
With catboy staff customer complaints disappeared.
Be a prophet, make a profit.
Liver with fava beans, nice chianti.
I didn't expect the ghost tonight.
The baby panda eyed the taxidermist
The baby panda eyes the taxidermist
Andddd.....cut! Take five. Andddd.....action!
Happy Father's Day to you, Satan!
Thought there's water in the pool!
eXes and Owes, Trip Hack Flow
Head falling, eyelids drooping, headlights drifting.
Don't deserve him. Don't belong here.
Seemingly cancelled, our plan for tacos
A hard time? A few sentences?
Either bad luck or no luck
She whispered regrets to endless galaxies.
Her voice trembled while confronting him.
https://t.me/joinchat/TVThBvdv08thNzkx
Whispered her regrets to endless galaxies.
Summer is beer on the deck.
He couldn't overcome his defense mechanisms.
Her voice trembled while confronting him.
Anxiety diminished with space and time.
Whispered her regrets to passing winds.
Sometimes... I'm just cosplaying being girly.
Sorry to barge in like this
The addressed reside in this place
The cheesecake boy reopened his dms
Today I became an only child.
Shit, that wasnt a micro dose
She cant comprehend her own beauty.
But I just had a vasectomy!
"I'm sorry he's gone," I lied.
Lotion on skin or hose again.
Help me! I can't feel anything.
You've shown me who you are.
Cathy Ryan's cut wrists. Extra words.
Another day, another dollar. HATE money!
Only in small doses, she confessed.
"Guess... it isn't... bulletproof... after all..."
There's a hole in my parachute.
I never said foreveryou did.
"Tell me." "Ok: it was me."
"A sandwich dammit! Not a witch!"
"I'm a witch!" She proudly exclaimed.
Blanket snuggles and Summer Camp Island.
Silence is the loudest of all.
Biggest lie in packaging: "Peel here"
Clown by day. Creature by night.
"Enough?" he asked. "Enough" she lied.
"Enough?" He asked. "Enough" she replied.
You aren't that, so don't worry.
You'll be the happiest human soon.
You'll be the happiest human soon.
Im high on LIFE  relapsing user
Search history: best lawyer, highest building
Aquafina or Dasani? I prefer rainwater.
Snapped his fingers. Bone stuck out.
No feelings, just sex, he lied.
Life gave lemons. I hate lemonade.
He died for an oil company.
Mark my body, make me yours
You home? No. So whose footsteps
Went out shopping. Left bodies everywhere.
He wants beef. Im a vegetarian.
Gucci sneakers, prada bag, no bedframe.
Gun jammed for the last time.
Two workouts today, now blissfully content.
Where are you staying tonight Luv?
I am the most open book.
When too much is barely enough.
Shes either crazy or gaming me
Does money protect you from fear?
Hahahaha. You mean the Chaos Emeralds?
I should really stop stalking him
Don't be lazy. That's my job.
The axe forgets, the tree remembers
Too many voices speak quite loudly
I'm dizzy and congested. Sleep....
Another conquest, he notched his belt.
The bird sings a happy tune
Best friends they are, despite everything
Recurring nightmare - she takes the kids.
Lunar lullabies to carry her to...
The siren became mesmerized by melodies
The mind's eye is a window
"Are we alone?" "Yes and no."
He wanted her, until he didn't.
The look of heartbreak was devastating
What now? Does it go higher?
He would often dream of her
Fell in love, got bruised up.
Youre a kid; youll see, soon.
Pushed to the brink; didnt break.
Witnessing dumb internet arguments increases solipsism.
I do not understand her psychology
Ill never stop wishing for you.
"Aliens? How?" "Crackheads with bad cameras."
"I'm nobody's favorite." "My name's Nobody?"
But how did you find out?
She realized she liked it.
Ha! No, you're not in heaven....
Is it worth it to run?
Traces of him linger hopelessly long
He was always going to leave
A new kingdom, born from flames
His hot embers slowly grew cold
It didnt matter, he was blind
Eleven eleven, I wished for you
Welcome to Earth. Please sign here.
Honey, dinner! Did the poison dissolve?
AT&amp;T: Pro-Fascist, Boeing: Pro-Fascist, Koch: Pro-Fascist.
Phone pings, mouth smiles, heart races
Once upon a time... The end.
No point, so he jumped off.
Her crochet hook saved her life
overthinking killed her from the inside
Practice safe sex, Lock your door.
My soul misses yours my love
Im as high as the sky
Two bodies. One heartbeat. Alone.
The fight for freedom was outsourced.
Anger in her silence, Im waiting
More denial than evil and compassion.
Old feelings and too much wine
Traded a cart for a quarter.
Aldis: Cart for quarter?
Dont be afraid to be you.
The war ended, the fighting continued
The natives didn't recognize those approaching
He considered, then decided not to.
Beauty is sizeless, shapeless and colourless.
We come in peace, sort of.
Negative content makes us all discontent
What's The Worst That Could Happen?
Let fear bore you to life
As he left, rain fell, forbodingly.
I won't stop until I've started
Crushed my diamond back to coal.
We made love under the stars.
We held hands. Finally, true love!
Abraham doubted. God? Am I crazy?
[ALERT] Asteroid approaching! God help us
We found Sentinelese, they spoke English.
Sunburned, like before I aged.
What happens when I push THIS?
She wants me to possess her.
Everyone was watching the paranoid exhibitionist.
Even rain couldn't douse my fire.
Faked it. Made it. Now what?
What about my freedom to oppress?
"Forgive me..." / "I do." / He hanged.
There are wasps in your ears.
LeBron Raymone James is the GOAT.
Don't want to celebrate my birthday.
What a life that must be
Well fuck. I'm in trouble again.
COVID never cared about Dads politics.
Prove to me I'm not crazy.
"Say that to my face!".... silence.
Nurse a day keeps doctor away
House for sailboat never flown away
Alien falls asleep... dreams being human.
One day your love will shine
Beauty isnt what makes you beautiful
People make music makes the people
Finding real connection with real people
Accidentally stepped through a fart cloud.
The paranormal game made them all...
They used to have fun together
She spent hours wishing for Zhongli
The flowers grew in her lungs
The moth fluttered, before settling on...
He became speed incarnate, in Minecraft
Car broke down because of ghost
I looked down, penis was gone
"I'm not Alexa", came ominous reply.
Surprise arrival was an unfortunate mistake
Alexa, what is my safe word?
Edge of insanity....teaching mom computers.
I baked my own birthday cake.
Snowmen melted. Missing children were found.
Hemingways legacy? Hmm short, deep bittersweet.
Her alternate giggled from the shadows.
Mom exhaled slowly, Ill always love
She put her goggles on and...
He went back for more cheesecake
He couldnt breath. He flies now.
True love embraced both birthdays, funerals.
We named our last daughter Grace.
Remains: 1 wedding ring, 4 teeth
Our 5th daughter, nicknamed Hope baby.
COICD never cared about Dads politics.
Started fight club. Talked about it.
Waiting for right time. Began wrong.
I pronounce you man and AI.
The gerbil seemed lost and confused.
TIL: miscarriages rarely end with funerals.
TIL: Miscarriages dont usually in funerals.
I sighed, Sorry. Smallest coffins, Miss.
Dad? Mmm? But cannibalism is wrong
We dont sell smaller coffins, Miss.
I left the NICU completely alone.
a incinerator , a cloud, and mom.
People are big in rural America.
Writing new CV. From work laptop.
They gawked at eachother like morons.
"Are you my new head friend?"
"Are you my head friend?"
"Well, you turned me on!" "What???"
What is enough? Found it. Love.
A wonderful life, a wonderful death.
She watched old anime songs, bored.
Quietly, she missed her dear friends.
Saturday sweets! Gluten free cinnamon roll.
Gluten free cinnamon roll = slight smile.
Well jeeze. Sorry I'm excited eh.
Saturday sweets! Gluten free cinnamon roll.
"AHHHHHHHHHH!!!" Thud. "Hi, welcome to heaven."
We are all our own society
Happiness is more important than normalness
Time sure flies, keeps us buzzing...
"Quickly, climb into my flying bathtub!"
Void gazing. Nothing's new, moving forward.
Bookshop in Copenhagen. Our eyes meet.
We see others how we are.
Super electric spontaneous human combustion engine
Theres more to life than reddit?
Mistakes are typos I R L
The internet is an attention whore
Wielding double edge swords of love
What is your favourite song currently?
What's the best poem you've read?
Where theres hope, there is... Superman
Your down vote makes me... hard
We all leave, only to return.
Consciousness's a masturbatorium; playing with itself.
"THERE'S NO PARACHUTES!" -- "Wrong. Share mine."
Born crying. Died crying. Never sad.
You cried; I laughed. Forgive me.
Meditated in shower. Decided against crying.
Existing for reasons I don't understand
The bug zapper illuminated momentarily *bzzzzt*
Mes ambitions dues obscurciront mon ciel.
Masks are gone; angelic smiles return.
Lifeinterrupted. Yes: Struggle: Victory! Return.
What if I'm a fucking creep?
What if I'm a terrible person?
She seems uninterested, I believe her
Wish I could stop feeling everything...
Ah, beautiful. I reinvented myself again.
"The UFO thing didn't work. Genocide?"
Gonna go cry in the shower.
Want to believe that so badly...
90's kids are over 30 now.
Protested for freedom, while segregating themselves.
Don't confuse me. I'm in anguish.
Prove it. I'm exhausted. Nap now.
So frustrated! Why do you care?!
Armless, I raised children with toes.
I'm angry with myself not you.
Illusions are part of the magic
What even am I to you?
Why do you even care though?
Chatty lady, husband must be away
Nobody mentioned nightmares grow up too.
Everything from the 90s is broken.
I think apathy is an improvement.
It was for revenge, not equality
Flesh to ashes. Pain still lingers.
Her eyes are filled with love.
i will keep on finding myself
Depression is better than anxiety right?
The world's one's clam, not oyster
Too happy, suicidal on the inside.
Since September Sallys seen sad spirits.
You can't control my damn emotions!
I wake up each morning, regrettably.
Oops. I guess I'm in trouble...
Wow, isnt it amazing how life
Zillow is nothing but gray walls
New data, new science, new rules.
Overwhelmed with emotions, she moved mountains.
They greeted him with kindness. "Corts?"
Isnt there any meaning to meaning?
Heaven can wait. Let's make love.
Adding puzzles to the bigger picture
Good things will come to you
Have you ever thought about thinking?
You should take yourself too humorously
Dont question the sky. That's sky-ist.
Theres got to be magic somewhere
What is your purpose on Earth?
Please fund my attempt at profundity
What makes you feel most alive?
When is life most meaning-full?
We all know our own way
Let's pretend we are in love
Life is short, Eternity is tall.
Living laughing and loving classic sayings
Do we even understand our understandings?
Kindness is always dressed in blue
Knowing nothing is still knowing something
Non answers are often self explanatory
All directions lead toward a horizon
Just try to have fuck, fucker
Positive intentions can yield different interpretations
The rules only apply to followers
Dream your life then live (your) dreams
Rearranging words for no apparent reason
I feel least alone in solitude
Solitude makes me feel least alone
Tell me a word you invented
Trying to make a meaningful life
It was never about the upvotes
I hope you have a good
Remember everything you need to remember
Everyday I contentedly accept my death
Don't press that button. Dammit, don't...!
"It is either me or him!"
I love you.... don't need you.
When will my time come *sigh*
I don't care anymore. Feels great!
The sun feeds off the night.
Drowning... she drank her own tears.
Workers clear trees too few already.
Love she said is never free.
Sitting by an imaginary line, waiting.
If it werent for your words
Be the love you never received.
Lizards are just station wagon frogs
Life is an egg? Good yoke.
The moth begins hovering too close
The taxidermist eyed the baby panda.
The taxidermist eyed the giant panda
"Greetings earthings", stated by the president.
A broken record, I love you
Heavy breathing outlasted the candle flames.
A sad onion adorned the toy
Corrupt with corruption, I could have.
She glanced at her empty inbox
In her baggage she carried insecurity...
Your insecurities are not my problem....
He glanced up from his cheesecake
Went too far in pictures. Sad.
Now, all of this is yours.
Bad circumcision, raised as a female
For sale: baby shoes, never worn.
Sunshine Peaches, Soundtrack Buffets, Ocean Balconies . . .
God is just life in drag
We are all dying every moment
She was elegant in her honesty.
Chinese food, punks, and flying pigs.
Today I saw an Albino Buffalo
Consent was given, control unconditionally surrendered.
End of dayunwind then repeat
Shadow, a hacker, exploded my computer.
Your eyes... everything clicked into place.
Your controversial opinion shall be removed.
Looking for a girl called Lyla
My lip-bite is for furious eyes.
Cry before the dead ones die.
Consent was given, control surrendered unconditionally.
Consent was given, control was gifted.
Mind enclosed in castle, needed protection.
His sleep talking was for another.
"Give me Liberty or Death!" - "No."
My love is not easily destroyed.
Lost in space, no more worries.
Lost in space, finally reached silence.
I love you regardless of gender.
Your soul: NFT on cosmic blockchain.
I don't want to work anymore
A sweet father or sugar daddy?
Been livin' in a dancer's prancercize
Savour the flavour of our saviour
Realizing everything was a beautiful dream
Making music, making love, everyday forever
Mothman flew into my bug zapper.
We're emotional haemophiliacs with uncut nails.
Wanted space just to become lonely
The fondness they share is boundless
Death extends his hand Inspection. Infection.
Could you never love me back?
So, I decided to stop it.
How quickly they all have forgotten
One small enticement, we became Icarus.
Mentally ill. Please, love me still?
I cut down to her soul.
The steeped tea eagerly awaits milk
The girl slowly regained her identity
All vaxxed up, nowhere to go.
Block party protocols incite disco dancing
Indebted drunk guessed. Government verified. Billionaire.
You think kids don't intentionally kill?
"Where did you put my eyes?!"
If you're judging, I have confessions.
Shouldn't live my life through daydreams.
'Was it my fault?' I asked...
I never find clocks when dreaming
Not scared just wanna be elsewhere.
I'm here and now, you're fucked.
Awoke in someone elses body, help!
Squeezed my head, felt a wriggle.
"Parlez-vous franais?" "Err, non..."
Missed the Last Train to Trancentral.
Missed call from your dead brother.
Friends' funerals are routine. Getting older.
Shanghai skies. Tears in rain. Reset.
Aces pre-flop. Went all-in. Lost.
Her parents became childless and divorced.
"Sleep paralysis demons?" I thought, yawning.
Demon follows in corners of vision.
malfunctioning. No! The time machine is
Did I imagine Jesus? Did He?
A nervous cheesecake, "He has arrived"
Baguette Baguette Oui Oui Ton Ton
"'Korea Is Finally Reunited!' Generalissimo Kim"
Photos in wallet replaced with condoms.
Astrophysicist Party: Who will planet?
"Hmm, which cucumber was for cooking?"
She calls me daddy now also
Turns out, it wasn't an otter.
For sale, house trained, needs "socialisation."
It's all ash in my mouth.
All is ash in my mouth.
You promised it wouldn't hurt, Mommy.
Jeeze universe... things are getting weird.
Contentment in the love that's there.
I found contentment, there is love.
Shitty music killed the good poetry.
She hinted. I hesitated. Opportunity lost.
Idley drifting on waves of time.
The cut on my wrist deepens.
A tiny speck amongst massive waves.
A speck floating amongst the waves
NASA probe shot down over Ganymede.
A ghost in the work bathroom?
wait for me, I lost myself.
Summers away from parents, best summers.
I deny self harming and continue.
I am in trouble once again.
A masked ball, phantom amongst partners.
Masked ball, a phantom amongst partners.
I got into trouble again. Ugh.
"Input accepted", said to nobody
"Input accepted", said to nobody
Jarhead does 20 pushups. Sergeant: "One!".
The future just became the past.
Sister, ONE of our toastr, anditagristleavbbnesws
The poptart has reached terminal velocity
Our exwife did. she did, Thanaud1
Oh, what an utterly fictitious tale.
I want your virus, you retard.
Time minus needles wasn't fishy dinners.
I want fish dinner and then needles.
yOU COULDN'T possibly RUN THIS WENDYS
You wanna be infamous? Suck this.
I'm In trouble for limerent play.
Could you write me a story?
She cant play with me anymore
The poptart has reached terminal velocity
The poptart has reached terminal velocity
The poptart has reached terminal velocity
His jizz was juxtaposed betwixt WHATS
sometimes silence sings the loudest song
Tracing spiraling designs, eliciting small sighs.
Gentle fingertips glide across softened skin.
How am I supposed to know?
The queen observed her subjects disdainfully
Please don't eat my fingers! Ahhhhhh!
He casually flipped the burnt pancake
That's when life got spooky cool
This time will be different. Promise.
"Mooooom, Kyle and Chelsey are fighting"
"Get the bandaids, she fell again"
Your gaze whips me into compliance.
A lazy morning spent in bed.
I don't have multiple accounts FYI.
Why would you do that? Cruel.
I won't write anymore I guess.
Bye, (last online five years ago).
Millionaire dies alone. Son doesn't know.
Thinking im offline, ill be gone.
Angels and demons oscillate within her heart.
Enjoy the journey; youll find yourself.
"Don't stop touching me." She purred.
Don't be a sphinx throwing riddles.
Once the paint dried, no trace.
You aren't being very nice eh.
Realizing reliable relationships remain relatively rare.
Nerdy date at art museum. Fun!
in the end, were all strangers
"As requested, sir: one metric fuckton."
"See? No monsters," assured the monster.
There is nobody at the wheel.
Superman returns... to his desk job.
I wish she would use me
Infinite cakes wines and sixty-nines.
That's how I met your mother...
Dont you remember? You are dreaming.
Car is probably a total loss.
The prophecy is fast approaching fulfillment.
Exchanging back tickles for soul tickles
Without cuddles I become very depressed.
Her pet got skittish, ran away
Fell asleep in your protective embrace.
Fell asleep, protected in your arms.
I was tickled awake this morning.
At my ex boyfriends goal weight
I'm finding it impossible to leave
Gonna die anyway, might aswell live.
I shouldnt have told my wife.
Robbed by exhaustion, sleep eludes me.
A meteor shower! Let's go watch
Sometimes? It's good to stop caring
It hurts sometimes. So I'm quiet.
A love so intense it's terrifying.
Is this the timeline I'm murdered ?
Precious djinn, grant my oldest wish.
Please don't. It's my internet home...
The flowing universe swept her away.
Unexpected suicide. That's noose to me!
Oh no, I misplaced my horse
Toothbrush dry. Kid lied. Punishments commence.
She breathed life back into Asmodeus.
Stop punishing me. You've already won...
I guess I'm in trouble again...
Toothbrush was dry. Little punk lied.
Stop punishing me. I'm clearly exhausted.
Spirit is broken, apathy consumes all.
I'll submit. My struggle is futile.
Taking a break from my feelings.
I'm gonna nap for three days.
Pterodactyl for hire, pretty fly dude
You are awesome, keep being you
Fastball: he swung. Connected!winning run.
This's my last six word story.
Love always won in the end
Remembering nothing and forgetting everything: same?
A far away galaxy long ago...
Hemingway bought the wrong baby shoes
everyone had a really good day.
And then, the punchline... hit me.
Six word stories are actually quite
Everything mattered and yet nothing mattered...
Yesterdays Liberations are Tomorrow's Ensalvements (F*ck)
Yesterday's Liberations are Tomorrows enslavements. (Fuck)
Honestly, kindness is always worth it.
This is how Twitter should be.
Short stories are just small rooms.
This is hell? We lucked out.
Let's go, nothing to learn here.
Dogecoin is a mans best friend
Threetwoonezero. Nothing happened.
Blackberry bramble, please watch the thorns
Blackberry bramble, please watch the thorns
Blackberry bushes block the way
Remember the path through the maze.
Too many thots, not enough brain
You saw him. I'll clean.
Focus on what you can control.
I'll surrender to reality. I'm exhausted.
"Hello dear flame", said the moth.
Not your prey. Not your kill.
Come get me. I'm not afraid.
Come get me. I'm not prey.
My entire life... a sick joke?
Sorry. Don't be displeased with me...
I'm sorry. Please don't be displeased...
Inspecting every shadow for your visage.
Sorry, I'm always getting into trouble.
Flowers for days, keeps sadness away
Our love letters; written, never sent
Heart beats so hard for you.
Perhaps you sought a different player....
"Ticket please," Said the heaven guard.
Apple of my eye had worms.
On my way!  Sent hours ago.
Continued play requires an active post...
The wizard won't play with me...
The freed djinn now controlled her.
How did Humanity handle Disclosure correctly?
I shouldn't have dove for that
Made dinner with friends, said Hannibal.
ALIEN DISCLOSURE CAUSES WORLD WIDE CELEBRATION!
So, Aliens Are Our Galactic Family?
I don't care. I'm too tired.
Let's get physical... meta-physical *mouths the word sex*
Is this a six word story?
Knock knock jokes dont need doors
Beauty is in the eye... ouch.
God is deadpan, Nietzsche is dead.
Relationships are supposed to be reciprocal
Thinking is optional, feeling is mandatory.
On some level, we're already dead.
You can make your life meaningful
Life is supposed to be fun
All Life on Earth ends, eventually...
Every human wants to be happy
she loved me until she didnt.
Forced to watch my memories fade.
I'm finally too exhausted to care.
Big girls just work it better
You look better in everything, damn
I don't know what's gonna happen.
Passing of time, death of dreams.
Wealth distribution? Nah, fuck the dollar.
I laugh so I won't cry.
Perpetual societal downfall is delicate art.
Working sucks. Not working sucks more.
"Dissolve my company," says cartel boss.
I find your quiet presence comforting.
Sorry for initial reaction when kids...
Old best friend.... is that you?
Friend breakups are the worst breakups.
Don't believe you can catch me...
Don't do anything I wouldn't do!
My hands used to be rough
Five. Eight. Zero. Zero. Eight. Rotate.
Don't waste time with mind games.
Repent? I was just getting comfortable!
Brakes: too slow. Bones: too brittle.
Love letter? Check. Hollow points? Check.
Speaking ill of the spiritually dead.
Hey now... are you following me?
Theres too much youll never know.
Old best friend....is that you?
"Like Batman, but with badgers!" "Next!"
The internet feels really small sometimes.
Apathy's a tragedy, boredom in a crime.
Hmm. Wonder what's gonna happen next.
Same time. Same planet. Different worlds.
Online. But not talking to me
That's too much porn....... Next page (click)
Out of chips. A blessing, perhaps?
I had every ingredient but one. :(
I'm probably gonna lose this game.
Shes the mentos to my coke.
Waiting to get car towed. Bored...
Time will wash us all away.
She kept a piece of me.
Three zombies, but only two bullets.
Shoot. I'm in trouble aren't I...
Promise not to run or fight.
One last puff... then, more work
One last puff, then ill work.
LTR-Deep love or simple inertia?
Saw the future. Couldn't change it.
Came back to kill the priest.
Got into car accident. I'm ok.
I dont love you at all.
"Please....shut up.... Let me die."
Safe to play poke the bear?
You are just full of surprises!
Saw the doctor, they used Google!
He sank under waves of melancholy.
I wanted love, you wanted sex.
My soul recognized yours too late.
Just like that, the love expired.
You pushed me so far away.
Computer compromised for exactly how long?
That night, the stars turned deaf
I'm officially playing poke the bear...
So what else can you do?
This world doesn't feel like home.
Giving myself away, nothing in return
It is just a dopamine addiction.
He would've done something by now...
Cthulhu was just target practice.
None of your friends are online.
Security camera footage looks edited.... creepy.
You're not gonna let me go...
You have died. Restore saved game?
I'm starting the second deprogramming course...
I miss my cat so much
"Feed me tuna", the furball pleaded.
I just really hate the Antichrist
Entered the asylum to take charge.
Might spontaneously combust from continuous frustration.
Secured convictions speak substance or nothing
maybe i should just be alone.
stagnant water will soon become brackish.
stagnant waters will shift to brackish.
My security camera showed glitchy footage.
"Alexa, cancel the anniversary dinner reservation."
I can smell. Yo smelly snatch.
You're incorrigible! You are! Burn him.
Getting frustrations out with punching bag.
"Sin Sumas!" es un juego zerosum.
Ev Ribadydu, aka "The Michigan Rag".
No shows tonight, sorry. Hick's ill.
He isn't him.... he isn't him....
I'm wrong right? You aren't Shadow.
Grilling-A fire and beer ritual.
She loves me only in memories.
No vampires tonight, garlic for dinner
Too sad to make oatmeal cookies.
Actions of few, punishing the many.
He bottle-fed his wife's killer.
Slave to money, then you die.
Sorry if I ruined your post.
Keep breaking that promise to myself...
I never get what I want.
I should have kissed her then
Empathy is a rare emotional intelligence
This is hard. I get depressed.
"What should I believe?" She whispered.
Depressed...don't know what to believe.
The dam cracked, thoughts spilled out
The dam broke, thoughts spilling forth
The dam broke, his thoughts spilled forth
I sit at home doing nothing.
I write songs. shes the inspiration.
What have we learnt since COVID-19?
Robber draws knife, shopkeeper draws glaive.
He doesn't love me.... remember that.
I feel lost within my dreams.
her colors come out in darkness.
Never gonna give you up... *sigh*
Never gonna give you up... \*sigh\*
Serial killer hungrily eyes jury members
Who are you? Said her Grandma.
He saw him sawed by her
I want impossible and terrifying things...
Engrossing book... she didn't notice him.
Witnessing such volcanic eruptions is priceless.
Ice cream dripped off her chin.
I will learn to overcome anxiety.
Got a punching bag and stand!
Am I in trouble with you?
You don't trigger fight or flight...
Internal stillness despite the surrounding chaos.
Why won't you believe I'm alive?
Violent play fight, canvas of bruises.
Violent play fight, delightful bruises bloom.
Violent playfighting leads to delightful bruises.
"Which cigarette did it?", he wondered.
Yer a wizard, Harry HAA! BAZINGA!!
"It's not 'minimalism' when it's 'involuntary.'"
"...It's not 'minimalism' when it's involuntary."
Pictured: son (left) and father (missing)
Christmasssbeeeef .... how things gets done FROWMNGMMYAWWW?!?!?!?
Sleeps I slept yesterday: Ummmnmmmmms... NONE!!!!!!!!!!
I would NEVER swallow your Rybelsuses!
Held the wedding before the funeral
Under constant surveillance, my thoughts whispers.
"Hey guys, we are your brothers!"
Im the architect of folly. Jenga!
Have I frightened you yet again?
He drowned in half filled shoes
Impossibly he crawled outta her phone.
Wandering. Wondering. Pandering. Pondering. Why? Why?
I sing for those I love.
And let them think theyve won.
Need to focus on what's controllable.
Are Bees Circulation Dundee Every Friday?
Couldnt stand up without standing out.
Long distance relationship. Poor WiFi connection.
I never met a sober person.
Alien artifact? Or giant bird skull?
Remind me why I'm still alive.
Next lifetime is too far away.
Why is that giraffe on fire?
If you could fight anyone, who?
Dreamed three fingers were chopped off.
And so I thought, but no
Love isn't for people like us
Resistance bloomed when it rained rockets.
jumped on the rails: "a train"
Her heart lied. Pain spoke truth.
Being a child my whole life
Favorite purple blanket chases away nightmares.
Scarred puppy attacks porcupine, third time.
Extra chicken nuggets! She likes me!
"Get off...or else!" He warned.
Its 4AM. Just one more episode.
With sadness I understood her non-answer.
Everyone, leave me alone! ...hello? Anybody...?
"Taylor!" "I am Jane, Dad." "Who?"
"You're too soft.." his thoughts hissed
Join our webinar! WEBbINoR dJinn WHisPBINAR!!!!!
Didn't sleep. Work will be rough.
Life it seems to fade away
The past is public. Your lies..
She is squandering our precious time.
She is squandered our precious time.
The Mormons probably think I'm crazy.
Please help me. Tell me everything.
I lacked the courage to be
Im worth more, than plausible deniability.
Cavity, filled. Tongue, numb. Oral fixation.
He remained silent. And she died.
The warm breeze chilled his bones
He'll never polish his shoes again.
Meet. Date. Sex. Snap. Child. Marriage.
If you shoot now, we die!
"Yeah, I'm just tired is all"
Life went by. Oops, we're dead.
Brave new world. Still no sleep...
How do you delete my posts?
I need verifiable proof and soon.
Caught by the traps I laid.
Grant me permission to stop existing...
The love I feel.... I'm drowning.
I need a hug. I'm overwhelmed.
Tik Tok's time's up. Our sincere app-ologies.
She kneeled, "My life is yours."
Prince pretender is enthroned. People leave.
A dizzying show of timeless affection.
I really deserved that 2nd place.
This is not six words long
Funny, I don't remember growing up.
I still love you, lifes just...
"This is a restaurant. No dildos."
Sorry for ignoring, I'm mentally dead.
Lick your own brain, Brian! Gah
Hello? 911? I ate my Jamaican.
I need safe comforting dreams tonight.
You know I cope using humor...
Sorry. I'll be serious. No jokes.
It's kinda a lot. Be patient.
Pity the circumstances are not different...
20 years is an absurd amount...
Good morning, Sunshine! Triple bourbon, thanks.
I'm always alone in the shower.
I might turn 30 next year.
How one carries themself tells all.
Play MiniMe? In future mysteries? Nah.
Comforting ghost friend gave air hugs.
Personal demons are not slain easily
Remember how it felt like magic?
Only one left to mourn her.
The nation holds its nasty breath.
The centre of an entrapping vortex
I didnt need that hug anyway
I'm feeling feisty, anyone wanna fight?
Without you I'd be in heaven
Confrontation was not their best option.
A little death never hurt anyone....
I'm sick of being in trouble!
Ugh. I am in trouble again....
Prosecutor seeks not justice but victory.
Inside the whales belly, hello there!
Nobody is gonna kidnap you silly.
And a little bit louder now.
"You are not needed anymore. Goodbye."
Getting old: so tired, then death.
...maybe... I am not needed today....
"He will call when I'm needed."
Giving exams: To pass ,not succeed.
Exclusive shoplifting experience. $20,000 per person.
No recourse! No subversion! Yes, sociopathy!
Silver bullet, failed plan, forever howling
Tell me.... are you really him?
The stealthy assassin whispers a one-liner.
'Love you'. 'It will go away'
I miss when you were gone.
Waves are crashing on my head
Black and white are not exclusive
Juice boxes, my only connection left
That fucking bell. It never stops.
That family is no good, dude
Tiny beetle oval. Butterflies up next
The Beef Wellington isnt very safe
Everything is rehearsed, even this, now
Is the soul the one truth?
The cat is always following me
Juvenile boys cannot stray from guidelines.
I like being scared. It's fun...
You aren't dangerous. I'm not scared.
The wind carried her to safety.
How can I appease you? Tell me...
I forgot you won't do that...
Fine... but that's really not fun.
Wizard! I demand a play fight!
Thank you for playing with me.
Took her off the pedestal, you up.
What happens next? Dying to know...
What happens next? Dying from curiosity...
"I was brave enough to dream."
Humanity is suicidal with love intended.
"Three sugars please" shouted old toothless.
You smell different when you're awake
Daddy touched my inner circle, lovingly.
Ominous lightning announced his imminent arrival.
Silence loudly shouts with schizophrenic whispers.
200 song playlist, lots of skipping.
Made Swedish thumbprint jam cookies!
Beers are cold. Strippers aint sweaty.
Grilled bratwurst for dinner. Sorry atmosphere!
I'm pretty darn tough, don't worry!
Dead wolf. Six cubs. Full moon.
The thirst was methodically consuming them
Sexy effort. She brought it twice.
My phone autocorrects "dying" to "driving."
My phone autocorrected "dying" to "driving."
Does the end justify the means?
Deaf singer. Blind artist. Paralyzed dancer.
Demons run when good men break
But that isn't what a penis.
Maybe lulled into submission is better?
I'll work on my anxiety, promise.
I'll start meditating, that'll help too.
I also use NAC for anxiety.
L-theanine helps me with panic attacks.
Protective of my mother, moving delayed.
I got stung by a bae
Could't ever've happened ta shrimkTThole's's buttPUBERISMhole
A "push" imagined simply never happened.
Well, we think youll probably live...
I could jack or not jack.
Caution is prudent, fear is debilitating .
"CNN lies! I trust this meme."
Everything you are, we gave you
"Truly wonderful painting...What is it?"
I can see your heart's colors.
I catch myself missing her childhood
My heart is pumping with irritation.
Once you've looked it's too late.
Bat flew past her head. His.
Not allowed to be sad ever?
Look! I'm allowed to be sad...
Grief... loss of what should've been.
Turns out, Alexa lied to me
What if Gloria Gaynor is wrong?
Everything seems bleak when life stagnates.
Lets try blackhead removing Covid masks!
she only cares when im dead
hidden from you, visible to death
...could only be called surgical jazz.
Ears dont ring because of tinnitus.
My Bisquik raged as AnniMae's flulcrumspraised.
Phil's daughter's eyes outed her, "slut!".
You died; You are a bird.
Dust settles upon benches men lived.
*stubs toe* ouch! fuck! Not now
Not scared. Not frightened. Just nervous...
I've never been terrified of you...
Chasing dreams... or they're chasing me?
Underneath the waves, I drown ecstatically.
For some, the apocalypse had arrived.
That was an unfair question, sorry.
"Are we alone?" "Yes. And no."
Orwell spun in his grave, again.
It blinked. The sun fucking blinked.
Why didn't you try telling me...?
Gentrification is boring peoples' American dreams.
I wished on stars for you...
Sauntering contentedly to my ex-girlfriend's bloodbath.
You should have told me sooner.
Refusing to be one of many.
alive. just paralyzed. please stop digging.
"Disarm the police": Hannibal's inaugural address.
"Disarm the police:" Hannibal's inaugural address.
Moonie describes a female assailant -- Punchy?
Each of our nepahalimsystems was slipstrillisn tested.
Are you calling from GOOD jail?
God could have made abortion sin.
Every heart is a lonesome hunter.
10:50PM; Worst News. No Pancake Breakfast.
He was much older than her.
"Mom, she's beautiful... but she smokes."
Bobby? Silence. Please help me! Silence.
"That was 20 years ago!" "ugh..."
Dreamed I absorbed people's negative emotions.
Tried making memories. Missed real ones.
It was NOT burning my hand.
they crawl up through the cracks
Small efforts can bring great joy.
I'm hoping for some crazy dreams.
Closet open, Ernie and Bert out.
Silent protector watching from the shadows.
My stomach in knots from anxiety.
There is beauty in walking away.
I'm over destruction. Now under construction.
Toddler sniffle killed robust sicario, eventually.
Too informal, be firm going forward.
Trainee won't stop talking... I'm stressed.
I have always been extremely trusting.
No clue how to avoid punishment. :/
Your post disappeared. Your trust too?
I have decided to trust you.
Do. Not. Touch. Read the Braille
Not moving anymore, plans have changed.
Life is rainbows and paper umbrellas.
Realization of how it could've been.
Murder podcasts help keep me focused.
PhD in ADHD. Most dropped out.
My bite of rice is squirming.
Pizza being eaten with a spoon
Let's talk this out while sleeping.
Secondhand baby clothes smell like cigarettes
A bump in the night, then....
Your powers do not frighten me.
Gunspray... body did the bullet ballet.
Long story short, can't use penis.
a trillion deaths is a sourdough.
In my youth I reupholstered, yes.
Yo, Your Arm Stupid Short, Tobochwicod!
Casual closeness, a prelude to romance?
They. Don't. Like. When. You. Stare.
Who do you think you are?
Daughter's phone had ninety unopened voicemails
My mind is oddly quiet today...
Keep sucking. Dont mind the smell.
Sleeping hypnotist mocked by worldly nuns.
Why can't you hear my screams?
Create something...anything... every single day.
Therapy's the reason that I drink.
After the fifth ring, I knew
Eyes wide open but seeing nothing
She turned away, leaving them behind.
Not fight... just forced into submission.
Helping to find neighbors border collie.
A forced submission is more fun...
I'm kidding! I'll be good! Promise!
What is the cost of defiance?
Please help me...please help me.
May I have a mental hug?
Contact with family leaves me enraged.
No more money, out of cigarettes.
Ah shit. I'm in deep trouble...
Kinda anxious... I'm bad with authority.
Anxious... I'm really bad at rules.
Made the incision then forgot everything.
Guests shuffle. He still waits forlornly.
Slipping through cracks, time flows on
Guards are more powerful than gods.
Pain shall pass, but not yours.
Unimaginable intimacy, quantum entanglement of minds.
Linked minds... lies are an impossibility.
I fucking love maple syrup eh.
Not today. Feels a little Muslimy.
Your mind's playing tricks on Hugh.
Teardrops fell like rain that day.
My bottle empties faster without You.
Teardrops fell like raindrops that day.
Satanic cult turned animal rescue sanctuary...?
Satanic cult turned rescue animal sanctuary...?
Satanic cult turned animal rescue sanctuary....?!
Leaning forward, she kissed HIS lips.
Don't Procrastinate Today, Wait Until Tomorrow!
Thoughts will determine what is real.
Never had a thing for fairytales.
Once introduced to paint, I solidify
Sexiness is attitude, not physical appearance...
Woke up optimistic about the future.
Astroid crashed. Melted dinosaur feeds steel.
Son psychotic so time traveler aborted.
Everything unravels the same way.. Messily.
Everything unravels the same way... messily.
Indifference beats hatred as best revenge.
She quit fellatio. He divorced her.
Face mask caught in air purifier
So sick of being his monster.
"Same old shell, different thinking mechanics"
Error: pregnancy detected. Abort/retry/ignore?
Life is hard ... life is hard.
Leaning forward, she licked her lips.
Learning forward, she licked her lips.
A lost childhood friend, a shadow.
A childhood friend, lost in shadows.
Made Bitcoin billions using temporal computer.
The saddest oxymoron ever: homeless veteran
the earth shook in the darkness
i am nostalgic for the present
Youre off the hook said ruefully .
His panic subsided. Her test negative.
in love , a lie was hidden
"Okay Google, remind me to breathe."
It's not dead but it's buried.
love betrayal, bliss agony , too close
Unbelievable! Another one's bit the dust!
Stumbling, I fall deeper into myself.
Don't murder your spouse. Just divorce.
He carried it in his heart.
Garbage. Mmmph. Now! Grrr! One, ... Fine!!
Discovered: baby skeleton inside jurassic mother.
In death, I hugged my ancestor.
Things don't get better, just different.
a lonely heart can only hope
They never saw eachother ever again
In disbelief...I got the promotion!
Hey now.... are you conditioning me?
I will do better, I promise.
I'm incapable of aggression towards you.
Stop punishing me you grumpy wizard!
Her thorough investigation revealed unsettling revelations.
The wind played with her hair.
You're in Bogotoa? I'm in Goatthroatboa!
Wheres my parachute? We ate it.
See you later, dad said sarcastically.
I love you, said the terminator.
The sleeping orphan screamed in Latin.
All I needed was a hug
Sorry eh. Didn't mean any harm.
The sleeping orphan screamed in tongues.
My orphan child screamed in tongues.
Dead roses bowed at his grave.
Future money will be called Bezos
He didn't want to frighten her...
Your presence makes my soul tremble.
Googled "Alzheimer's". All results are purple.
The sixth word means no love.
How many died? Six including you.
Rose up high for the prize.
Your love is dark cold magic.
Despite our differences, I understand too.
I can smell the grass screaming.
Im sorry that happened to you.
Days are long; weeks are short.
She took his breath away. Forever.
I'm helpless when it comes to you...
You know my vulnerabilities, be kind.
You can't force someone to love.
I can't outrun my compromised thoughts.
Time and distance doesn't kill love.
Can't help but get into trouble.
Heaven isn't for people like us
What's the frequency for Radio Gaga?
Theres serious money to be made.
She won't be the same again.
Cinema evokes tears. Yet humanity doesn't.
Blocked the darkness with sunglasses on.
Some inward cries results irreversible destruction.
Sleep is the closest to death.
If not you, then please me.
But all I wanted was you.
Remember, your life is a lie.
Once upon a time, in a
She collapsed into pillows and blankets.
Silent tears are rarely great companions.
Countable sets have outer measure zero.
So tired. Just two more minutes...
Your damn promises gave me scars.
Humans only know one temporal dimension?
Dead man's pit in my stomach
I want to physically fight someone.
Just let me vent for heckin sake!
Her eye donor is an artist.
Her eye donor was an artist.
Nothing you reveal will frighten me...
You are my last missing part
No safe words, I'm feeling dangerous.
It kills me that you understand.
Heimliched pregnant woman. Delivered baby too.
Darwin tried, god damn safety regulations...
Help me... fill in the blanks.
She is a princess from Australia
I don't feel strong, just apathetic.
Your strawberry stained lips beckon me
Desperate back then : now even more.
Six feet separated. Only a memory.
The Krabby Patty Secret Formula is...
Distance does not separate, disinterest does.
Struggling hard today... Everything is him.
Priest cures boy's homosexuality with trauma.
Changed note to Will kept names.
God disables Job's wifi. Job disaffiliates.
He wielded absolute control over her.
Are you really letting me go?
Can't get away running in place.
Fear interacts with my body differently...
What happens when you catch me?
What happens when he catches me?
Army attacked during parade. Everything destroyed.
Fear interacts with my body differently.
Dreams coming true, foretelling possible doom.
Fun work woman, let's laugh together!
Vultures are carnivores, and youre meat.
Tim wasn't scared straight. Quite opposite.
Just a dream; still at orphanage.
It's not conflict. It's ethnic cleansing.
Identified by his dog tags Maam
Fresh Flowers for an old grave
A Mothers love; Gone to waste
Final masterpiece destroyed by word processor.
Guess you can burry him now.
His final masterpiece, destroyed by word processor
Uh oh, this surgery is fucked
Heroes never die in popular fiction.
Mars is finally completely human-free!
Their dreams are all my nightmares.
Seventh heaven is the landing spot.
She chewed her lip in anticipation...
Warning this imagination tends to wander.
Avoided abortion. Orphanage. Adopted. Abused. Suicide.
She likes how I eat pudding.
Sleep-deprived me in an insomniac world.
She nervously inquired about his plans.
Inconspicuously he watched but rarely intervened.
Vampire uses embalming tools to feed.
Vampire uses mortician's needle to feed.
Lost hope embracing frustration lights out.
Roommates with Kids doesnt equal marriage
They do not come in peace
"Stand by and stand back" - Trump
Headbanging might shear your sclerae, Enya.
The evil plant people attacked viciously.
Stop punishing me you grumpy wizard!
We rang the cancer bell together
Whose toe was it then, Sebastian?
Sick of loving you through memories.
Sick of loving you through memories.
Grown numb, to who I've become.
Her golden glow caressed me unconditionally.
My husbands older. Now I am.
Lost my virginity in one bite.
Why am I always in trouble....?
Divers search pond. Amber alert cancelled.
Referendum- Week eliminated; 13 month years.
Left trussed up in dragon's lair.
Residents 100 miles inland smell seawater.
I ventured into the Dragon's cave.
Won the lottery. Gonna get stoned.
True story, I survived the operation.
He was bad at counting.
A long game of Uno, abandoned.
My twin, falsely accused of crime.
"But he said it was normal.."
Please somebody, say that you object!
"What are your intentions?" She demanded.
I know that you are interested...
How was that offensive? Have mercy...
This moment. Right now. That's it.
"Where's the optimism?" "Not here." Oh...
Reality and fantasy probably shouldn't merge.
Some people are accomplished energy vampires.
What would your last words be?
Wife agrees vaccine turned husband gay.
Just gonna pretend you're not there.
I'm not neccesarily writing about you...
It's fun to write about that...
Veins calcified, her heart ivory stone.
Doing advanced deprogramming and mindfulness exercises.
"My reward?" "A female body." "Deal."
I never learned to count very well.
The Djinn no longer granted wishes.
It was there, all this time
How do I avoid your wrath?
Another day has come and gone.
"Wanna hold your hand" was code!
Since the execution I feel relieved.
Feel the fear, do it anyways.
He chose grindr over my pussy
He took more than he gave
I love you dad. Keep fighting
Deadly explosion. You will be mist.
Love mended the threads of fate.
Honestly? Nothing can surprise me anymore.
A failed effort trumps no effort.
Some of these stories seem real
My abandonment issues drove him away.
The isolated castle was deathly quiet.
No magick would save her now...
Long live the Queen of Exaggeration.
The castle was deathly quiet.
I practice worship on my knees.
Despised reaction,that didn't go well.
They hadn't yet seen the mirror.
Only mourner at my own funeral.
People love then betray then regret
I practice worship on my knees.
A dark capricious god among us.
Veteran gesticulated with nubs; standing ovation.
Im not mad, Im just disappointed.
His cat lost its balls too
Jumped through a rip in reality.
Glaring sun. Parched. Only desert ahead.
Sun blaring. Parched. Only desert ahead.
Revenge doesn't matter. Just ignore people.
"until it wasn't", most painful words.
But it was you who left.
You need shampoo for your soul
Please give me a 6 word memoir about moving
Apologies with conditions is just gaslighting.
Adam fucked Eve. . . . Then fucked Steve.
Reality feels fractured but nothing's impossible...
The rapist said I was crazy.
Im interested. Tell me about you.
COVID Culture; Fewer humans, Fewer problems!
Paradoxical feelings flooding brain and body.
Hot water. Pitch black. Unsettling comfort.
Warmth and protection from the darkness.
Love the bride, I'm not groom
I know Morse code , rain talks.
No she said, taking the ring.
Its her birthday, didnt wish her.
I forgot to lock the door
Half ass love, half ass efforts.
Final words: "Hush sweetie, daddy's alright."
...so I gave their kids harmonicas.
The witness was dead. Case closed.
Zen like state or simple exhaustion?
Salivating jaws swallowed the children whole.
Pedestal is unstable, a cliffs edge.
Increase in awful jokes? Probably depressed.
Shouldn't read while walking, it's dangerous.
Mere distractions from the brutal future.
It seems I've died. Oh well.
A bridesmaid at her own wedding.
Dentist, smiling: "One tooth or two?"
Hot nympho. Cold fish. He's drowning.
Winter got him. Spring got me.
Sylvia Plath the fuck outta here.
Contract tracers started with the wedding.
Program failure &gt; please think for yourself.
I need to find something wholesome.
Respected pharmacist high on own supply
Les motions extrmes sont parfois ncessaires.
Jeeze. Even my lunch is sad.
Jesus Christ David, Wheres Sarahs arm?
Teenage driver. $200,000 car. $5.00 gas.
They'll never believe we're from outer space.
Tried drowning puppy. Water wouldn't accept.
Racism exists. Racists exist. Race doesn't.
Autism killed him before he talked.
Autistic child: Dead ,but still breathes.
Stay away from half ass things.
The shriek, the shake, the slap
His eyes and his bright smiles.
You wasted your time reading this.
How to get over a lifetime?
Since the first account....she realized.
Heart flopped out with a dull thud.
Walk away on things that hurt.
Indebted to the dead. Deficit skyrockets.
One was lovable. The other, consumable.
Came for money. Stayed for kids.
"Stop micromanaging me!" She frustratedly huffed.
Tina crocheted a monster. Tinas dead.
She crocheted a monster. Shes dead.
They wanted revenge, settled for justice.
No man should be left behind.
Cant say no now, can you?
It was warm inside the snowman.
Two bodies, but one head found.
Les plaisirs ternels viennent de l'esprit.
Quiet, rain soaked funeral. Alone again.
You aint mamas favorite now, huh?
I dreamed we grew old together.
He gave me scars. Laugh lines.
One final goodbye before eternity alone.
Shackled wrists. Bruised knees. Unanswered pleas.
The plaque read: Do unto others.
Exorcised all night. Sweet demonless morning.
The white snow obscured the blood.
The trees harvest themselves each century
Citys lone survivor: It's safe now.
Body language and breath, hidden dialogue.
Body language and breath, hidden dialog.
Sacred energy circulated upwards; thunderous bliss.
Springtime is for flowers and leaves.
"Tomorrow will be better" he hoped
Statisically, two fish vagina doctors's Ausytraliams
Live as poetically as you can.
Reditt asked-username forever? OMG commitment.
Quickly....if your gonna end me.
I'd prefer to feel less pain...
If I run and hide, sorry.
"It's OK, I understand." He didn't.
Lacerations were sewn shut from inside.
Deductible life. Infinite love. Compounding interest.
Everest conquered. Died on the descent.
"I'm sorry." "Don't be." "I'll try."
Delivered; item you just considered buying
Stop watching me you silly wizard!
I care so...I'm walking away.
I'm honestly stronger than you think.
I killed my neighbor with kindness.
Stick it in, Im an American -John Mulaney
I smoked that, like a joint
And then the silence got louder.
Needed to hear that, thank you.
When youre ready, let me go.
Watched in darkness, sleep was fitful.
My mother said lovingly, "Never love"
He went, I lived on. Strange
I created a page. None followed
Stop crying, you don't deserve it.
This is where it all ends.
Keep it together, get that promotion.
LIE TO ME, turn me on.
Looking for a new bed partner
All holes filled, surprisingly I floated.
Safety found in soft warm blankets.
Safe in a soft warm blankets.
I'm just trying to be happy...
Was excited for cake, damn strippers.
Disposable, unlovable, irreconcilable, unpardonable, unforgettable, miserable
Someday, anyway, walkway, runway, everyday, dismay
Yesterday, straightway, breakaway, speed away, doomsday
I didn't do it, you grump.
They ate it whole, setting records.
Making chocolate mochi and watching Gridman.
Flirting woman laughs at my jokes.
Flirting woman laugh at my jokes.
Whose thong was under your pillow?
Now who is whose shadow, really?
Im making you respect others, lol
You said I could run. I'm running.
Protective magic kept her safely hidden.
Looking back, that's not gonna flush
He tried again as a grandfather.
Grab your rifle, we're under attack.
Missing dog poster, colors faded away.
Isnt it exhausting covering your tracks?
Somewhere, anywhere, whenever, wherever, whatever, forever...
Personality test told me I suck.
Spring cleaned at neighbors'. Found skeleton.
Deleted my browser history. Its time.
Don't look back, ghosts won't follow.
I'll never talk to you again.
Are you proud of your cruelty?
Owned a Lexus before a house.
Negativity like carbs, cast both aside.
Altruism, made not of detriment alone.
True altruism is not detriment alone.
Another wasted day, another worthless dollar.
When did r/boxing turn into r/LegalAdvice?
Between breaths we are all dead
Her spams brought the boat ashore.
Remember me, and I'll remember you.
Reading Malcolm X whilst microdosing mushrooms
Dogs are preferable to most humans.
"You won't ever be great, Alexander."
Hold my hand, dear darkness friend.
Even smartest blonde is dumbest humans.
No, not temporarily, its closed forever.
Her body relaxed, the threat overcome.
Two ice cream trucks? That's disgusting.
"Desire increases when fulfillment is postponed."
She's sorta just wailing down there.
Your skin is a known carcinogen.
May sun lifts the grey pall...
At least my future is bright.
What's the point in being cruel?
What's the point in hurting me?
Feel better after hurting me?
Lets burn this world. with thermite.
The sky vomited blood, not rain.
What's the point in hurting me ?
You win. You always do. Leave.
Cut my hair instead of wrist.
"I love your mess", they lied.
My god, she is so beautiful.
I sat under fluffy golden embers.
Some words louder read than heard.
sweat and fear drenched, he awoke.
She found the raging fire mesmerizing.
Don't shoot him. Instead, shoot me.
Repentance will never be payment enough.
I said dont touch me! Please...
The trail you left; quite astonishing.
As she slept peacefully, he wept.
Jokes aside... please leave me alone.
Honestly terrified I'll never be happy.
Delightful strawberry mochi, less sad now.
They thought she was only joking.
Excited to write about other topics.
Two steps forward, one back. Always.
God takes the smallest angels first.
A forest grew from the ashes.
Relieved and restored she moved on.
Not a single tear will fall.
His clothes came off too soon.
Please. . . dick, dont fail me now.
Im letting you go, for you.
2nd time trying the deprogramming course.
Going to go hide forever now.
Your obsession just doesnt stop, huh?
So frustrated I'm gonna spontaneously combust.
I am sorry for being unkind.
I couldnt just keep things bottled.
Sorry eh... promise I'll do better?
She begged him to block her.
Heh. You wasted my whole life.
I laugh to avoid my feelings.
"They probably eat babies for breakfast."
No way, he isn't that kind.
Made a quilt from your family.
I love you just seemed empty
Sad dinner. Tacos but no thickness...
Heaven is for nobody's like me
Jeffrey Epstein didnt kill him self
There are days even atheists pray.
"Blacks." "You don't mean...?" "Yes. Blacks."
You'll never break my HotPocket shelldaddy
No, Grandma's fine. Probably just cholera.
I'M STILL NOT ADVANCED ENOUGH, DONALD
I did request space. Spackle arrived.
I replaced her photos with condoms.
If anyone asks, we're both bodacious.
HIGH VOLTAGE can guarantee death, thankfully.
Tonic water does NOT prevent eunoia.
Let go. Let go. Let go...
I don't need anything from you.
What kinda hacking would this be?
Stop fretting. Nobody will remember you.
I have forgiven you. Stay happy.
No where to go but through.
Without you I'll be less stressed...?
I've got away with it again.
Dad, what was my sister like?
You're not real... go away please.
"Fine! Do your worst!" She snarled.
Rage fueling her courage, she fought.
No choice but to go forward.
Thought wed be thicker than thieves.
It's not cosmic. It's not love.
I'll walk away into my future.
Dreams don't work unless you do.
Be Bold Or Italic, Never Regular.
You didn't even try to apologize...
You didn't even attempt to apologize...
Dont let go until I go.
Politics induces anger. Anger induces impulsiveness.
"No, it's supposed to be red."
Kneeled on dude too long. Again.
Flowers and medals for empty graves.
Don't know which timeline I'm on.
I knocked on the elevator door o_0
there once was a baby boy  who later grew up and became very old 
His intense gaze made her dizzy.
"Please, no more!" She pleaded breathlessly.
His kiss stole air from her lungs.
She knew she wasn't powerful enough...
Hmm.Peanut butter doesn't belong there.
Fucking uncontrollable episodes. Again and again.
He took a break, and conquered.
Never heard silence quite this loud.
Sleep, please be kinder than lucidity.
He'd get a car, if alive.
She was paralyzed by her fear
I'm probably moving in a few years.
I'm getting married in the fall.
My new perspective, everything is pointless.
Felt all my hope drain away.
loneliness liked you and i together
He opened the package and fainted.
Go poop in your touque eh.
Hey darkness! Catch a sunbeam!
Just leave me alone. I'm exhausted.
"This is the next life. Duh."
Actions and words dont add up.
Hey darkness! Go catch a sunbeam!
I gifted you all my words.
I concede your victory. I'm destroyed.
Allow me to lick my wounds...
Please let me lick my wounds...
I'll just pretend you're not real...
You shouldn't seek to control others.
Song finished. Along with your memory.
Are you letting me get away?
I'm so sick of being sad.
I'm trying my best. Still hurts...
Words spilled out like life blood.
Sometimes wish shadow would end me.
At least Ive nothing to prove.
It sneaks in and laces EVERYTHING!
Her mother felled the fatal limb.
I CANT BREATHE BECAUSE OF YOU
What you did is NEVER ok
*farts* "There's your national anthem, Zaxby's."
cops HIKEY NEVER kneel on whites
Im suicidal because of you. Well????
A really good example! Thank you!
Taking this as permission to escape.
Taking this as permission to run.
Ive no time for wiener boys.
Peep how your captain's in it.
Praying? Who'd you think sent me!?
You shouldnt have invited me in.
Your unpredictability both attracts and repels.
Naked yoga, butthole eyeing the curtains.
where theres a Will theres away
His first kiss was with Steve.
You care only for your self.
Advice to self-avoid crazy woman
I wish I hadnt been kind.
Take my revolver and shoot me.
I can't do anything right
Stop sniffing my data, you psycho
You should have told me goodbye.
I just want my agency back.
Why do I have to beg?
I nurture others, yet rarely myself
You didnt want to get hurt.
Existence f*cks harder than anyone could.
You were afraid to love me.
Existence f*ucks harder than any human.
My heart yearns for you always.
I want your arms around me.
I miss looking into your eyes.
Everything always happens all at once..
Exhausted... he wanted to go home....
Words burn bridges, ash on tongue.
Which road leads me to you?
He was Born; Years later he died  
It was hidden in plain sight.
I farted and got dizzy. Weird.
Mannerisms, microexpressions, melancholy, madness.... and mayonnaise.
Thousand voices recite in my head.
Please live. One more day. Please.
Damn. It *was* the middle one.
Sandman, please grant me dreamless sleep.
My reality is a dumpster fire.
Open the wings of your mouth.
"Are you protecting me?" She asked.
I smile without feeling. Long dead.
I'm upset but okay. It'll pass.
Help. Breath good, no mama mia
Death is more inviting than life.
She's drowning but nobody saw her.
Please Death, don't take my children
I'm gonna shower in the dark.
Clouds covered sun. Rainbow melted. Storm.
Disheartened boy. Embittered man. Angry ghost.
Chewed and swallowed. Regurgitated. Ate again.
We met up. We shouldnt have.
"MY BABY!" she shrieked torn completely
I've smelt death and it's here.
He picked up the wrong sister.
Poetic haiku. Methodically structured. F*** syllables.
Pretzel sticks are the real mvp
Fresh Prince Bel Aire Theme Song
Two cheeseburgers, no meat; Just pickles.
I ran out of peanut butter
Ive got six words for you.......
Jesus Is Hiding with Jimmy Hoffa
Every thought of you, a knife.
I regret my deep emotional investment.
A matter of time, everything changes..
Woke culture gives me sleepless nights
Death is now unsure, unlike taxes.
She fell... that's what they'll think.
My biggest mood? Fuck. This. Shit.
"I hope we never meet again."
Sunken melancholy rose up; Monday blues.
He felt around inside his milkshake.
Her breaths tell me that she's asleep
Her bright smile is my greeting.
"Cause you're only eighty-five percent perfect."
"Mommy said she'd be right back"
Squeeze me until I fucking bruise.
I wanna fucking dance to it
Your silence speaks loud and clear.
I told you I was scary...
Your culture was a collection of fucking references. - Dan Harmon
And the Oscar goes to... LaLaLand!
Obsessed with stars? Yes. You? Nah.
Choosing; a choice I cant make.
Good or Evil? I choose grey.
She wished for telepathy, big mistake.
Unseen forces gathered energy from humans.
Fuck it. I'm moving to Canada.
He let's me down every time.
Vienna sausages should be called Shmalzweiners.
No response. His words have failed.
"Here they come. Prepare for battle!"
I cry alone. Thinking about you.
Please, dont leave, my heart bleeds
Drunk chainsaw accident, my ass. Literally.
Illiteracy the new innumeracy, study clams.
I NEVER ASKED TO BE LOVED
"Are you evil?" She asked nonchalantly.
"Are you evil?" She asked nonchalantly?
Superman went insane from survivor's guilt.
Her tiny jacket swinging without her
I promise you, I won't run.
Don't eat too much ice cream.
The universe is strange place eh.
Think, for once in your life.
She actually held him for once.
Join HaM today! - Hylians against Moblins
I wish I wasn't so happy.
The nanobots are reversing my vasectomy.
It was checkmate at first sight...
Alexa, silence alarm, unlock the safe
I think we should start anew....
thoughts consuming me, fueling my insecurites
Aww... they got my order wrong.
Why do I feel so.... unclean?
He scratched the itch, it bled.
Apocalypse 2: Its The End, Again!
This wasn't a game to me.
I won't run, hide or chase.
I'll stop playing poke the bear.
I will do what you want.
And you wonder why I run...
Best friend loves me at least...
You were a mistake, mom said.
i think death has abandoned me
All this to impress a woman.
Everyone will make a last mistake.
Exhibitionist masochist's death creates new religion.
Friends? I allow a select few.
Sorry for being a little dark.
Friends? No, only a select few.
Friends? I only allow a few.
Jesus preaches against guns. Recrucified. . . Again.
May eighth can be one syllable.
Shelterless, she had been his home.
You're not special, neither am I.
China wins case for global decimation.
Toilet: "Oh, hi!" Me: VIDEO WIPE
Oh they're cold as hotballs, Urkleberry.
She punched herself in WHOSE place?
I slipped on your shamphoones again.
I'll fight you in my dreams.
Goodnight. I hope I don't dream.
"Dildos," said the sailor. "Check." Gunshots.
Fuck it. I'm moving to Canada.
I expect different results without changing.
I expect different results without changing...
Why do I keep hurting myself?
Wish I knew what you wanted.
Blind Man Sees, news at 11.
She said Venus, he said Mars.
Lie. Said the voice of instinct.
This werewolf is my comfort animal.
People's personalities seem stuck in adolescence.
Franklin, Frankenstein collaborated. Monsters win independence.
Early to dead; early to rise.
I maintain that I was provoked.
Can't hear you, internal screaming louder.
She died, but he didnt mind.
Flowers planted only bloom in time.
Watching you from afar with pride
Trust was misplaced, a last thought.
Coffee, chocolate, and a scorching intellect.....
Lost track of time. 2022 yet?
Traps clink. Jerry hides. Theyre back.
Normalcy?! Do you even remember normalcy?
Her seduction tools, coffee and chocolate....
Vaccines successful. Pandemic over? Not quite.
Poetry is my emotional projectile vomit.
Poetry is emotional vomit for me.
First try rehab, wish me luck.
Help wanted: someone with eleven fingers
Emotions: don't run and don't cling.
Work, no sleep. Nap and repeat.
My reflection smiled when I frowned
Imagine, we used to have funerals.
Life is too short, he realised.
Living the dream, just not mine.
Don't know what is real anymore...
What was real? What was fantasy?
Her breath caught in her throat...
She knew nothing would get better.
Had a bad day, bought books.
She froze. He wasn't a doctor.
Can I return a wedding dress?
Ive got another confession to make!
I hate goodbyes, so fuck off
I have a dream. Nevermore.
Good cops face higher "accidental" death.
2020: fewest mob car bombs detonate.
Everyones busy she whispered No stories
A sensation of dread is building.
Where have all the bodies gone?
She found pleasure in offending others.
Hug me till I stop overthinking.
Born Tuesday. Married Wednesday. wheres Rover?
Here lies Jonny. Its not loaded.
Oh no. Oh shit. Fuck. Shit!
The dogs whisperedthen they laughed.
She planted the seeds and waited.
I feel silly counting my fingers.
The ceiling used to be vacant.
Nothing existed, then happened the blast.
Will you ever answer my questions?
Your chatty coworker ruined our juju.
I sweat Mac and cheese sauce
It wasnt delivery, it was digiorno
Find balance, dont overplay your hand....
Hold your breath. Footsteps creaked above.
Before was was, was was is
I forgot to ask a question.
They want to keep you afraid.
I tell the stars stories about you.
My parents like you she gushed.
He was the nice guy in office.
Your body is a haunted house.
It went full sonic... no boom.
Books are preferable to my life.
Err control? Those lights are back.
She smiled mischievously, he couldnt understand.
Ya, I like it like that
Lllllllllllet's bounce around on my sentences...... . . . . . . !
Let's bounce around on my sentences.
Royal Family? More like polite mobsters
Who lengthened my extra-wide side penis?
Who striped my extra side weenus?
Stop watching me sleep. It's creepy...
Apollo, we have got a problem.
He fell in love through window.
Happy Four Twenty Everyone on Reddit.
I just accidentally the whole thing
She called them. They killed her.
I'd be honest if I could
Why didnt I take that seat?
Mother's pain. Newborn breathes. Mother's joy.
Seething with rage, remembering past abuse.
Rodney King has finally been avenged.
I need someone, anyone, to blame
Drink a beer, it will help.
That portrait was actually a window.
Considering my past, I'll be fine...
I'm probably worrying too much, right?
Accountability leads to a better world....
The vultures had plenty to eat.
Vaccination received, now feel like superman.
Ready to get off this rollercoaster.
Concerned those dreams were actual premonitions.
I got arrested by Steven segal
Sharp shallow breaths... fear has control.
I love open-mindedness, in correct amounts.
An odd cop among them, Serpico.
Dog stands its ground, shoots intruder.
Why I prefer treadmill: no cops.
Impotent frustration funneled into hate politics...
This is a six word story
r/suicide went silent, yet there's members
I AM, Your Will, Unto Others
The concrete rushed upwards towards him.
Popped my six word story cherry!
Paths. Many paths. Walk only one.
Look inside my head, he wished.
The short squeeze will be epic
My clone insists she's the original.
If the shoe fits... you're Cinderella...
Self-sabotage, crying and nail biting. Sounds familiar?
He died for her, not knowing....
Not beer, an adult drink instead.
Sometimes you live. Sometimes you die.
Occam's razor tells me I'm crazy...
"Community? Raise the public service barriers!"
Here's to fighting your demons, salut!
Walking down the aisle, she tripped.
Wake from octopi dreams more prehensile.
Back to back panic attacks lately.
Two fingers equals one thubuns, Creasar
He said enough to societal demands.
she foreced my overdose so what
I haven't wept in 1.9529 weeks!
Backed into corner, unsure of intentions...
Boring life, or hell? Gimme hell.
Monday morning, the bane of creativity.
More miscreants have meandred than wandred.
Whose scrotum is it? Thank you.
Thinking about myself never got old.
Somehow everyone lacks this quintessential quality
Panic attacks always hit at night.
Build many walls, burn enough bridges.
SW: 200. CW: 175. GW: 0.
Self-bondage experiment; can't reach key.
Vertigo. The world revolves around me!
She traded her soul for bread.
My story isn't about you. Sorry.
I'm not frightened of shadows anymore.
You know I won't fight back.
Go ahead and hurt me again...
Fight then! Be mean to me!
What do you want from me?
Move forward or quit. Limbo sucks!
He gets excited when he hike.
The ferret scurried; leaps of freedom.
With time, he became agitated perfectionist.
Mafia merman's sleeping with the fishes.
Have a good day, I will.
His wife's last words: "Love again."
Do whatever is required to win.
Synchronicity or too many darn coincidences?
Their laughter is my greatest reminder.
I wouldn't make a good pet.
The devil aint worried about you.
Stalking is insanely easy these days.
Wild ride on the other side.
I saw her, one year ago.
Turns out, I enjoy food, mom
Today I'm gonna be a dad
Cruel winds fan my nightmares.
Inner conflict raged in her mind.
I'm feeling so tired, Enter Sandman.
Fear dictated everything in his life.
Lack of communication leads to disaster.
Dad is probably sick, won't talk.
Afraid to reply to bio aunt...
Forced into an old people's home.
Doctor Lecter, you have mail...
He was her childhood wish manifested.
The first sighting was a pyramid.
Envy first, jealousy second, revenge third.
Remake the world as you wish.
She remained silent for her kids.
During dark showers invisible hands touch.
You innocence was taken at midnight
Are you trying to frighten me?
A boy's first love... his dog.
She felt naked passing through mall.
She watched helplessly as he killed them.
Darkness enveloped her, sinister yet comforting.
"It's Okay" she said, "We're swingers"
Nothing could keep him from her.
The Angels horns trumpeted, Gladiators! Ready!
Don't ban cigarettes. Ban the smokers!
Women past, stir emotions. Sweet regret...
The future, I touched it once.
A heavy casket, yet almost empty.
He won. His father looked gloomy.
Picking your nose in the car
Passion is lost. Don't forget me.
She hopped on; he got off.
wow that guy ate a bee
Her birthday, he forgot. Nothing new.
I will definitely do it tomorrow.
I can't, because i promised you.
He killed his brother, first homicide.
He lit a cigarette while burning.
Dangerous psychic refrains from destroying enemies.
I never wanted to hurt you
Wish carefully, you may get it
Take me now, my beloved demons.
Rain aided her after he left.
Happily live after, Ha Ha Ha.
He asked help; he demanded ownership.
Fate had a few punches left
Radio was her companion, family told.
Deep conversation is a powerful aphrodisiac
All that glitters are insanely broken.
I cried into my book today.
Date with an introvert. Bring book?
We found your wifes body. Fuck.
Dont become digestible. Let them choke.
Legalise drugs. For my birthday. Please!
Lies are their way of living
She walked whilst reading her book.
A gun, a choice. "Uh... tails."
Are there rules to this game?
Seen some things. Know some things.
The smoke cleared, still felt bliss.
Patient was discharged to Jesus Christ.
Gun to your head, the end.
Bullet proof vest - they used gas.
Nightmares were an escape for her.
Truth and sincerity, or algorithmic judgement?
I admit defeat. Please be merciful...
Blood is thicker than her poison
Guess I'm still a little upset...
She tried every poison, still failed.
Show not tell, six word challenge
I recently gave up passive smoking.
You're spilt milk, I'm lactose intolerant.
She reminds me of the sun.
His colour influenced the jurys decision.
Quiet, or they'll find you! - SETI
Twenty-five cents to see God.
I lie... she's happy... worth living
Your eyes...dead like outer space.
Soooooo.. , like. Ozymandias? Dead?..... or Undead?
Lactose intolerant shipped to reeducation camp.
Once she dies, I can live.
He tried every recipe, still failed.
Reserve chute failure... hole in field.
"The axe forgets; the tree remembers"
Not your body, your mind instead
Five and seven word stories disappoint.
Where did this blood come from?
"Walk time, bud!" Silence. "Oh. Right."
To(o)many people, overpopulation is problematic.
Marriage vows. Secret lover. Dangerous liaisons.
Marriage vows. Secret lover. Dangerous Liaisons.
Med school, finally! forever, in formaldehyde.
You were my everything... I'm sorry.
Rebirth happens through shifting your perspective.
A re-gift is still a gift...
Phone rings. Clemency granted. Execution proceeds.
Tell me something I don't know....
Murder mysteries and horror novels. Therapy?
Create a world to disappear into.
During fights I say regrettable things.
Please just stay away from me.
I will be okay despite everything.
He crossed the line and lost.
Click Here To See Me Naked!
I just really like the stonk
Please dont ban me from Reddit 
Cash Rules Everything Around Me. CREAM.
Wu Tang. Its for the Children.
Glove dont fit, you must acquit
Will you stay with me forever?
Everyone witnesses horror. Some outlive it.
People were enjoying. He was daydreaming.
Maybe I deserve to be hurt...
Maybe I deserved everything you did.
Maybe I deserve to be hurt...
Develop bond, sever bond. Pattern confirmed....
His cruelty towards her was stunning.
His cruelty was stunning to her.
"Earth's exploded," intoned our RatBot overlord.
He released her from the curse.
He longer held control over her.
The power he has was given.
No longer looking towards the past.
She will get away this time.
This time I won't look back.
Your game is dangerous for me.
He discovered the alarm too late.
I'm not your toy or pet!
Stop playing with my feelings. Please...
Only six words, much left unsaid...
6 week medical boot camp: $5000.
Deep breaths...just exist for now.
He's just a dream. Not real.
Duct tape two dollars. Silence, priceless.
He asked, she declined. Wisdom prevails.
Then its farewell, for the best...
I'll be fine. Just stay away...
Some people simply cant play together.
You must think I'm a fool.
10 wasted years amounted in nothing.
Forever he promised. Liar she thought.
You had a great future. Pity.
She was aloof, he looked elsewhere...
I know that you weren't Shadow.
I know I'll never find Shadow.
It's almost like you are dead.
Cocoa Puffs make my teeth hurt
Your Vehicle Has An Extended Warranty
Bad Bitches, please, send elbow pics.
Shot the sheriff, not the deputy
The Wheels On The Bus Go.......
Iceberg ahead. Ship sinks. Major film.
Hit me Baby, One more time
Boy recruits. War. Men Veterans.
I have to forget you exist.
Silly Sally Soup sank her sandwich.
Ugh! I'm stuck on a timer!
Sorry guys, Im new to Reddit.
My Accountant Said  Buy The Dip
The Birds Werent Birds At All.
Then, they all shit their pants.
Someday this pain will be useful.
I can be sick and paranoid.
I can't quit, I quit quitting.
He ignored her when she inquired.
Phone rings. Clemency denied. Execution proceeds.
She buried the axe... with him.
If my butthole explodes... I win?
You butthole exploded. Pleasure's all mine.
My ENTIRE outdoor pissfountain smells wizzishly.
Your ass ISN'T white? I'll try.
You kick airplane seat... Vladimir Putin.
And by "worse", you mean how?
He carried pain his whole life.
Fuck us triply as mouthtoothed toiletries
*Thud* Morning News. Hit and run.
That is what you told me.
There was nothing magical about us...
She smiled; he felt like prince.
You honestly never cared about me.
You punched holes in my soul.
Thank you for setting me free.
Hah. You thought you destroyed me?
She smiled as the past burned.
His scorching body cooled after death.
The blind creature heard his sob.
She was drowning in her dreams.
"Sorry we couldn't afford your surgery..."
I would have been miserable, right?
I can finally be happy now.
Starting my life over without you.
There was never love between us.
Don't look back. There's nothing there.
"Take him instead, anyone but me!"
She was never taught to refuse.
Time to start making healthier choices.
Great day to fly a kite!
Seven rulers dies in seven days.
I said Im lonely, not alone.
you're my sweetest yet hurtful almost.
Put complexly, something mustn't be done.
Whys there no priests up here?
The hamburger demon is named Ronald.
You win. You finally broke me.
Future set in stone? Have chisel!
Skilled and purposeless - Send project(s) please
Tore nails scratching outside of coffin.
You win. You finally broke me.
You win. I don't care anymore.
Sorry, I meant - wait a bit!
Bought shovel because I miss Mom.
Oh, people. Just be more patient.
Leave the body, bring the head.
For sale: two kidneys. Matched pair.
Show is over. Close the curtains.
You realize DaBaby has an OnlyFans.
When the impersonator is acting strange!
Looking ahead, her mind felt clearer.
You can only trust the present.
For sale: elderly shoes, well worn.
Thicker than thieves. . . Physique. Not loyalty.
First they loan. Then they own.
You will never catch me again.
Ther is one iposter AMOG US
Glued up just like a poster.
A quick flirtation, now gone. Stings.
A quick flirtation. Now gone, stings.
The crib had to be refunded
I will be fine. I'm strong.
This world is my actual hell.
I give up. There's no point.
My life is filled with pain.
No, I think I've had enough.
You will never catch me again.
Progress requires communication, silence equals stop.
Please just stay away from me.
I can finally move on now.
You will never see me again.
I'll never let you in again.
All this pain will finally end.
Haunting images flashed before bleak eyes.
I wish someone would murder me.
I don't deserve to be happy.
I will take your confessions now.
I'll scrub my memories of you.
Just stay in the shadows eh.
It was never real anyways, right?
I wont believe in foolish dreams.
I wish I could hate you.
I needed to hear that. Thanks.
Even casual closeness can seem scary....
Nice blowjob, said the seedless dandelion.
I need to see you soon.
The chair fell. The girl didn't.
Ah-One, ah-two, ah-three four nope never.
You hit me with a coconut?
Not gonna lie, my heart hurts.
You bring intrigue, I bring passion
That was extremley depressing, you know.
Well I guess that's it eh.
Doc?? It ain't supposed to bleed?
Prologue. Rising action. Climax. Descent. Denouement.
I burn bridges for the warmth.
The cheese under his cocks crest.
Don't blame me, I voted Independent.
So that itching? It's not good.
Better not to say a thing.
My sons birthday, raise your glasses.
She wore her scars like stripes.
Fuck, he is the Scranton strangler.
Emergency door is locked from outside.
Time is slipping away from me.
Eventually, all these waves will settle.
Sending everyone the biggest, warmest hug.
Fear never builds, but hope does.
Balls do be sweaty, moms spaghetti.
"Six Dead" Not quite, I chuckle
I made no effort whatsoever again.
A magician never reveals his taxes
The tides are shifting. Lousy detergent.
My inner demons got too comfortable
We're going to need more towels.
I'll admit I'm powerless against you.
Empty cans make lots of noise.
We fired. She missed. I didn't.
I can handle it this time.
I want to play your game.
You set my blood on fire.
I love being terrified of you.
Fought off a Wendigo... I'm hungry.
I like when you choke me.
Created a human then killed it.
Please remember that I love you.
Please remember that I love you.
I promise you I won't run.
We need to take a break.
Don't worry about scaring me, ok?
Do people believe their own bullshit?
The killer is at the funeral.
Her third eyes between her legs.
Triscuitous ridiculousness? In MY Mrs. Triceratips
Your heroes? All Scottish. Nirvana, yep.
Tap my shoulder. See? I'm real.
I HATE disclosing my proclivities... BUT........
Gazing into his dark eyes during.
The fairy tale softens the truth.
Worms eating my feet? Crocodile neat.
"You are worth it," He says.
I squeezed his hand, final goodbye.
Even the future cant save us.
Female agony results from unworthy men
So don't learn how to fight?
I just want to be stronger.
I've lit candles in a daze.
I'm choking on this ball gag.
You willing to die? Well see.
She looks determined without being ruthless.
Actions not words make someone dangerous.
Real loves so hard to find.
Smiling faces lie. I got proof.
Give me your voice, lovely man.
Your sweet face, in my hands.
Won the lottery; never seen again.
I know you'd never hurt me.
I'm the only survivor, once again.
Tore off head, shat down throat.
Your clever humor accentuates your sexuality.
You will regret it, daughter mine.
Faithful torment messiah with letter T.
The fire in her eyes, gone.
It's my imagination, I tell myself.
She used to pray for me.
Sorry but you shot me first
The worms crawl in then out.
No choice but to obey you.
I love you, don't be scared.
Sorry, I'm not good with authority.
Beforehand, they programmed the lie detector.
I find your presence very comforting.
We're all a bit sick eh. :)
I finally fell asleep, but dreamlessly...
I'm the only survivor, once again.
No choice but to obey you.
The dead are so anti-social.
I loved her; she wasnt ready.
Emboldened by faith, Abbadon was Excommunicated.
Born day apart, one's in prison.
Wait, that test wasn't April Fools?
I can't swim. Push me in.
I have unconditional love for you.
What I feel is unconditional love.
I know you'd never hurt me.
April's fool-ing around left her pregnant.
Your life does have meaning, though.
Messages, comments, posts, home. Refresh, messages...
I am ready, willing, and able.
When she spoke my demons slept.
2072: Leading historian invents word "plagiarism"
Dear ex, please return my panties.
Still a virgin at 41. Atheist.
My first orgasm: with a man.
Bloody clothes washing, bruises blooming everywhere.
Pills laid out, taken by handful.
He saw it. Didn't like it. Erased.
I promise I'll be good eh.
Something has just bitten the endoscope.
Politicians get away with anything now...
kl kl lk lk lklkLudestraiss intrue krauss dreaiuhhshhh biawsusususoisoepwpodfrolq8iuoswa s3d4d5f6gg6g7h8h89h8jh9k0k0a wswsw2swswesredsredsswsssdswssdsssdssdsss'sssdobie wang pussiy ga nobi, just rebouyntny, guitrar onbliewofopjus tou bu mreqaxzoyt, todayd, shleepis unjedderthsan xoun
She asked for it, wearing that!
Let's agree. No more evil Presidents.
Discovered, the hard way, vampires exist.
Its daughter specifically requested a penis.
He don't care. Christians don't, man.
Jealously ends more relationships than infidelity.
The best kind of ruler: forgettable
The vigil ended. Onlookers returned home.
I did warn him about me.
Elect me. I want your happiness.
There is no "U" in "democracy".
I will continue to hold GME
Human, if only for a moment.
Its not over, it never is.
Undercooked Chinese food meowed at me
Without method, there is only madness.
Im free? I dont buy it.
Overwhelmed by what I don't know.
Trustafarian freshman to homeless, "hakuna matata."
Monk hears on their last breathe.
Today, everything will be a lie
We're full of cuts and bruises.
My partner deserves better than me.
I don't think I'm strong enough.
Thank you for keeping me alive.
Forgotten moments are my only blanket
Trapped in my frustration and pain.
You make me feel so small.
I bare my neck. Cut here.
You said you didn't love me.
You said you never loved me.
Why don't you just kill me?!
I wish I'd just disappear eh.
I hate myself because of you.
Fuck. If I run far enough...
How do run away from yourself?
Sometimes I wish I'd disappear.
I don't know who I am.
My heart breaks every time you...
I want to forgive myself about you.
I just want to be happy...
Life would be shit without pride
A deep sadness obscures my dreams.
This anguish wells up without warning.
Came home early to see you
Some people add value, others detract.
Stuck on you, my life unglued.
One last transmission. Houston is gone.
Supervisor died. I received a raise.
Secretly, doctors have been solving overpopulation.
I am god. God is great.
No longer knew who he was
Im Hanging on with false hopes
I stumbled; she let me fall.
The monster, with conviction: "You monster."
Realise some losses set you free
Hes just a friend. He wasnt.
Friends dont let friends live lies
Tied myself in a staring contest.
Stabbed, shot, shocked; somehow still standing
I came. I saw. Shes pregnant.
Some people add value, others detract.
If it's true come see me.
It's been longer than 10 years?
Wanted to say that for years...
We used to roleplay in chatrooms.
I finally believe what you said.
Why dont you just give up?
One candle. Two people. Three shadows.
The rapist found her next victim.
First of all. . . the lies true.
Courthouse opens. Coyote v Acme Corporation
I won't cling to this heartbreak.
Toilet tissue ripped and fingers slipped.
Toilet tissue ripped and finger slipped.
Sure you took your medication, grampa?
'Jesus' backwards sounds like 'sausage.' Ha.
Bloodstained, her last self-portrait went unfinished
Nightmare or not there's blood stains
Loving me is, honestly, very stupid.
"You disgust me!" her God shouted.
"Me, with you?! Absurd!" "Not again..."
A suicide pact, her second one.
Coercive manipulation cannot destroy my mind.
Manipulation can not destroy my mind.
Manipulation will not steal my mind.
Her heart had spoken, let go.
Yesterday I watched the sun bake.
In is used as loves loophole
Got left behind. Life went on.
Im good at following instructions, apple
I ran in front of a...
In, out, in, out. Baby, out.
Its Cake Day! Life sucks otherwise.
She moved on but I haven't
Stop living in internet. Come back.
Searched YouTube "fatherly advice." Mom Instawhored...
YouTube's our dads. Mom Instagrams 24/7.
Suicide hotlines wait was too long.
Google, thats not my home anymore
The day I could sleep forever.
Pragmatism inhibits romance, just let go.
Slight change to butterflies. World destroyed.
Please renew subscription. Its not yours.
Japan lockdown benefit includes population boom.
I hurt myself, one last time.
Six word story search caused insanity.
Intellectual property?! That can't be mine.
Moving where you can't find me!
Moving where nobody can find me.
"Do you love me?" "Honestly?" "No."
Call it whatever you fucking want.
I'm dense, you're cryptic. Bad combo.
Executioner whispered to me ,,Nice neck"
Broken strings from yesterday bind me.
Fuck! I saved the world today.
Remember 10 cent wing happy hours?
Dont hate me. Hate the system.
Shame it was only one night.
Separated by a virus, we wait.
Received many baby shoes. Might donate.
All is well. Nothing is right.
All is well. Nothing is okay.
A bit monotonous, to be honest.
A familiar feeling in unfamiliar circumstances.
Predatory drones are bankrupting our youth.
I look like Im the man.
Glance sinkward again. See who washes.
Fuck, it should have been me.
Stimulus arrives, so do the bills.
The bullets here are our birds.
We have abducted the wrong girl
"Nobody takes me seriously," cries comedian.
At least the good ones escaped...
I ate everything but the head.
A month with her; blissful eternity.
That month was like a lifetime.
Why continue if you dont care?
Pregnant woman discovers baby not hers.
Pregnant Woman Discovers Baby Not Hers
For sale: purple dildo, never used
Plastic computer artifact. Dated 235,000 BCE.
Dumped at first type. Ghosted, boo.
Why? I don't even forgive myself.
Time flies, though its been forever.
Love, blind me with your light.
Modern dating, love at first swipe.
Free for drinks? (So it begins)
Want to reach out, but shouldnt.
Her day was three days long.
Freed from the shackles of truth.
The truth has become a victim.
Research has been substituted by imagination.
Drifted, yet still, said "Happy birthday."
Driftedwe only say "Happy Birthday."
"Leave me!" "Never." "You promised." "Shhhh."
Only way to become is be.
Gave away my heart, it's gone.
made up story, was six words.
Fell down the stairs. From basement.
pretty pool of my own blood
That bridge is for tits ONLY
Love is a drug; we addicted.
He told me such beautiful lies.
Havent heard that name in years.
How should I tell this story?
Stuck in my own head again.
Stuck in my own damn head.
He asked. I answered with silence.
Lost in my own thoughts again.
Im sick from feeling this sober.
Lied to myself; said its OK.
Thanks for being alone with me
Someone was following me. Honestly, officer!
His guide dog knew the lie
Go lie down for six hours.
Michael Bisping's insomnia keeps him dozing.
My nightmares are my waking reality
Live in my parents' house rentfree
There are no star-crossed lovers here.
Im paying you nothing for everything.
Three meat pizza rolls youre welcome
Separating fleeting feelings from enduring ones.
Masks grew tired of wearing him
Lions eat poachers. Now that's funny.
My happy place will disturb you.
I'm begging you...please have mercy.
I'm begging you... let me go.
Please don't make me do that.
Pizza rolls world record eater Adam
Love isnt a choice; relationships are.
Tried to cross. Became a cross.
Spent stimulus check before receiving it.
Ethology becomes theology, after E ingestion
Forgiven fate turned a new leaf.
fake it till you make it
Wake up. Check phone. Sleep. Repeat.
Machiavellis The Prince is your Bible
I can't stop the encroaching darkness.
I will be, therefore, I am.
Conspiracies fought each other, nothing changed.
Terrorists attack retirement home. Rambo awaits.
My parents said you aren't real.
You were broken. So was I.
State opens for business. Morticians rejoice.
I never do enough.
Scare into submission, profit from panic.
To the hell with sleeping early
Breathe in, Breathe out, BANG! Silence.
The rain mixed with my tears.
Stars align when our eyes lock.
Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo.
GME brought me to the moon
I realised I was always enough.
YOU put MY ass on notice?
Not your fault, I love you.
"Our" God? Fuck authoritarian, theocratic policies.
So, they marveled, its still here!
You lied, I cried, love died
My soul scarred by your words
I walked in the rain today
Death is certain. Nothing else is.
You and your secrets are safe.
Men bore me. He does not.
Filled with the juices of life.
No is a full English sentence.
"Let's play a game", she whispered.
I'm not scared of you anymore.
I won't let you defeat me.
I cry tears youll never see
Why did I justify a murder?
Well, I guess shes not interested
The evil wizard will never win.
I don't believe that you're real.
Pain is inevitable, suffering is optional.
Pain is inevitable, suffering is optional.
She tapped the door; mask off.
Every injury of head was represented.
Your world saw mine. Each shrugged,
You're a poet by NATURE, retard
Deeply personal info shared. Feeling it!
Your grandson's subscription expired in............. 1878.
convince WHO that she's WHAT now
Their family gives it horrible nightmares.
Most days pass without a memory.
Wish upon stars: to be enough.
Dog avoids bones since finding pup.
Exercise. Compare. Consider. Inject. Compete. Critique.
AK47 for sale, includes ammo box
...a loop. We are stuck in...
Ego, in the end we're temporary.
We are stars about to collide
I'm in therapy because of you.
I'm telling you it moved!
Millions reminded what traffic was like.
Aye furgot where me heart twas.
Idiots use a mobile whilst driving.
Aloof dreams whiffed, turned to sniffles.
Bullet in his ear, elocution style.
All who buy tabloids are complicit.
We drove; only the radio spoke.
You are hard to get! Goodbye!
Beautiful eyes staring, statuesque. Stony. Sightlessly.
First kisses sear like the last.
I think I'm ready to go.
The mirror stares back in hate.
My assumptions cause ghosts to appear.
Tonight's dinner ruined my car bumper.
She disappeared into the gruesome statistics.
God entertains you with your brain.
Only two people on Earth, Mlady
Sometimes I miss her so much
Burglar sues victim for sexual harassment.
Truth finally seen through shattered glass
He said goodbye with a splash
Russian Roulette with all 6 bullets.
Be good. Abide laws. Stay quiet.
Now he's the peer pressuring one.
Rhinos, hippos heard tourist towards alligators.
i think i see the problem
They can't all be gold. Potato.
Nice blouse. Let me unbutton it.
The remakes awful, watch the original.
My dogs ghost growls at night.
I respect you and care deeply.
You let me go so easily.
Alcohol rids my memory of you.
Calling numbers on the cubicle wall
"Mum!, Dad!", "It just went off"
I saw myself blink, then smiled.
Waves of terror from repressed memories.
When it comes, make it quick.
Ghost visits ex. "He's still boring!"
Her head turned from me, now!
Nothing that a beer won't solve.
Flirtation like chess. Withdraw or pursue?
Born Tuesday. Married Wednesday. Lovers. Strangers.
Sent Hi! a thousand times, N-O-L-U-C-K!
Father only calls when he's drunk.
The fence held me, he wouldn't.
Love sucks, sorry girls, I'm empty.
Love sucks, sorry ladies, I'm empty.
When you're near I freeze up.
Needed darkness to see my light.
Want a shoulder to lay on...
"Daddy, are you quitting?" "... no... sir."
Im charming. . . Only for a spell.
Liar! You never felt the same.
Write her eulogy?! Shorter pencil, please.
He fears children. She fears another.
At 91 I finally have it.
Deafened by thunder, illuminated by lightning.
Chicken wings are a go, Mark!
Welcome back, Ridoncupenis. Your usual Fantastagina?
Still shaving Alopecia's nuts, I see.
You twisted Sister's nipple, Mister Pimple
You regularly upend chemtrail my j
Okay, I've braced myself. Now what?
Put your... things... behind your.... flagelilea?...!!!!
For real sorrow, Google 'cyclopia baby'.
STOP PUNISHING DUMDUMS LIKE MEDON JUNIOR
Remaining the embodiment of evil: Big
Space cops arrested first Mars arrivals.
Stop bleeding all over my bats.
Most common lie: I am fine
I don't know, officer!!! PLEAse stop!!!!!
Amazing new food invented: Ramen Pizza!
I only bought it in case.
Then, in a moment, they're gone.
His indifference didn't make him different.
Love brightens, but casts long shadows.
Spiderman murdered. Peter Parker in custody.
The broom alone... was not enough...
Would they care if you're gone
Would they care if I'm gone?
Suicide fucks up those left behind.
The silence increased and grew cacophonous.
"This feels real," muttered sleeping God.
She needed hate to achieve climax.
We need a bigger boat, Charon!
Moving to the old Victorian house.
We moved into the Victorian house.
Why did you have to drive home naked?
So many bloodstains created whilst sleeping.
Found only skin? It's bigger now.
I'll have one more drink, always.
How many attempts before it's failure?
During fights I say things incorrectly.
Back so soon, unlovable?- gym mirror
"Moans" Netflix:"Are you still watching?"
more videos of shark cop, stat
I lured everyone nowhere, Sheriff Prawnfucker
Hi! YES! I KNOW! OK bye
Infinite data. Infinitesimal storage. No surveillance.
Spit up my spunk, you cunt!
"FOR LEASE" "FOR RENT" "PRIVATE PROPERTY"
Tonight, I leave my fears behind.
Four bloody holes. Wisdom finally averted.
Still a mystery, who had herpes?
Thank you for everything, Daft Punk.
His hugs feels like an eternity.
She hated him, but loved him.
The wheelchair became his permanent home.
These Pretzels Are Making Me Thirsty
Hope I dont run out of
Youre prettier without the fake eyelashes.
SYNTAX ERROR. What is semicolon?
Rich kid beats up poor criminals.
Despite improvements, Herbs meat helmet failed.
You're annoying; I love you anyway.
You stopped sharing location with Mom
Shhhh. Said the approaching darkness.
For sale: magnificent collection of imperfections.
Me, myself and I have fallen out.
My mind's infested with toxic invaders.
Vicks vapor rub makes you horny?
Scars, inside and out, tell stories.
My toilette can take a punishment.
I woke up, the demon's gone.
And like a blade you'll stain.
Hot latte? Oh right, she left
I'll forever grieve the lost potential.
Fleeting embers leave room for renewal.
At his red nose, they laughed.
Were good together but better apart
He said, "For one last time".
She showed her madness, everyone disappeared.
She showed her madness, everyone disappeared.
She showed her madness, everyone disappeared.
His end was her new beginning.
Got a Bike.... Broke my arm
Touching sky, to realize its water.
I drink milk to punish myself.
Her smile would scare evil.
Car stops, "Are you still driving."
Where is trigger, where is limit....
Killing insurgents much easier than studying.
The lady's fake beard became unglued.
Bought bike. Was mugged. Still fat.
The beauty of night is bright.
When she smiled, my world changed
And just like that, it ended.
You smell like Veronica's broken abortion
My thumbprint thinks you look blind.
You created Jeff Zuckerberk in 2093.
Culling their numbers by smoking cigarettes.
No rain will wish this away.
The floorboards creaked from heavy footsteps.
I have ran out of feelings.
Shut up! I yelled at nobody.
See Jesus? A threat? Or promise?
I'm tired. Leave me alone please.
What if I just stayed longer?
Pain medication's expensive. Heroin is cheaper.
Just Washed the big looking things
Mildred eventually returned Bobs severed toe.
Love gets into everything, like water
They danced whenever, wherever and however.
She sleeps like Michael Jackson dances
Are you someone that lacks empathy?
Packed my jackets. Unpacked my shorts.
Why do we fake our smiles?
Sometimes, I wonder if it matters...
The pain! The horror! The laughs!
Decades spent in prison, fake golds.
Relax. You won't feel a thing...
Joe Rogan: Bernie Sanders' Trojan Horse.
All wounds will be self inflicted :)
He stopped living long before dying.
Grave mistakes became an early grave.
The historic district expanded.
Why'd they steal a fire truck?
Good or Bad? i am both.
An honest politicians taste like unicorn.
Winners of the genetic lottery unite!
The predatory class influences the masses.
I gave myself hope. How cruel.
Pollution paints the city skyline purple.
Cops beaten by blue lives flag
I left my prayer on voicemail.
The terrorists shouted God Bless America!
Concrete floor lends an ethereal feel.
Don't cry, forever by your side.
Just tell me you love me
"Look, his straitjacket has loose threads."
Quit whipping that buttered hippopatamus around.
Just pull out your buttered hippopatamus.
Assume you understand nothing, because yes.
So, nobody loves nobody, right Alexa?
Wet again? I JUST CHANGED me
His face was always another face.
Injuries can be virtual (falls, etc.)
Green means vaccine. Red means dead.
AAAAAHHHhhhhh! MY ARM! Oh, wait. Nevermind.
Mars became Earth, Earth became Venus.
Take off your pants and jacket.
Now turn your head and cough.
Unfortunately, the baptism became a drowning.
Party slogan: Keep them poor, stupid.
Does it look like I care?
Haunted noose sale! Only worn once!
Cat discovered as mastermind behind attack
Can't argue with results, she's dead.
Spring-Heeled Jack burnt my moustache.
Breaking News: Water Hardens When Cold
I sometimes think, why I think?
Entity / -... .-. --- -.- . / ..-. .-. . . . ...- . .-. -.-- / last crew / -- . -- -... . .-. eviscerated / . -.-. --- -- -- . -. -.-. .. -. --. /corpse evacuation
You arent real. The government lied.
The Entity / -... .-. --- -.- . / ..-. .-. . . . ...- . .-. -.-- / last crew / -- . -- -... . .-. eviscerated / . -.-. --- -- -- . -. -.-. .. -. --. /corpse evacuation
God will beg for my forgiveness.
Born in May. Died in June.
Will you watch sunsets with me?
Entity / -... .-. --- -.- . / ..-. .-. . . . ...- . .-. -.-- / last crew / -- . -- -... . .-. eviscerated / . -.-. --- -- -- . -. -.-. .. -. --. /corpse evacuation
You can dance whenever you want
Damn, this crying spell really sucks.
The Martians just landed in Chicago
Jack Bennys still thinking about it.
The best lie is truth unbelieved.
Noticing her trail, he remained silent.
Im Satan. Youre my greatest creation.
Humpty Dumpty had always been broken.
I told the truth. What now?
The echoing voice wasn't mine.
Therapy's going well, no new scars.
Seminary school required hard oral examinations.
She watched on without him knowing.
I don't wanna smoke crack daddy.
Resolution immediately broken under slightest temptation.
What even is an exit strategy?
The beans were not cooked right.
NASA never had a return plan.
I float through space, cursing immortality.
I see him in every child.
List of people who love me:
Outstretched for a cardboard roll....shit!
I'm trapped. His eyes are cold.
Humanoid creature bursts from an egg.
Broken looking for the Kings men
I'm suspicious therefore no meet-up.
Photographers last photo remembered Divorce final.
Never run from the Time Police!
The trapdoor opened, another successful execution.
I need to proceed with caution.
"Take the pill. Lick the boot."
That Oasis drummer in Wonderwall video
I suddenly remembered I live alone.
Is someone there?! ... I cant see!!
I felt anger then his spine.
I realized she died for me.
Jesus fled the South long ago.
She caught the bouquet, he ran.
Stop looking at my little sister!
Religious salvation. Pie in the sky!
Falling fleece reveals the wolf underneath.
"Consensus sucks!", they said in unison.
I'd thought the bunker would hold.
Trying to stay calm, still trying.
Ball sniffers of the world unite
Dad was alone. Thinking of us.
All at once, nothing mattered anymore.
Unfortunately, they didn't have enough time.
Born. Lived. Died. Returned to stardust.
He made her believe in soulmates.
Her silence was the most disturbing.
Scream or I can't enjoy this.
They can come closer than close
He's dead Jim. You bloody murderer.
I can't think of a six...
Lucifer: Is that what they teach upstairs?
Religions. The greatest stories ever sold.
The universes music just skipped.
Accidentally ate all the gummy vitamins.
I watch her from the closet
You are stronger than you think.
They can see beauty in sadness.
Have you seen the other side?
I only wanted to have fun.
"I love my wife." "Sure baby."
The stars died, one after another.
Ninety-thousand times finches? No branches
Three words now, sixty words later.
My Mom pretends my Grandmas cares.
FINE. Your virtual chicken pit's superior.
1 can beer, 1 can spaghetti
Someone called me at midnight - the thing is, it was me, -- I am 1200 years old and I decided to prank myself and it WORKED
We walked over waxy white weens.
February's farts bring March's summer shoarts.
Please get me an ambulance! ..... No.
Fought, wasnt hit once, still hurt.
Dont eat the fish its gross
Deleted her from my contacts again.
Patiently watched as his faculties waned.
We let it go to waste.
"Where's Portland?" The good ol' days.
Turning around, they can chase me.
Enable ads to optimize healthcare experience
Beautiful still, even in his freezer.
Water under the bridge. Body, too.
Dont touch my pudding pop again.
Long-Pig they called it, tasted delicious.
Run grid like business. Blame customers.
Cars full of people going nowhere.
He plagiarises others works for profit.
Shit Shells can you clean up
I view NSFW posts at work
Said 'I do'. Didn't mean it.
She says its all my fault.
Kids, time for your last meal!
Theyll murder me if I win
Your love is my love, Amber!
Turn around, pull it down, Im done.
2 minutes there, 2 hours back.
Free baby shoes. Very heavily worn.
Brung home flowers, locks have changed.
This door's unlocked, guess they're next.
I've crossed oceans only to fail.
...harmless sex offender named Dennis Envy.
Stay until his account runs dry.
He always wakes up, with hope.
"But....you are all human..." - Extraterrestrial.
Holy shit. Reality is truly wild.
My pain comes from pure love
Houstonians capture Austin. March on Metroplex.
A stranger on the baby monitor.
"Shut my face" and breathe... how?
I don't want to work anymore
As instinct, so does the shape.....
Many words spoken, still nothing said.
It's "melting pot," not "chunky soup."
Theres a man called a capitalist. . .
My house,your house,our house.
Sorry! I didnt see your text..
In your silence I find answers
Hes my nightmare when I awake.
The scars healed... on the surface.
I fucking love the English language
Right next door yet lightyears apart
Right next door yet lightyears apart
When did those friends become memories?
February 15, emotional hangovers for everyone
As promised nobody was harmed. Physically.
Why don't you cry? daddy! stop!
No woman is alone with women.
Last option for courage, suicide.
And then, there was one chol
Foot down. Snow on ground. NOPE!
A dream tonight, a nightmare tomorrow.
In all seriousness, it's very funny.
Small fanny, big face. Her lips.
How many hearts will she carry?
Will she tire of me again?
Valentine card played, intended to titillate.
Dorian, addict. DOC is oxytocin. Relapsed.
She left, do I mind? No.
The stars shone only for her
Everlasting love triangle: you, me, capitalism.
I'm never lonely surrounded by corpses
My trafficers rafted their tassles off.
"You have such an imagination" - Skeptic
Houston, we have 99 problems. But...
He killed her, but she lived.
Do you Believe me? You're gay
My enemy lies behind the mirror.
Things got heated in the snow
This is about my Cake Day.
Grand Tetons? More like Mediocre Tetons!
A day without you? Too quiet.
Love the flowers you bought tonight.
The senile kings eyes sensed betrayal.
The witch jump on my back
He released her and she flew.
Any day could be your last..
A thousand pills after you left
These words should have been invisible.
This sentence should have been invisible.
Believe me, I'm lying to you.
In her footsteps there grew flowers.
How confident? Bet my soul. Deal.
We're moving to my beloved city.
Withered gas station roses sold out.
Prolix narratives asphyxiate within hexadic parameters.
It felt strange watching you leave.
Please wait baby, don't die until...
I was lost, and nobody noticed.
He looked under my skin again
Truth? None exists. Perception is reality.
Overpowered, she changed. He died screaming.
She cried, while the guitar gently weeps.
"Don't believe them!" said the Prophet.
Murderer must find himself before cops.
Murderer must find himself before cops.
Newfound happiness explained by brain tumor.
Grave is ashpit before the quenching.
Denial, anger, bargaining, depression, start over
"Right," he said, "which country next?"
Imitation was his only ticket out.
Skipping anger, going straight to revenge.
No, won't share, you'll steal it.
You're dying. I'll come with you.
Yeah. I snatch that right up.
Holds the bible high and lies
I'm seducing her, or she me?
I'm seducing you, or you me?
Epstein didnt kill himself. Epsteins Mom.
She closed her eyes and escaped.
Was only a month. Move on.
Holy shit, Bigfoot! Please be vegetarian.
Refill mouth with gunpowder, never learn.
Who do you hate her? Cause.
Don't stick that needle in me!
Vests don't look good on you.
Before shooting he said, "Nothing personal".
Fidel: History will absolve me
Go ahead, shoot your employer
The gun jammed. Should've bet more.
"Let him love Steppenwolf, Caleb." -- 1971
Holding my breath. She isnt calling.
My femorals were never ephemerally his.
Laws of thermodynamics? More like suggestions.
NOTHING BUT FIRE WILL BURN FOOD
Hale? Bopp? HALE! BOPP! Hale-Bopp. HaleBopppppppssssss.s..s.s...........
Nipholas'd make a GREAT straight, Breaux!
You'd be a great straight, bro.
Time didn't shorten. You lengthened time.
Personal secrets, you must trust me.
Why can't we both be swinigimlits?
Granny's last breath was mischievous giggling
Dear GOP: No justice? Meet horsewhips!
The smile couldn't hide the damage.
It's just a body, they're gone.
Head up ass; ate lunch twice.
His eyeless sockets shed no tears.
I placed the flowers and remembered.
They started posting long replies instantly.
Daily commute to hope getting longer.
Battled through thorns, kissed the princess.
Egg vanishes. Suspicious black rooster reported.
Wait a minute, that wasn't weed
Paralyzing hangover of overwhelming human cowardice.
I'm sorry. I should have lied.
Biggest table? She sat furthest away
Your private student loan is approved!
Larry Flynt: true American, chicken f*cker.
Were you recently diagnosed with Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
Drinking again... Used to like it.
Girl has injured jaw, keeps limping
After berating children, dad expects fairness
I'm still asking for a friend
Suffix sufficient to fix fiction fixation
There should be a word for
Drummer pummels membranophonic boundaries of time
The whispers curl around the bell
Across the room, a shadow blooms.
I still hear the voices sing.
I still hear the voice that sings.
Note is finished, can't find gun.
You will live to read again.
Number Four- It happens in threes.
The damn airline lost my luggage.
I saw the future last night
Hoping one day itll be you.
The lava flows like running water.
You can be unethical but legal.
Take the time to stretch it.
Your attempt to reprogram me failed.
5000 babies. 50,000 toes. 1 meal.
You can't make this shit up
Helping others get sober helps me
Western society. Overfed and yet malnourished.
At the airport, the pandemic partied!
He was stumped for six words.
The biggest thieves are the banks.
One last call to her. Silence.
In the end no one cares
Auntie Tina was code for meth.
The smallest coffins are the heaviest.
Ammonia for blood. Alcohol for conscience.
Caregivers break before they break...Respite
Did my reflection just blink?!
Sorry... youve already seen my face.
The police covered up their crime.
Who am I supposed to trust?
Last to arrive, first to leave.
She let me paint her vulnerability
Every tree is taking a nap.
I X-rayed my own WINKING BUTTHOLE!
I met a girl named molly
SMOKE MY LEFT BALL, Ball Smoker.
What was our safe word again?
Bits of bagcoin, only 2 bags.
Finally she beat HIM ... by leaving.
Sexual offer. In jest? Game on!
I took a few with me.
Yesterday I was male. Today, female.
WANTED: Live or Dead. Any human.
My music collection's like a graveyard.
The last time seemed much easier.
Big Data's Despair: Excel, does not.
I wish he'd fought for me.
If you disagree prove me wrong.
Had accident, insurance just expired yesterday.
China Ferrari Sex Orgy Death Crash
Daughter put tooth under daddy's pillow
Spy school graduate develops imposter syndrome.
"I'm pregnant." ... "I'm sterile," he whispered.
My ego sustained the most damage.
But .. I'll never see her again!!
Time to remember who you are
Flowers grow..... but they need rain
She woke up to no one.
If I'm not lying, who is?
Don't step on that rusty nail!
What did you want from me?
Oh Cat, you better come home.
Oh, Cat you better come home.
Met neighbor's new dog, got stitches!
This time, I'll stop checking in.
And like that I was pregnant.
Not a love story: unwillingly yours.
Just when I thought Id quit...
I wish you nothing but the best.
Be careful what you wish for.
An impenetrable darkness flooded her eyes.
Is this really what you wanted?
Is this what you really wanted?
I can't get that time back.
Was I supposed to let go ?
Grinding my teeth. Sand for hourglass.
Youre ten minutes late. Thats early.
Were it not unfunny? HILARIOUS, dude.
OK Google, remember forever, paranoia outperforms.
Isn't every war a civil war?
Anakin... You are NOT the Father!
Bee stings smart like a bitch.
Plunged stake in vampire. Three hearts.
Please, I miss the kids, Karen.
Sorry I've misplaced memories of us.
One day everyone tried love instead
Glue factory secrets: lips are sealed.
Passengers, This isnt your captain speaking.
I tend not to dream much.
Grand gestures, or grand mistakes? Perspective.
Work order submitted; urgency was conveyed.
Hexakosioi Hexekonta Hexa DEUS Ego Sum
Martha mothered my muzzled monster, melodramatically.
See you in my next life.
See you in the next life.
Should be doing school right now 
Chocolates. Candles. Passion. Fire. Death.
Does this rag smell like chloroform?
I'm her wolf, she's my moon.
I think my guardian angel drinks.
Copy and paste if you agree.
Loving life. But I've had enough.
The public service of self preservation.
Trying my best to be enough.
And then, you closed the door.
for saLE: kingDOM by THE sEA
Youve got that power over me.
Social activism or pump and dump?
I always ask myself what if?
Yes, but she changed her mind.
Can you come into my office?
You left the refrigerator open again!
My stalker moved back to town.
I'll always have love for you.
When you're ready, talk to me.
Chillingly chaos can cause creative change.
There are times I scare myself.
Turn off the jacuzzi. Never mind.
I thought I wouldn't be forgotten
Sorry I wasn't there for you.
"Are you my mommy?" asked grandma
This stops. I'm done chasing you.
There was less time than anticipated.
He came back to life again.
Yang's butthole had never smelt hangrier.
I walked past my doppelganger today.
What're you doing in my swamp?!
He was wise only to others
asked my mother, who ARE you?
Priests Damned to Hell for Preying
Why are some people so creepy?
Jen. You in? Jen? You fleckshin!!
Death's cold grasp has reached me.
The cold breath of death nears.
Entered the room to destroy it.
Once Upon a Time: endless love.
"Fuck, not agai-..." Famous Last Words.
she brought me back to love
Thinking of her, she of me?
Car crash. "Everyone okay?" No response.
Always pushing when I should pull
Friendship over, felt like a breakup
Suddenly he understood. Im a carpet!
"Who.. are you?" Asked my mother.
This will work. Bleach always works.
I lost one of my own
Told seven days left. Today: #8
Texting at night, falling star missed.
You should look up more often
I'm doomed. The incantation backfired dramatically.
This isn't beach, it's a bathtub!
Sometimes generous hearts make poor choices
I lost a blueberry at work.
Ignoring me but they're definitely online
Dashing away from jaws of death.
show my teeth but rarely bite
My impact through words create life.
"Tommorow" he said - Last Online 367d
Pen to paper. A new chapter.
My heart is intertwined with yours.
Phone rang all night. No response.
She made the promise he broke
Click to find local singles today!
She didnt respond. The demon did.
SQUARE WHITE SANDWICH MUSTARD BOLOGNA AMERICAN.
You one of them Schuep Nazis?
I can gaslight in exactly six words.
Fossil eggs. Ash laden dead shells.
My Job's now so small town.
Today he whispered his last words.
This too shall pass, he said
Is she uninterested or also confused?
Crisp white snow blinds my path.
Damn, it used to be simple
Every third rapscallion regaled us shamelessly.
Name's Jen Psaki. Game's marble hockey.
Ungross yourself. Congratulations. You still die.
Chill babies. Gambling done been fun.
I don't hide myself from anyone.
I say we make him president.
jacks pizza screams it wont matter
stab flip stab flip stab.. fit?!??
Try unplugging and plugging it again.
Made cookies instead of making trouble.
I cried. Mom still didn't remember.
Soulmates always find their way back
I still have your jacket. Sorry.
I still have your hoodie. Sorry.
Wall Street cried, $600 isnt enough.
Hedge funds cried, $600 isnt enough.
I remember the first smile, beautiful.
He left before I knew him.
holy fuck, THAT'S what she meant
Swept off her feet, disheveled, distraught.
He made time, in his image.
Please stop! She pleaded with him.
You will be mine he promised her.
At least dogs never commit suicide.
Rest in Peace, Wall Street Bets
To him the distance didn't matter.
Writer's worst fear: the empty page.
I keep seeing this strange car.
Abortion after Creed show hook up
She crawled on hands and knees.
GameStop will teach hard market lessons.
Ten years ago already. Time flies.
Ants march. Doves cry. Mourn. Repeat.
My loneliness evaporates. She sees me.
Thought Id accomplish more by 30.
Operator? I've fallen on hard times.
Alexa delete this Reddit fucking Figuero
You can't arrest me! You... oh.
You are a parasite. Please go.
I would HATE to be cut slack.
In about 99 quadrillion millenia? Yeah.
Scared, but I'm going to disobey.
Your living ghost makes me shiver.
Hilariously Embarrassing experiment exposes Naked Singularity
Oh shit. My cat just died.
My cat wants me to die.
The cursed tome pulled me in.
Sorry babe, sorrow is more comforting.
It was her word or mine!
Got no distance left to run...
Miles to go before I sleep
"I thought YOU brought the map!"
A coma? How long? What's Coronavirus??
We finally need those baby shoes!
The pain became his best muse.
Someone's leaving roses on Dad's grave!
Great family gathering, no cops involved!
Spot's last day, happy as first
In death Medusa became an angel.
She said yes. Her husband disagreed.
I can make that jump easily.
I swallowed the truth and saw.
Relationship counsellor with a broken marriage.
Dont you worry about the pain.
Put your head on my heart
I was shocked! Shocked, I say!
Until eventually there were no bees...
Noose tig h t e n i n g. Regret. ABORT! ... too late.
Wet myself. Nobody here to laugh.
Your pain is my pain darling.
Are you threatening me, Master Jedi?
I'd rather not imagine matrimonial bliss.
Another Day (Late) Another Dollar (Short)
Bright star, or UFO? Sirius question.
Your heart is now beating manually
Notice: shocking stories are popular here.
We are the nothing that prevails
Nothing will always find a way
Everything is in place for you
Squirrels stopped preparing for the winter.
Broken people procreate, raise broken children.
I answered her call. Big mistake.
We are millionaires! Millionaires of choices!
Democracies eventually learn: shit rolls uphill.
Part two: part three coming soon
I got carried away again, again.
I can feel the deep cuts
Doc, maybe make these suppositories... larger
Insomnia, my old foe. Go home.
Ill fend for myself. Walk away.
Decisions and actions have different flavors.
Happiness doesn't come from other people.
Transmissions accumulated, transmogrified, deleted. We drank.
Came home early. They looked surprised.
Everyone loved my brownies; No survivors
I am not an Atomic Playboy.
Delete. Undo Delete. Undo Undo Delete.
We're not dumb. They're the communists!
Now his scent only causes pain.
Time has hollowed out my soul.
Im not okay, but thats ok.
They put carpet in the bathroom
he usually smiles, but not today
Just show up. They pay you.
Show me my severed neck, quick.
Finally, Red button summons diet coke?
Empty homes fixed in time, COVID.
Many wrinkled flags flying this week.
Each family reunion required less chairs.
Many wrinkled flags flying this week.
We are* one. *used to be
E
Will someone please just kill me?
Firefighter was first to every fire
You terrify me this isn't love.
Many wrinkled flags flying this week.
You smell better when you're awake
Food never rejected him. Except twice.
Many wrinkled flags flying this week.
I found a lost dog. Furniture shopping.
They woke up, hand in hand.
Under my leaves, a widow grieves.
The sirens blare. We deserved it.
Sheer will, now in capsule form.
"No. We leave them. We're going."
She will let go soon enough
The trolls dont like the mittens.
Narwhal pod saves the day, again.
Yes officer, that is her body.
With his last breathe, she smiled.
Deaf hungry leopard. Loud juicy zebra.
no es nada muequita, papis bien
Ten Thousand Knights in Blackened Mail
You know why, you dont care
I have this weird normal feeling.
Life could be better with effort.
He punched me to the beat.
STOP! Werree bbbrrreeeaaaccchhhiiinnnggg ttttthhhhheeeee eeeeeevvvvvveeeeeennnnnntttttttt hhhhhhhhhoooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrriiiiiiiiiiiiiizzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzooooooooooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
This will all be over soon
He drinks to forget... I remember.
Nothing is going to substantially change.
Correct Doctor, Eight Cups a Day
Maybe now things will be different
"Promise me! Her sacrifice wasn't pointless."
One day I shall live again.
She looked better on the phone.
GaGa made me feel it today
Dress warm today: it's minus 45.
And it can stay inside you.
Female modeling job. Must come alone.
Plenty pizzas missing mushrooms miss me.
For sale: travel backpack, never used.
An Ad every eight post sucks.
FINE. I use my -8.777,777,777,788,888,888,888,899,999,999,999,999,000,000,000,000,000 dagger.
I cant taste anything! Oh shit...
Your name? "Fredbye Anychance." Nope... "Roblem."
I smell change. You smell that?
I can pity my own friends.
I've been... approached by the Church.
 help , '   .    coming  kill ,   '  much time left.
Tonight. Red, White, and Blue sunset.
Idea for China: Lunar fog machine.
-  ,     . , help    . -     coming,    . -        we      ! - are      safe   ! - now,     ...
He left bluetooth connected. High volume.
I dont feel so good Mr...
I wish I could regret it.
Hey, where did my gun go?
Maybe I don't actually enjoy this
Changing of titles is not allowed.
No, I am not a D00R!
Dead man now lives a hero.
She said she would do anything.
His blade, caked with children's blood.
"Yer a wizard, Harry!" *lightning strikes*
"Yer a wizard, Harry!" *lightning*
Counted six, was five, never again.
I will stay president, He whispered
A year apart from the ocean.
the best is yet to come
How long are the days here?
Less than a week old; motionless.
Fossil fuels is earth smoking cigarettes
I do not know, officer.
Such an atrocity, seemingly unavoidable now.
Dying breath, last sight, FaceTime goodbye
I think I have AIDS man.
"God, please let my baby live."
He tried, but tears won't come
My pee is so very itchy.
He cries every night for her
I promised I wouldn't. I did.
If only i could change this
Chrome wasn't able to restore tabs.
We should have clapped for Jeb.
Lyricist builds Diatonic Bomb. Demands Ransom
Turns out she was my sister.
011011100110010101110110011001010111001000100000011001110110111101101110011011100110000100100000011001110110100101110110011001010010000001111001011011110111010100100000011101010111000000101100001000000110111001100101011101100110010101110010001011100010111000101110
Her line went quicker, burned first.
Im allergic to *peanuts*, she clarified.
she never said she spoke french.
They didnt open all the envelopes.
Then one night I didnt remember.
We're all humans. Some of us...
Whenever death came knocking, I answered.
They gave beads. We gave bullets.
Were all trying to forget someone.
Father no! Not the jumper cables!
Rejoice! The gravediggers wife is pregnant!
Dont touch me! screamed the nurse.
Worlds shouldn't topple over, ours did
God coughed and looked unwell. Jesus.
I can't stay. I can't go.
Neopagan ritual inadvertently unlocks astronomical anomaly
Hilariously embarrassing experiment exposes Naked Singularity
He knew the baby wasnt his.
She wished hed taste it first.
I screamed, but no one came.
The stars blink in the end.
The stars will weep for me.
Jonah was stuck in Wales forever.
Mary never met him, she swore
Jesus sipped wine in my jacuzzi
And God said pull my finger
Just meet me in the bathroom
Starstruck soul goes Supernova. Collapses infinitely.
I think I should leave you.
Glass! Glass in the Hot Pockets!
When Agony called, Death would answer.
Love didn't kill him. Loneliness did.
Snipe hunting....still looking for one.
His blood tastes like garlic. Shit.
Mother is the strongest person ever
Her loose lips sunk my battleship.
Travelled through time, couldn't save mum
As useless as a Hobbiton cobbler.
Mower accident. Harry is now Harriet.
Walk through this fire with me
Take my hand, we have time.
To be. That is the answer.
Lunar eclipse, but unscheduled. Something else.
Runs worse, but we know how.
R4R [40sM] Marionette seeks Fantoccini NSA
2020: where had we trapped ourselves?
Sunrise. Sunset. Skies red, white, blue.
Incognito mode is for the weak.
Indians know English better than Americans.
My eye blinked, but only once
"Not this leg", read the pathologist.
Only love can break your heart
On your marks. Get set. Oblivion.
What did the Mad King say
I write Neurological Erotica for robots.
Osiris fell and Orion was born
It's obvious we're going to war :(
He writes, rightly, from Platos cave.
The old are reincarnated reliving youth.
My work here is never done.
My work here is never done.
One opinion. Constructs framework. Delivers stories.
Well thank god I'm not him
This isnt Six Word Unsent Letters
A whimsical dance at deaths entrance.
Kindly address me as Penis O'McDecentBody
You gon cry if she leave.
He wasnt ready to become loyal.
Dont cry, it crooned stay still.
His breath pungent, like rotting fruit.
Six word sentences can be difficult.
Screwed over. Rose dead in revenge.
In search of morality in capitalism
After being raped, I manifested puddles
Born into the fall of communism
Came in peace, left in pieces
And your lips my lips, apocalypse
But critical thinking and imagination faltered.
Teddy bear picnic. Kewpie doll regret.
You wont forget it, or remember.
At the edge. She fell up.
One the edge. She fell up.
Garlic, basil, parmesan, oil. World discovered.
poor boy just loved my haircut
The screams never left the battlefield.
When he died, things only worsened.
He was the mirror to her.
Opportunity costs is a complete sentence.
Another impeachment... more on page 6
Didn't know the plural of genius
Ive been taking longer showers again.
Institution loses accreditation amidst defusion devastation
I love you I dont care
Wedding cancelled. Funeral tomorrow. Don't come.
Poor boy just loved a haircut.
Wedding canceled. Funeral tomorrow. 6pm.
Googled insurance. Wife died. Now suspect.
Every body was corned beef fighting.
She cried salt into the ocean.
He lived with stars as witness.
The fragrance of a fragmented summer
For free: favourite shoes, well worn.
But you havent heard it yet.
Radicalized idiosyncratically erratic addicts inhabit attic
Back at School, can't backspace handwriting??
He froze: the forest spoke Vietnamese.
The sensory static of urban civilization.
Adventures in Intervention Starring: Me (involuntarily)
Love took the dragons breath away
Terrible Bull Terriers terrorize prize bull
Breakbeat Heart beats Heartbreak (Hectik Remix)
Guess what is 20? The GameCube.
Neurodivergent Sith seeks Cognitively Flexible Jedi
God whispered, Can I stop now?
Giuliani's Rudies are off the charts.
Your n@me's Polkita.!? My n@me's Ignaciacamole!
Wall's's just jizzes falling outta balls.
Out of toilet paper. God laughed.
"Real jail, or Twitter jail?" "Real."
Love is so Two Thousand Twelve
The girl with the rabbit tattoo.
Heat her heart. Smite the cold
Subject 547, World 1037, Trial 10
Perception is Reality through skewed lenses
Ego tripped and stubbed his toe
Get your popcorn. Sit and watch.
Listening helps far more than speaking
Sleep now in solace, restless souls.
Ego tripped and stabbed his toe
Listening help far more than speaking
Find yourself, or lose everyone else
Wisdom Uses the Harshest Teacher; Pain
Its not real until it is.
Which me wakes in the morning?
He left because she was fire.
Our darkest days light many fires
Then all life ceased to exist
These pills are my only thrill.
I love her. But does she? ...
I watch my coffin get buried
I'm always right that's my curse
Recommended: Brown Note (10 hour version)
I think Im having a heart...
December 20, 2050. Paranoid. Scared. Alone.
She rare as affordable health care~
"Everything is fine," I lied again.
"You're back," Death whispered to me
Who would be afraid of a
Everybody they disagreed with became "Antifa".
Too long, too tired, too much.
Dreams die there, lovely place really.
She incompletes my sentences and then
She incomplete my sentences and then
Lifes lost loves lust; locks luck.
Dreams colour my life like fireworks.
Sometimes I Booty Call the cops
Capitalism is just Imperialism for Plebs
U.S. Soldiers sing God's, reckless love.
Self Care is Say Fuck Off
Romance is dances WITH the dark
We Kali Ma, Shakti Ded Jesus
Whats the hearse that could happen?
Maladaptive Dissociation is my Safe Space
Undertaker no longer considered essential worker.
He could hear the forest breathe.
She said it all. Silently yelling.
He knew me well. But how?
Gladiator condemned to death, via Twitter.
Twitter, canceled. Parler, canceled. Smoke signals?
Silence has so much to say.
Paint with Seven Saints in Heaven
Winter lives within our words now
Sleep is keeping secrets from me.
Im afraid our governments lying again.
We sewed seeds so shed remember
Thought I died, then I did.
Lord, help my tweens beget spleens.
Masturbated 30 times. Cum is red.
Days last longer than ever before.
The stars once wept for her.
Apples made cider inside her insides
My reflection lost the staring contest.
The hot sauce saved the world.
You told me, "See you tomorrow."
"Be yourself", said my homophobic mother.
You ended it without even knowing
I miss that feeling of connectedness :l
London is the capital of England
Turn the ventilator off, shes gone.
Soooo your grandma came onto me
The wound healed. The sutures grew.
I burned that letter you sent.
I need a hug right now
Shouldn't have looked under the bed
Breaking News: Trump pressed Red Button.
Every day, my bed grows more.
Surrounded by many, yet all alone.
At midnight, it all went away.
Offered: guide dog. Harness slightly damaged.
Only twelve days left to go
I believed my suffering would end.
Why does this suffering never end.
Dont you start on my mother!
A life wasted in hiding places.
...And the ghosts start to whisper
Her chaos keeps spreading like wildfire
When will this come to end?
She never returned from her date.
On Twitter there was much rejoicing.
Fakelore Fifth came early this year.
Russia did a fucking amazing job
My Bisquick decapitated your little Triscuit.
...out popped a genie named Jafar.
Stop eating blood, fucking antenna penis.
Viking dude got raped in prison.
Bent down. *back clicked* Not again!
Well, the first week was wild.
I came to say that Im leaving.
Chaos at Capitol, next bloodbath incoming.
Chaos Capitol, Next Bloodbath incoming
Fat man mistaken for strong man.
His wife still does porn secretly.
His wife is still doing porn.
"Take me to your leader." .... "Seriously?"
Was last online three years ago...
The monk disrobed and was gay.
Chef's tuition is on chopping block
But will anyone *actually* do something?
Donald Trump belongs in prison. Period.
History will remember Trump, the terrorist.
The sword swings. Oswin embraces darkness.
The opposite of life isnt death.
Invoke the 25th? Or impeachment, again?
Really earned his Asshole merit badge.
Three million rats indwell me currently.
You ever just want to disappear?
*gasp* A beer AND a half?
The United States elected a terrorist.
Was it all just a dream?
Chugg Wars: The Covid-19 Saga
Well maybe 2022 will be good
Hey! My tears are up here!
What an interesting time to live.
Turn the tv on. Any channel.
Ouch! Please, no indian burn on pp!
She has HIV. I don't care.
SO. MANY. FUCKINGSIXWORDSTORIES.
Bag zips, footsteps depart; total enchantment.
Nearing headlights in the night blink.
Freddie looked like a fern victim.
Your wish is for... infinite... dishes?
"Wipe in my comments" "YOU'RE SHITTING"
My heroes take money from Saudis.
No... what if I AM Skeletor
The Strokes haven't ALL had one.
It has to wear your shoes.
I might have microdosed your Mom.
Not a single word was spoken.
I mistakenly thought Id die painlessly
Begged, "Don't shoot!" They kept filming.
You look strange with two eyes
My showers are getting longer again.
I'll be on time, he said.
Finally, workers of the world, unite!
We couldn't see what THEY built.
National Conscription Sucks, her tombstone read.
"Had a dream. I was running."
Its me now, no longer you
We're inside together, creating inside jokes.
Just list symptoms you don't have.
I wish wed had that conversation.
It doesn't snow at all anymore
Life in circles. Your past present
You break my heart on occasion
sleep and love are for others
I think I might be indecisive
sleep and love is for others
Fragments of a past life renewed.
Unfortunately for him, he was alive.
[F]  to some fun and sexting add my kik username evaaddison5
Drowned at sea eighty years ago.
why yo knees always smell burnt
Why wasnt I worth it to you?
I'm 99, pissing AND shitting normally.
[F] 22 want to some fun and sexting add my kik username evaaddison5
That refrigerator was always there, officer.
These six words are very useless
Ariadne's golden thread was a noose.
Sprinted through the exit: "Welcome back."
Dont Accept His Invitation. He Will-
[F] 22 want to some fun and sexting add my kik username evaaddison5
I feel like a grandfather here.
Imprisoned if did, imprisoned if didnt.
Worms came out of her vagina.
Oh well, its really your loss. 
Bride dresses aren't made for runaway.
Forget the failures. Keep the lessons.
First human born post robot rebellion
2050: cars still require paved roads.
still time for us to change
At least I think that's you
White baby, breast fed, deep fried.
Inside barrel. *hears rushing water* Falling.
She's addicted to meth. $5 blowjob.
She came into my life: leaving.
Life is just waiting for death
Gregorian calendar recalibration. It's 2020 again
An hour later, he was alive.
Gregorian calendar recalibration. It's 2020 now
Im only happy when Im drunk.
Thing: Not Everything Is A Thing
Don't make signs. Ever. For anything.
I cant find my way back
Skinks in YOUR printer? Dial 9-900-1-800-SK
He died how hed lived; alone.
Muppets with small assholes are RARE.
Finally 2021, has anything really changed?
This submition will never post here.
Seem to have misplaced my heart
2021 Yellowstone supervolcano erupts. Everyone dies.
give me upvote  i will give surprise
Six feet under but never alone.
"See you next year!" Sent 12:07.
New Year. New Me. Same Bullshit.
The dead have plenty of time.
And, finally, hindsight was twenty-twenty.
My last post of the Year.
Man, life was simpler in 2020.
Thank you for making 2020 better.
I am moving to mars tomorrow
Going to Earth? There's nothing there
If this roach clip could talk..
I require a show of power.
Give me a show of power.
Her father wasn't at her wedding.
Staying in the bath until tomorrow
Did someone turn off the stove?
You think this year was bad...?
2021, shit, here we go again.
Honey, there is no man there...
It wasnt enough to save us
Rocks. Spears. Swords. Guns. Nukes. Rocks.
New Years Eve? My living room.
My social circle is a dot.
[F] 22 want to some fun and sexting add my kik username evaaddison5
We thought 2021 would be better.
Last day till the zombie apocalypse.
[F] 22 want to some fun and sexting add my kik username evaaddison5
oh how ive missed being alone...
Look at Taco Bell at Night.
I was stalked by my podiatrist.
My husband wont stop smoking crack.
relapsing into the cumbustion chamber..again(,)
I snorted my entire stimulus check
Stimulated my local economy - the dealers
Also, are hyphenated words one word?
Is self-love considered love or selfishness?
Stimulus check went towards stimulating prostate
Too many passwords, always resetting them.
Foolproof plan. But, unfortunately, not Daveproof.
I'm stuck on YOU, Hargvald Plaxnaskerjacks
One mouse weighs exactly one ounce.
2021 made 2020 easy by comparison.
His options are relapse or death.
Wants to hug, has one hand.
The Monsters Are Inside Of Us.
John relapsed instead of choosing suicide.
Moved to Mars, forward my mail.
The solution is in your hands 
The nervous prostitute pictured him clothed.
"Our father, who..." "Sorry. Number unobtainable."
Romeo and Juliet twenty years later
Its just a question of time
Emotions are powerful, honor them wisely.
What does this hurt teach me?
Stopped taking bullshit, lost all friends.
Empaths: our preferred pronoun is, 'We'
"ah-may-zing" That's eight words, says comments.
I love you. Yesterday, today, tomorrow
Nothing's better than roasted cheddar bacon.
She stopped going online. Nobody noticed.
Bury me in muddy yellow mustard.
I slipped on my wife's semen.
What what what what is zero?
Fill me with love, then leave.
She said yes! I didnt ask...
You really stuffed that deductible in.
I'll believe it in my tweens.
"Sir! Please, stop--" "-AIR HORN NOISE-"
Less sure what is real, everyday.
"Abortion is murder!" yelled suicide bomber
I am dead because of you
"Join me by the tree, dear."
"I don't have enough crotch flexibility!"
And God said, "Welcome to Hell."
Helluva tiger hunt, their obituaries remarked.
Come Home , im Waiting for you ....
"Still she haunts me phantom-wise"
"By the time you find this..."
Immobilised. Screaming for help. *Lights* Surprise!!!
"Confirmed, sentient and hostile." "President?" "Fire."
Maybe your not right for me
Happy as I can be. You?
Got first period during last period.
"My invention: stupidity canceling headphones." "..." "..." "..." "Huh?"
"My invention: stupidity canceling headphones" "..." "..." "..." "Huh?"
Their first date, several bee stings.
It's going to be better tomorrow
Please don't let me go now
It could have been worse...right?
She stuffed the deductible into me.
Pushed too hard, felt something solid...
Entered with dog. Left with leash.
Your spine is examined every time.
We share the same twist ending.
My ninety ninth eye? MIni miNI.
I wanted to suffer ultimate person.
It means no worries for the-
But the meaning will never Disappear
Keys. Into the storm drain. Fuck.
I love you, I'm a stranger.
I wish I could comfort you
I hoped she would forgive me.
Humans are ACTUALLY scared of death.
Desperation blurred the lines of reality.
I eat song lyrics for breakfast.
I was once your closest friend...
Six word story... Full body cringe
But you said you love me.
"... you think?" "Our parents are banging?!"
World's oldest woman dies: 125, suicide.
Dearly Beloved, gathered today...via Zoom
I have never felt farther away
Holiday spirit, warm connections, Zoom call..
Fuck Christmas. -Saint Nicholas Claus (2049)
Fuck Christmas. - Saint Nicholas Claus.(2049)
Her ghost still haunts this house.
360 Rapid Rotating 925 Sterling Silver Six Words Sutra Pendants https://centarsko.com/shop/six-words-sutra-pendants/ #centarsko #design #pendants #goodluck #creative #gift #novelty #creative #reaper #formula #casual #club #sun #handmad #elegant #luxury #bow #silver #sixwordssutra
Every night I reach out. Nothing.
This story is about to end.
She left. Raindrops felt like bullets
Fat burglar ate all my cookies.
There is a crack in everything
Looking for you in the stars
Cannibal Johnson's Cave, best Mojave view.
Christmas with family, now missing one.
It DID say *ALL* purpose flour. . .
On Naughty List. Just shot Santa.
Does anyone have a blue laser?
Hand sanitizer is not a lubricant.
One doctor visit. Lifetime in debt.
We've been deployed to the Mundaneans.
"Hello...?" "You killed yourself once again."
I "edit" my frogs "en grille".
Tell it to your belly button.
Fill your dilettanti with craven rigatoni
Mum, I hate Christmas without you.
If you has love, you lucky.
She was Blur, I was Oasis
Burned My Dad. With Holy Water.
I wish I had been nicer
Left my bedside, hiding their tears.
You called! A balm for mheart
Life: it be like that sometimes.
The coffin closed. I'm still alive.
Elvis, was a hero to most
I screamed. But, no one heard.
She doesn't even say goodbye anymore.
Santa's terminated, hasta la vista baby.
She doesn't even say goodbye anymore.
Evacuate the city. Seek underground shelter.
Santa got stuck; he died suffocating.
Feels dangerous to love you again
Promises after promises; no money payed.
Please be honest while I'm alive.
That homeless man... looks... like... dad!?
Goody Morally spent today hallucinating aurally.
Thanks, ratty underwear, for dedicated service.
The syringe emptied. The body slumped.
Why you shouldnt flush body parts.
Dad left, flag returned. Merry Christmas...
Get out my house, you bitch.
Please wake up, I'm alone, mom.
Here's your heart, I fixed it.
Sacrifice your afternoon sleep for me
Time is the cure... It doesnt!
Woooo! Man in the alley returns!
Dont kill the intruder! Its Santa!
Great Conjuction, ancient prophecy fullfillement time.
The coffin lid gently closed. Darkness.
Distractions from you are running out.
... but shes a 0 sided triangle...
Kiss? Yes. Room smelled of chicken
Winter begins with the great conjunction.
I did nothing, and regret everything.
I Like Ya Cut G *slaps*
Childhood in orphanage. Adulthood in brothel.
Raised in orphanage. Sold for prostitution.
For ridiculing you earlier... I apologize.
[For ridiculing you earlier... I apologize.](https://youtu.be/jYrKqg2TqUo?t=26)
I am my own worst enemy.
Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?
It is finally over... I won.
Krampus' claws marked the chimney flue.
Where's the harm in poisoning Scotsmen?
Erection lasting longer than six hours?
Sorry you had to see that.
She said, "Don't bother coming home."
I'm not allowed to see females.
saw her and forgot to breathe
Panties on Doorknobs: A Witch's Tale
Some time ago, up in Cheyenne
Hearing trouble. Doctor examines. Finds eggs.
See you next year! - So tomorrow?
Sometimes I feel I'm not human
you died and we rotted together.
Too much gravitas in your banality.
Hearts of stone are easily cracked
Elevator out of order. Use defenestration.
Robin Hood was into wealth redistribution.
The most communal lie? "I'm okay."
Child home alone stands his ground.
Wanted to ski. Got cold feet.
Child mailed home in Christmas boxes.
He lives here, sorry, lived here
Grab my hand, it mends hearts
Breaking the law left and right.
Feeling alone in a crowded world.
Distraught child. Missing goldfish. Purring cat.
This is like YIAY but more.
Too much cheese in my mouth!!!
Can't count, is this six words?
Happy Birthday son, heres some pot.
Out there, hidden in plain sight.
"I'm okay here, Mum" - scared, alone
You can drag me through Hell
Lipstick sales down. Mask sales up.
A Christmas Carol, by Charles Dickens
Lost her job, freed her mind.
Read this. Died six days later.
Six-Word Story No. 1 by Alessa Moon: The rabbit was stuffed with carats. (This may seem misspelled, but the use of a homophone was intentional. *Wink and a smile*) I am new to Reddit!
The rabbit was stuffed with carats*. (*This might seem misspelled, but the use of a homophone was intentional. *Wink and a smile*
The beeping became erratic before flatlining
Lets get butt naked and fuck
Fastest poop ever, my phone died.
He.vy rain m...ns .... packet lo.s
Ho Ho *cough* - Super Spreader Santa.
Fifteen bean Texas chili. Houston explodes.
One hiker, two sets of tracks.
Santa didn't wear a mask. Thanks.
Human Balls eventually become Human Shit.
Your dickholes sport no false alarms.
omg i just leaked jenna's dzz
Condocrepe Don Draper Sends His CoolooondroCrepeacities
My history skills... are my programming...
Reckon six sevenths? Goodnight, Doggies, Goodnight!
Pixie sticks makes us Pixie Sicks.
Which palent did you cwen friend
Can this year just be over
Festive cost cutting. Elf was shelved.
Do clouds think were shapes too?
Once started, the tears won't stop
America!, he screamed , headed to Russia.
forever engulfed within the eternal soup.
Glass fragments scattered on your iris.
eternal sunshine with plant based meals.
And then she left me... forever.
Childproof locks. Somehow, they still escaped.
Fear keeps me here, not love.
Crazy! Check this out https://upvir.al/ref/OZ50151178
I am in love with you
Our Worst Fear Should Be Ourselves.
You are told youre the problem.
Mother insisted Judy find her body
Wrong on purpose, still rewarded. Typical...
He did it, he farted backwards!
World doesnt stop when youre mourning.
Wished you dead. Wish I hadn't
I loved her; she loves him.
She didn't wish me happy birthday.
Brown-nosing got Rudolf a demotion.
Alpha Zero has learned to fuck.
Behold, your gods; mortal and finite.
Turns out, stroller brakes are important
I got stucked. Heard stepbrother footsteps
Silence is the loudest parting word
Through a screen, I said goodbye.
I called my Pizzaria. Delivery. Ate.
During numbers station commercials cover ears.
During numbers station ads, cover ears.
You keep me under your spell
Something about living just seems.... sus..
I found a lost dog. Lovers. Strangers.
Hugs were luxuries he couldn't afford.
I'll need your keys back, please.
"Shoot... They BOTH needed the antivenom?"
yeah, i think that we're lost.
So Anyway, I Followed This "Prophet"
Children hospitalizations surge. Santa blamed. Arrested.
Discovered another poetry, hidden within binary.
The sun didnt rise this morning
Light let in. Eyes sewn shut.
My friends live in the TV.
One rule: dont leave the house.
Face at window. Three floors up.
It was all a dream, Donald.
Gimme ancient history for $10,000,000, AlexBot9000.
She wrote him one last letter
What the world needs is honor
Lonliest house in the world burglarized.
Fat man imprisoned midgets for profit.
A Loner incapable of being alone.
Let me out long small talk
Let me out of long smalltalk.
This post should go on mildly infuriating.
For sale: children's playground, never used.
Hopeful future. "Grandpa, what is war?"
Were too fat to get closer.
The ring's still in my pocket.
Let me out of this conversation.
My circle so small, its dot.
Forgetting those you promised to remember...
Winger is actually good, fight me.
She felt past all his pretenses.
Cat meat in her pie; revenge.
It was all downhill from there.
Howto: Permanently Live In A Shack!
Spent entire life rewriting six words.
"Honey, it's me. Your husband." "Who?"
A spider deep in my soul.
He never thought to remember her.
Moderately used coffin, buy for $50
Wonder if it's all for nothing
Im still proud of you, partner.
"But, Chris, she said she's 18!"
"But, sir, she said she's 18!"
"...But, Chris, she said she's 18!"
We really, really tried being civil.
No, I disagree, this IS love!
And, behold, the angels worshipped...off-key.
I miss you. Come find me.
World's gone mad, we're all fucked!
The world is crazy, we're fucked.
Even dead gods have their detritivores.
"Its still you. Always will be:(
I can see her, but she cant.
Im tired...my heart is tired.
...not a rock, I hurt too!
What?... Where?...How?....Why?...OK, when?
Lofi girl leaves pages mostly blank
You were supposed to be real.
Be what I want for tonight.
Now I understand what happened yesterday.
These violent delights have violent ends
Not tonight, I have a headache.
All I have to say is...
Pardon me, is this your monkey?
I dont think this is chicken.
The cat sharted on the wall.
Ill see you tomorrow! -March 13th, 2020
Whyd it have to be her?
Living lies with extra fake smile
Wistful posts do better in here
I think Ive found my people.
The chapped foreskins wound was reopened
Cracked cold ones. Cold cases solved.
No, Im gay. And youre married.
He sees. He hears. He'll deliver.
One more, and I'm done. Promise.
Today, it hits harder... Happy Birthday.
Your previous bachelor party was better
Which suitor pledges twenty five cents
Your pube's growthj begins at pubicpubes.pube
Oops. I dropped your twin cousin.
Why do mannequins move at midnight?
...Not a sex line? Sorry, reverend!
The two of you discussed me.
Jupiter, honey, I will castrate you.
Dont. Look. Just... close the door
He made bruises bloom like dandelions.
Even bad stories need an ending
Each day driving, I remember you.
I only wish to be remembered.
Ive grown tired of remembering you.
Where are alien? Oh, good question.
Who created me? God asked, wondering.
I am so sad. Love me.
Daughter started the Princess Diana Diet
So COVID gives you psychic abilities
His chapped foreskin really needed chapstick
I AM NOT A VIOLENT PERSON!
On nicotine cravings: it will pass
Stepped out of my comfort zone.
Why Doesn't Anyone Give A Shit?
Drops and driplets? Upside MY McRiblets?
Mom, did you smoke my weed?
We didnt talk the whole ride
r/twosentencehorror is now run by snowflakes.
She took everything in the divorce.
Sabbath age is 42 to 49.
Camping trip. Snake bite. Death Bed.
Get money. Get rich. Die poor.
If you make noise, we die.
They conquered. They ate. They fled.
VGhhbms= WW91= Rm9y= QWN0aXZhdGluZw= VGhl= Qm9tYg=
The virus was just the beginning.
I got drunk off Budweiser Zero
His foreskin had some cheese underneath
Mom! I saw mushrooms out there!
Six word stories? More like quotes.
What if Star Wars was Western?
The long national nightmare is over.
Beauty is nice, kindness is 69.
She peeled it back for him.
Iron Chef hard mode challenge: Spam.
We are more than our mistakes
Tis the season for accelerated capitalism.
"A black frisbee?" "It's pizza!" "Was."
"The Tannenbaum Murders" has sappy ending
Mesmerised jury confesses to the murder
God left. What took his place?
Saw Dad in the mirror today.
The time traveller's pathogens ended civilisations.
Her youthful enthusiasm had grown tiresome.
I'm surprised. I don't do surprised.
And then the gods got bored.
All that we had is lost
Doctors here. Hes an imposter too.
I got awards for that story
Confirmed, you are smarter than everyone.
Juror: "Guilty of stealing...my heart"
Animany, totally insany, pals with Cheney
Gordan Ramsey finds a dead body.
I feel like its super close.
She found darkness in her mind.
Doctors here. Hes an imposter too.
No, Office, this weed isnt mine
Load the claymore mine with silver.
The embalming fluid ruined the meat.
i think i think too much.
Wind causes friction, which increases warmth.
Cooked rice literally CANNOT absorb flavors.
That place, weird feeling. Cant go.
Bury me deep inside your heart
YOU'RE Lynnette Lopez? I love you.
Burry me shallow, I'll be back
And another empty chair is added.
Ready?!?!?! Three! Two! One! BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!
You are trouble, the best kind
He never once spoke to her.
How do I talk to Her?
The nomad unlocked their new home.
Stretch it again, you're behind bars.
I fish to wind my reddit wings.
You should follow me on LiaR
I'm so in love with you!
Which lucky buzzsaw bisected you? Billy?
A lifelong walk to the grave.
Peter, i was given much. Such waste.
He entered debt to appear rich.
Instant pot? You didnt mean weed?
Time isnt the healer I expected
"You couldn't save her" he laughed.
Turns out dogs don't like acorns
She told me everything is fine.
"Alexa" he cried. "Play staying alive."
5 words are enough
Turns out baguettes make good weapons.
I shouldve got on the plane
Ambulance and daughter screaming... He's "asleep".
Will our friendship cross the line?
Nostalgia age-seeking missiles, no survivors...
I didnt mean to kill him
That would be very bad - Kurzgesagt
Daughter finds homeless father too late.
Don't worry, I buckled her seatbelt.
The funeral accidently became a wedding
She makes my wife look ugly.
The flower grew mid winter storm.
Her voicemails are all that remain
What are you doing step-_______!?
Maybe curators curate their own lives.
Taking a deep breath, she jumped.
My first love. Hope she dies.
Scooby, I cant find my glasses.
"But 'No soap radio' isn't funny?"
Knew Id miss someones last everything.
The Christmas that never felt complete.
Look away. Im getting bad again.
Pimpin beith not a simple profession
No, I did not create you.
...at least my room is clean.
I feel so alone with you
You only have six words left-
I double dare you mother fucker
You have six words left.
Bioluminescent starfish illuminate the endless abyss.
Eight minutes more till complete darkness.
Hobby Lobby music: its own genre.
Hell: a game with infinite lives.
Todays the day. Todays the day.
The rain was supposed to stop.
This years's negative word is "POSITIVE" /COVID19/
We fell together, she rose alone.
Sealed letters that I haven't opened.
Polar bears looking for a home.
"Death do us part," he lied.
Cries in broke. Adds to cart.
Thursday was Gluttony, Friday was Greed
Frostbitten hands, soon to see grandpa
nothing couldn't be broken, until now
You said *SHIP* in a bottle?!
Blocking onlyfan hoes is hard work
Why not? the chocolate cake asked
Why not? asked the chocolate cake
Respect the grouchiness of the Grinches.
I'm a little bit rebellious.
MAGA abandoned. People want to live.
He went away, one sunny Sunday.
Nostalgia isn't what it was once
"Babe...?" "Humanity eradicated, mimicry unnecessary." "Roger."
I wish I could tell you
"Mommy sleeps when she pokes herself."
I'm eighteen and I'm still here.
You can't marry and impregnate him!
What if all humans were gay?
So, for you, its just Friday?
Life's a gift. Say ''thank you''.
After sleepless nights, they got accepted.
Nation meal preps once a year.
fly, high, sky, wallpaper, headache, repeat
You go first. Find anything? Tommy??
One day, we'll experience "THE END".
"Who're-" "You." "Why-" "Replacement." "How-" *gunshot*
She waxes poetic under electric candlelight
Winter to you, Summer to me.
Fucking when!!?? Doot doot doot doot
 Masturbate.  Watch Movie.  Thread Horse Chestnuts.
In time I began to unravel
My children don't recognize me anymore.
All I got was a t-shirt.
Drinking heavily. Found out she's pregnant.
HEADLINE: Man who cured death dies.
Love conquers all. Love never fades.
Sometimes, I use my bedroom oven
I have an m80. What now?
Who the hell doesn't boil themselves?
Try fistfucking a fuckbreasted FickFuck, fuckface.
More Americans grateful for food lines.
This some Chong and Cheech shit.
You ate one one pound dollar.
dont bowl tits with myyy wife
Just please, Daddy, a different vowel.
Everybody wants to be left alone.
I chopped her up... Now what?
I Chopped her up! Now What?
They cried fraud for the fraud!
"Love?" "It's an unfairly childish emotion."
it turns us all into monsters
You're unique, just like everyone else.
- SURPRISE!!!! Happy birthday! - but its quarantine.
I cant be scared AND erect.
Met my wife on DateHookup. Again.
I met my wife on DateHookup again.
I named myself after my daughter.
when games become reality, reality sucks
Was forced to watch Frozen again
King or beggar, the curtain calls.
You're not perfect. That's perfectly fine.
Springtime poems light the winter fire.
Fake problems will breed fake solutions.
Started shaving ears. Middle age confirmed.
Today, a ransomware attacked NeuraLink Network
For sale: Magic carpet (needs repair)
She peeked at his medicine cabinet
The name... the name... what name?
NEWS: Last month's Covid-19 fatalities decreasing.
Now my therapist needs a therapist.
Yes, Netflix. Im still watching. Alone.
No double jump, I realize late.
I picked another therapist by looks.
2021 was even worse than 2020.
Wanted perfect, she showed up. Perfect!?
Method actor kills family. Wins award.
What did you think lactose-intolerant meant?
His ticket's winning numbers remained unnoticed.
I was watched while I slept
Once upon a time, the end.
They both knew it was over.
Im sorry the gynecologist finally said.
Rain patters. Candle flickers. Time... ceases.
Undertaker's farewell in an empty room.
Oh, finally! You arrived said Satan
Oh... Applesauce WAS Chimichurri's fuck partner.
What if my name wan't Pinocchio?
Yes, I urinated blood, so what.
Was here or wasn't there logic?
To know the seventh word, please...
Stay back 5,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 parsecs/second, Yoda.
what if we don't fuck up
Let a ho be a ho
You're quiet, but way too loudly.
Life constantly gave gifts to death.
Living in the timeline god abandoned.
The raccoon wept, "We were Groot."
The vaccine's effectiveness was about 70%
That wasn't me, that was Patricia.
That mosquito won't stab no more.
"I see you", the abyss responded.
No family means Thanksgiving for one.
I think I'm about to die
Your government doesn't care about you.
"Now, we're COVID free" they announced.
His last words were, Dont eat....
Cause of life? Too much alcohol.
The stalker followed two meters behind.
     '.
Bag of batteries I must kill
29. Kt. takes B, and wins.
Should have gotten married during Corona.
"We want peace!" the gunmen said.
You can take your last nap
Habitual seeking results in lost time.
It goes over your nose, too.
Looked at mirror, reflection turned around
She keep succ after you nut
The will to live became scarce.
I dont think, therefore Im not.
He decided not to feel anymore.
I loved Hitlers art; he painted?
The name remembered. The face forgotten.
Im so sorry for your loss.
Many will hear, few will listen.
And I'm losing myself to you...
He finally accepted it was over
And god said: what the fuck?
buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo
Anonymity might help, but not enough.
Ruled suicidenobody needed an alibi.
The vegan eggs the carnivores house
He wanted escape, he got isolation
Escape he wanted but isolation he had
The hand spoke, then they fell
Hot sauce belongs in the fridge
Ripped the bong, ready for church.
He loved her, so she became.
she came back to life. again.
New Objective Received: Survive Nuclear Blast.
Two run in, one walks out.
White Walls, Locked Doors, Student Support
Conditioned to view freedom as selfishness.
I fucking really love my cat.
Its probably better off this way.
FINE, your skin isn't anyone's sketchpad.
Interdimensional crustaceans, no. Psychotropic myskatanicals, yes.
Stop, or my hemorrhoid will ascertain!
She leads a very lonely life
Reaper thanked me that I'm alive
Twenty-year marriage over. Heartbroken and happy.
"Save scum the election!", Donnie thought.
"oddly specific" is the new "random"
Covid: four pm became wine oclock.
He reminded me of my mother.
That's not how herd immunity works
We developed herd immunity to oxygen
And then the internet began working.
People believe some whacked out shit!
I always thought it was odd.
Polar bears looking for a home.
You cant blame me said satan
:    ~ .
Like her father, gone too soon.
Im bald. Parting with comb impossible.
Only the wind delivered her eulogy.
Here's Ken Dilanian. Oh shit. Fuck.
Here's Tim Dilanian. Oh shit. Fuck.
Worried? I can always just jump
"DO NOT TOUCH," read the braille.
I swear, you are my first
Unopened letters, mud on the doorstep.
She's very late. The phone rings.
Gruesome stories poured from the microphone.
Spitting buckets unused, snobby winery unimpressed.
Fiberone bars will give you diarrhea
Suddenly, clouds became nonexistent in reality
I'm taking our cat children, moving.
2 suits rented - prom and funeral.
Emergency contact information intentionally left blank.
Again.: Murder, yes, MOST FOUL, no.
Repeat for years, you must tired.
Binary is for humanity, we don't.
Sex is forbidden fruit for humans.
Dude, who pissed in my pants ?
Real life: 50 percent are imposters.
Quietly, many miss-judged numbers by volume.
Trailmix bag with only one m&amp;m.
But he was not dead anymore
And you thought 2020 was bad
Grown men don't cry, he lied.
Meditating, he breathed with the wind
The rain's hymn appeased the forest
Hold on the end is near
Do not let the kids see!
i had to make two posts
This sentence is so long that
Last human dies, his family mourns.
Her pronouns were me/me/me.
Vaccine 94% effective, 48%, 8%, redacted.
"It sucks!", unclear review for vacuum.
Heavy rain hides a broken heart.
Six words? Too many. Try 5.
Bradley couldn't fathom Oksana's random fandom.
Engraved door plaque reads: Interim Director
I wish I couldve said goodbye.
The voice in her head won.
Can this be considered a shitpost?
Never trust stablishment!,the president said
He is dead,war is over
Fuck! Need to kill me  again.
My dinner date's always my dog
Wrote story with only five words.
I do not need you anymore.
Hey mom, do you remember me?
Suicidal twin kills sister by mistake
Wait what? He escaped from where?
Time is an illusion, lunchtime doubly so.
The sky went dark that day.
Remember the old Internet dialup sound?
47 72 65 65 74 69 6E 67 2C 68 75 6D 61 6E 73 2E
Red dead BLED... on my head.
The sun rose in the west.
My butt damn busted out against.
Wall Street "Scissor Sisters" End Humanity
"Union" was more offensive than "N***r".
One French lesson in, Charlie died.
Life's short to live in fear.
I want CBT. The torture kind.
Good acting, writing's all right. Critique.
Almost ran over my future wife.
Adam opened the garden to them.
Grocery shopping's become a dangerous pastime
Church orphanage helps children find daddies.
not even valium helps me sleep
Youve held it? With your hands??
Overpaying to live in your head
Writing checks my dick cant cash.
"Ach! Hans, run! It's the lhurgoyf!"
Please honey,shut up and dance
Netflix. Zoom. DoorDash. Hairy. Chubby. 2020.
"Autopilot terminated." Shit, I can't drive!
President Trump, sir. This changes everything.
We used to watch the stars
You're supposed to take only one?
Beer goggles activated. How you doin'?
Too loud? Too old. Two strangers.
Unnatural rage for lack of blinkers.
Sure, pass me and slow down.
Team Armenia? Azerbaijan? Say what again?
Throw against wall. See what sticks.
"Woop Woop?" Not allowed in 2020
Outie turned Innie. Time for diet.
Liked baby Yoda pre-egg-eating.
Trump? Biden? Kang? Kodos? Matters not.
"Boy or girl!?" "...well... it's... complicated"
Trump supporter's kid comes out. Surprise!
Brainstorming session failed. I got nothin'.
Shits gettin' real... where's my pacifier?
Awoke... naked? Sandpaper walls? Treadmill floor...
Fuck coffee, you ever tried roulette?
"You're late," I told the executioner.
"Hold this mirror whilst I masturbate."
Today or tomorrow? You died yesterday.
My mother died at our birth.
Wait, Im not the main character?
Dear opposition. Go away. Sincerely, Everyone.
Stop panic buying toilet paper again.
If life's soup, I'm a fork.
Here is a robot pretending humans.
Why is this thing so salty?
Worldwide, we joyously celebrated his defeat
May I? Stand unshaken. Arthur heard
They're stuck in third person! HELP!
Fifth Harmony called it in 2016.
And his last words? Just coughs.
Im afraid itll always be you.
I'm that freezing wind tomorrow night.
Welcome to hell... I mean America.
Not in the face! Not in
I am here to appreciate you.
I'm not NOT essentially ignoring you.
I ate one less mouse today
I tried everything, youre still unreachable.
Found love: didn't risk, now regrets.
Bad breath? Stop drinking bong water!
This is your best blowjob ever.
Excuse me, someone used seven words
"You OK? Sorry about your car"
"Immunity, or I reveal state secrets"
Lately, accepting reality counts as character.
Heads rolled: then the healing began
No tears falling on my grave
Let me write just one more
Introvert's routines unchanged by pandemic restrictions
His "vegan" dogs ate his corpse
"Orange man bad" is understating it
"What could I have done?" "Nothing"
Me. Money. Grandma. Steal. Homeless.
A wild dingo ate my baby.
The true meaning of life is
Water flows, fire spreads, she bends
He fought the invisible battle, alone.
I don't think: therefore I'm not.
Please don't reject chapters 1-.
Sex, then a gift. Trigger pulled.
22 years * 11 years = 58564 years
Whatever happened on Tuesday happened MONDAY!!!!!!
Wear brown pants as a precaution...
Haters: "Stop hating haters!" World: "Nah."
Haters: "Stop hating haters!" World: Nah.
I'd punch you before fucking you.
The only dangerous minority, the rich!
"It's easy for rich people to act nice." - Ji An from the KDrama, My Ahjussi
She/Her! Imposter Syndrome. He/Him...
The man. The myth. The disappointment.
For sale: many tasty Danish minks.
She faced her second death, unafraid.
She never feared her second death.
"The first witness: The murder victim!"
Your elbow shouldn't bend like that.
My physician is a rodent, Drrats!
Lunar dust covered grandpa's easy chair.
I told you to go right.
Commas save lives. Let's eat, Grandma.
For sale: Baby. Shoes didn't fit.
THerE Is an IMPOSTER AMong us
If I'm sterile, who's the father?
Manned mission to hell! Earthlings needed.
Born from "Wrestling". Neither parent wrestles.
Dammit, tumors! You are NOT helping!
Mom? Dad? Go fucking each another.
My grandfather CAN and DOES can.
Im so hungry. Please feed me.
The idealist turned into a realist
Grand opening Wednesday, cleaning on thursday
Youll never guess who did it
There once was a boy named-
They had conquered everything. Even death.
Did I left the stove on?
"Absolute power corrupts absolutely", on repeat.
Due date passes, I keep scrolling.
All the stars have gone cold.
I'll spend forever living this moment
The differences are subtle, but immense.
Missing you is the worst pain
Why cant people just get along?
His dying wish was swim lessons.
Sometimes the couch is more comfortable.
The rich decide where thumbs go.
Cradle for sale, first day condition
Orange. Man. Wont. Leave. White. House
All votes counted, still no winner.
Last meal options were not Paleo.
As she said it i fainted
That sex's not real. This is.
New Mar-A-Lago Members Discount: 99% Off
Stormy seas behind, home sweetly beckons
Heres the election result, next Tuesday.
Long-shot candidate, Putin, wins American presidency.
Write drunk; Edit sober!
"Birthday?" "No, just paid off loans."
"Damn you're ugly," said the clone.
Im a wreck, how are you?
Every four years it happens again.
"Honey, did you hire the clown?"
Quick! Is anyone here a geologist??!!
Jump, gliding, sliding, spinning, falling .... oooof!
Oh Heaven knows I'm miserable now
Chernobyl season 2. Coming next fall.
The horse I bet on died.
Chance of a dignified transition: Nil.
Wake up!, screamed the blue Giraffe.
Seriously, don't drink it, inject it.
You were a daydream of destruction.
Saw a horse through the window
When Spring fever met cabin fever ...
Radiation senor goes wild at protest.
Dad, who was the last astronaut?
Born and died on November 14th.
Meet Woody, the dog: bark specialist.
Hey! Your mother smelled of elderberries.
They are controlling you with words.
Freshman 15 -----&gt; Prison 25 to life.
Our eyes poked his vagina. AMA
Time? For armpit cleaning? Yeah, right!
This abandoned house looks safe enough!
Have fun while you can, Yanamaria.
They're inching closer to political assassinations.
Your simple words ignite my soul.
Frighteningly, the recently deceased ceased deceasing.
Should have known that was poison
Look where the red fern grows
never order a second discounted pizza.
Help! I can't stop this train.
Her mother died in his arms.
Think. It is not illegal yet.
Why don't you come with me...
Today, they fight. Tommorow, they kiss.
Saw a horse through the window
Looks like swings cant be trusted.
Octogenarian windowed eight times smiles devilishly
Halloween is over, but fright remains.
Human remains - all scattered around, lifeless
They coached us what to think.
Oh great, another dead probation worker
Where did we hide the shovel?
Stab the cross. Drink the blood.
Why do I feel so alone?
BAM, and I am forever alone.
Two were left. Just one bullet.
Your ladies call me Scarlet. Why?
From rumble soon emerged a castle.
Guns for Tots was a blast!
"I can't read," said the librarian.
'Pedophile' was a poor costume choice.
Jesus wept for his caged daughter.
Late? Or are you not coming?
Love: Another way to shatter your heart.
No trial needed, just a tree.
For trade: my sleep, your insomnia
Cacophony of voices; still authentically me.
Zombies out on Hallows Eve? Interesting.
The drunk woman chain smokes cigarettes.
I gave them more than candy.
He blocked his wife on reality.
"I do", she said. She lied.
The masks were just the beginning.
Saw you smile one last time.
I suck man, said the tampon
"Here Lies Houdini", lied the epitaph.
I fucked Anne Frank, says Hitler.
I bet your kisses are delicious.
Creepy old man won the election.
After 5 beers Im not responsible.
Most controversial post of all time
Well, he almost missed a bullet
This year can't get any worse...
No, I think Im just tired.
Waiting for you, cold down here
First date: white shirt, had spaghetti.
Closed smile hid another broken tooth.
Please stay... just a little longer..
The world ends, along the year.
The best revenge is massive success.
Few came this far, fewer survived
In the end, it didn't matter
Tomorrow is today, today is tomorrow.
That morning, the sun didn't rise.
Americans vote. World holds its breath.
Baby for sale; shoes not included
Avoided relapse. Phone died texting dealer.
Civil War reenactment with military surplus
Masks? Randolph Carter finally blends in.
Recurring visions of such sweet days...
New message: Hey! Im driving to
New message: Hey! Im driving to
Cold a bare bear couldnt bare.
Words beget bigots with big gats.
Old widower befriends an old dog.
My search term turned up porn!
Pay us back when y'all can.
Thththat's the lastststst of the f'f'firewood.
Wanted: Lonely roommate. I bring catsup.
You know your mics on, right?
Tree of Life left me hanging.
"Remember what favor you owed me?"
The Doomscroll Emperor blinked, then smiled.
Turns out death really does hurt.
2020 Still Life: Still life?
I see... Back in a sec
five more minutes. he only had 1
Uh oh... The sun's setting again
She looks so much like him
"Plague doctor? No that's Big Bird."
"Plague doctor? No that's big bird."
Mom, look! I ate lunch today!
The story was a self-reference gimmick.
You were never imaginary, were you.
You can live today despite yesterday
Made in America. Parts from Thailand.
They rose up, rose up
The sea said something. You sniffed.
Hammock, sunset, some lo-fi and you
Jesus loves sinners. Truck stops dont.
Busier than a one legged butt-kicker!
Tonights our 60th , table for one
What the hell is this subreddit?
Judgement = Either-or. Meaning = Both-and.
"Lying is always bad." -- Every religion
They flirted. She cut her fingernails.
A belated farewell. Goodbye, my youth.
I lose weight? Stress works best.
Gardening is cheaper than therapy.
Celebrated touchdown too early. Got tackled.
New recipe. Smoke alarm. Take out.
Dog wagging the tail.
Everyone remains six feet from cured
Fours years and counting. Still silence.
Leaked documents mention COVID-20 to 35
My heart is a fault line.
Soft light, tangled limbs, fatefully vulnerable
Loser on Earth. Loser on Mars.
Im just used to feeling worthless.
Senile corporatist vs racist old liar
McConkey's thrilling "Watch This" grew somber.
The painting was full of blood
Orange ya tired of the lies?
Deaf sheriff arrests musician: minor fingering.
The statue blinked! Swear to God!
She wanted to blow me. Up.
Stabbing father was the easy part.
Vote! for president of the ashes
What are you doing, step ladder?
Cats and refrigerators dont mix well
Had diarrhea before, not like this...
Did you just say 'wink', sir?
Blind Hostage Identifies NVG Heist Gang
after 2021 we'll all miss 2020
Pick and pull body yard approved.
He just never started to cry.
Here I am again, she said.
I already did guarantee all that.
I answered you. I'm asking now.
IT'S BRIIIIITTTTIIIIIISSSSHHHHHHHHH! It Goes To 250..........................
I hate all men! Except myself.
Illegal cocaine dealership never stopped since
Name's Lil'Puberang. Game's my pubes're lil'boomerangs.
Funeral mud is hard to clean.
Night comes and my struggle begins
Desperate entrepreneur resorts to the unthinkable
Iran/Biden. Russia/Trump. Im American...
The bride wore black. I smirked.
Can you say something about nothing?
Replaying her leaving night and day.
Replaying leaving her night and day.
No room for my large brain
Charlie Brown. Good grief is right.
Unrequited love. Isnt it just apathy?
What line between truth and slander?
I have nothing left for you.
Forgiveness for all the wrong people
I wish we were still friends.
Leave no witnesses. Kill the baby.
Alzheimers took what the fire didnt.
Bro, is was just a prank!
i'm finally free, but not alive
Shower scream entertained Norman Bates mother.
I prefer meth. Turn left here.
The program uninstalled, my existence ended.
"Hello World", the code me say.
Its time to come home now.
Stokeenflamesummonconcentratecondensetranscend.
Its not you, its me, Mariooo!
What if I became a femboy?
My divorce is final. Such relief.
please, put the gun down now.
Im Dead Inside, Im A Skeleton
"I'm tired of being the monster"
Happiness is scary, because it ends.
Bragging now inherent in successful lifestyle
I died. Simply a minor setback.
This is very disturbing, why now?
Aesop Rock Is The Best MC
haha guy no go yeet anymore
The sailors heart began to sink.
Damn! Great sex always. Good dog!
Darknesss hands tugged on his shirt.
Why would you vote for him?!
Fresh paint and a new toilet.
I kissed America and it died.
Non disclosure agreements should be illegal.
SON! DAMNIT! IM HELPING YOU, FAGGOT!
My car sold that was home.
Truth or dare? Dare. Kiss me.
2 sons dead, one to go
The scalpel clatters to the floor.
Dark, alone. Odd being buried alive.
The Rapture came and went, unnoticed.
Feudalism: it's your count that votes
First sad, now angry, whats next?
She died first, finally I win.
Flat earther to head sniper school.
Senator Meadows infected the young man.
Don't blow dry hair! Lick it!
Being proven wrong must feel great!
Ran over and woke up different.
Be honest. You cant. Im leaving.
No buffer; here we all suffer.
Mini crewmates watching their parents die
Always speaking, never listening. Til death.
Tecnically,being a motherfucker isn't illegal
Youre huge! Thats what she said.
Any thoughts on the next election?
Gunshots pierced the already dead silence
Six word story
But why though? What's the point?
Seeking: Friendship. Warning: Abandoned. References: Unrequited.
Well honestly, he's still not me
The cancer spread. The insurance didn't.
"Mum! The sun is getting bigger!"
Honey, you there? He found us.
Help!Im Lost I Need Help!
Government trackers: have alibi, stay alive.
Red alert: Jesus has breached containment
Someone that I used to know
Looked suave at Grandpa's Zoom funeral.
SPIDDLE: A riddle riddled with spoonerisms.
"Wake up", his son said softly.
A ravens flight over burning eden
Invincible, exclaimed the clown mid cough.
My mom is a star now.
Met god after attending sermon, unmasked.
"Coup" uncovered. Elections suspended for "safety."
Ruined that cashier's day. Feeling better.
Mommy says I'm good for nothing
Newly coronated, he tightened his grip.
The broken man broke his son.
Properties of phi bridge ordersa magnitude
Wish: No Gs. enie lared, ranted.
The Morse code read save arseholes
Turning, I coughed in their faces
Dracula entered the nunnery around midnight
Every disadvantage has its own advantage
Little Tommy. 2006 - 2007. Forever Young.
It's amazing how cycling soothes pains.
killed the party from the inside.
Time on site ruined online writing.
Sirens. Sudden brightness. Scary silence followed.
CLASSIFIED: Pandemic needed; impending food shortage
Missing child case reclassified... Driving test
I was happy once, I think
Doctor - "Get your things in order..."
You cannot be illegally blonde, Donald.
My butt is buttworthy, Western Tennessee.
Redditology is Scientology publicly infighting.
Checked stool for blood. Just wood.
Love wins when time moves on.
Excuse ready. Feel guilt. Guilty. "Okay."
Its not your fault were divorcing.
The eldritch muppet tickled me back.
I dont want to be here
Nobody wins a game like this.
Why is unrequited love so hurtful
Secret Service destroyed from the inside.
Drill sergeant couldn't help but laugh.
Dad laughed too. "Dont tell mom."
"I am from the future" -- Never, Anyone
Black cat found in deadly pileup.
I'll replace myself before I go.
Invented time machine 2047. Patented 1943.
Eats hay. Regurgitates. Chews cud. Repeats.
Phrase your answer as a question.
A Haiku this is really not.
Two magnets attracted to each other
God may just be playing God
Exist is to exit the resist.
The fly is dead. i'm tired.
Breaking: Fauci replaced by Seth Brundle
The volume never went low enough
Will you just shut up, man?
Rule one: Don't attend Hawking's party.
I should have hugged you goodbye.
Everything you had plus your life.
Both cords failed on my parachute.
Laquisha, where did the bananas go?
Nowhere to sit? Ride a horse.
A low life in high chairs.
Mass shootings in schools? During pandemic?
It's a children's book for adults.
Mass shootings in school? In pandemic?
None true - all very, very scary.
The Tree. Always leaving. Never leaves.
Greatest soprano dies of throat cancer.
Foul play causes nuclear football dropped.
Her rotting teeth taste like candy.
They ate the tainted meat. Revenge.
It was unintended and invariably fatal.
The stranger asked an unanswered question.
The unanswered question I never asked.
Mirror broken. My reflection had escaped.
It isn't rape if she's dead.
Youre gorgeous. *rolls eyes* I know."
Ill keep loving you until forbidden.
Into water I became a fish
Trump died then I woke up
We shame ourselves to the unashamed.
The highway sings through the night
Neither duelist expected the third shot.
nothing is truth. everything is permitted
I have found the lamb sauce.
Girlfriend left me and my son
My nice words were left unread.
The fireworks slowly turned into gunshots.
Love letter please return to sender.
Guy requests equitable distribution of covers
I lost and found another career.
Hey Death? You missed a spot.
COVID kills the art of ventriloquism.
I wanna Jim Carrey in movie
Just wanted to see you again
Mock Funerals beget authentic child tears
With the dictators demise, freedom returns.
She was not eighteen years old.
Amy buried me in a box.
Why does no one actually care ?
We finally read his last tweet.
That monstorosity was bald girl's -- Hi.
Sturgiss or Burgess, Mr. Meredith. Now.
President explodes, aliens emerge. Nothing changes.
I never wanted to move on.
MISSING: the story's final word
Hurricane warning: Its name? Yours.
Too old for thongs, shoe, knickers
Climbing back from hell, alone
Times were simpler, words were easier.
Did you ever even liked me?
Deer can't run on twos, right?
Among us introverts, only yellow vented.
Donald Trump is NOT MY PRINCIPAL.
Peter Parker, web designer, arrested today.
The mirror broke. A portal opened.
First ghost president sworn in. Booooooooooooooooooo.
"We have more bullets than vaccines"
Ill be done waiting, in death.
I aspire to be a prophet?
Funny, you think Im profit driven.
Drained swamp revealed shittonnes of skeletons.
Donald died,now everybody wears masks
Even she couldn't have survived that.
Twins buy just one shoe each.
Strippers make more money then graduates.
I destroy evil by exposing it.
Mom, I didn't like to bury you in the ground.
Everything is going to be okay
"I don't like the sirens, Mommy."
Finally, my winter fat is gone.
Science Losers Cemetery: home of Trump.
'Planet' Earth appears to be hatching
I'll always be loyal to myself
Made myself pray; made myself prey.
This is where I attacked her.
I should never let you go...
Drain swamp with one weird trick.
Power still isn't back on, yet.
The schizophrenic found our hidden cameras.
I now pronounce you man and
Orange Person Tested Positive For COVID-19
Vote for me! I'm not dead!
"SUN'S A HOAX!" Icarus screamed, plummeting...
Late night doing nothing feeling empty
Whoops! Something Went Wrong. Such Empty
Three words irrevocably seal mans fate
Your vote counts. Don't vote orange.
He wouldn't just let me leave.
There's a Comfort in Being Insane.
Six inch heels...strip or strut?
"Hands up? Please?" asked reluctant robber.
Chinese "penniless" is not American "penniless"
I'm poor beyond my wildest dreams.
No one loves the word "now".
Green light. Speeding car. MY LIFE!
Genuine masochists are rewatching the debate.
Deep moans silence my raspy whispering.
She carried the body out confidently
Trying to be perfect, failing everyday
This presidential campaign will end, right?
Have you ever played with suctions?
Have you ever played with suctions?
Saying global warming was an understatement.
Even if we were the one.
Shepard hires lowest bidder. [Pikachu face].
The big debate loser? American democracy.
"No sexiness" isn't a bad rule.
I waved, they turned and left
Monkey show presidential debate is embarrassing.
Area landlord thoroughly recounts minor repair
Missing children's posters; smudged by rain.
Ball stalled. 2020 continues until fixed.
Trampolines couldnt solve that particular problem.
Im the fool who loves more
Fighting The Flood: practice social distancing.
Your android sheep eating my flower.
What date is today? Todays Tuesday
She likes steak. I'm a masochist.
The last time I saw you.
No, Im taking the necessary break.
Dont want to be a stranger
We finally got married. Goodbye, blowjobs!
I like porn. That is all.
Your story is better than mine.
I'm the sidekick of my story.
"Nie wieder Gewalt, Nie wieder Krieg!"
She couldnt explain the missing panties.
Wait, you're voting for HIM?!?!
Sorry she's from why for who?
Missing comma causes wrongful death sentence!!
I peed all OVER your pee.
Me, a footnote in their lives.
GAIIISSSSSSS!!!!! Twitter suspended me!!!!!!! AGAIN!!!!!!! (-2s)
If you like them, suck them.
Hills alive, sound of tear gas
I cant even. Isnt that odd?
I see you with closed eyes.
Truly Steamy Six-word Stories. A tell-all.
Divorce, then married, in same year.
Staring contest with the sun. Victory.
What I want to, will I?
Second hand immortality charm. Half Price!
Webcam was on. 15 murder witnesses.
i need to transform a six word story into a full story, does anyone have any ideas which i can use and a plot point?
Diarrhea was everywhere. Running away now.
Forgot what this story was about.
What made my surrogate mother explode?
"`I will not let you suffer.`"
Depression came and stole my soul.
"Why are you smiling? We're lost."
You're the reason I smoke cigarettes
Destroy the politicians, not each other.
One gun, no bullet, one dead.
My story: convoluted plot, underdeveloped character.
I loved her, she fucked him!
I choose the Red pill!
Felt good, didn't fill the void.
A love like this? Never again.
Im losing it  my world, too.
I need to return this wedding dress.
Im exhausted, but I cant sleep.
Learned today: women do fart. Viciously.
DEAD BODY REPORTED. Blue vented away!
New First: Android population exceeds ours.
I don't care if it's illegal.
EMERGENCY MEETING! I SAW BLUE VENT!
"I'd like to return this ring"
Certified freak, 7 days a week.
"How To" suicide book never returned.
Acted drunk, schizophrenic, then celestial. A-lister.
Hope is debt, paid by worries.
Till death do us apart again
Whys that zombie wearing moms dress?
When in hell, find temporary oases.
End of the world, kinda boring.
End of the word, kinda boring.
Vicky stopped feeling . . . . sad . . . happy . . anything.
I still love you classic Shmoseby
2020: One star, would not recommend
He chased her. Now he's blocked.
I hit "reply all" by accident.
Seat's up, water's blue. Go time.
What do you want from me?
So what? Im already without you.
Icarus 2: New Feathers, Same Wax
Help Wanted: Humans preferred, No Martians.
He didn't raise hands in time.
Even strangers can love one another
Reservation under Pity, party of one.
"Why do you need to pres-"
Why is the last word never...
Cleverly combining nude modeling and ventriloquism.
It crept closer. And grew larger.
... The king continued, I am your ruler...
can someone further explain the 6 word story Too much life. Too few words for me please
Coal and carrot pooled; scarf retrieved.
Fallout 4, now owned by Microsoft
The man froze. His reflection winked.
Bang, whimper. All else is footnote.
Bang, whimper. All else is footnote.
The fingerprints were mine.
The world reminds me of you.
Just say no to Autism Speaks!
You're okay, butterflies need cocoons too
describe your life in 6 words (humorous)
Cause smokin' ain't allowed in homeschool.
Alas, nothing remains but our regrets.
The first message has been decoded
Ok Google, read the return policy
i connected the dot; I capitalized.
Queerbeers,gallons,down the atch,love
No one means anything to whhaaaAAAAA???????
I thought I knew the mushrooms.
Another excuse to confiscate their stuff.
And on the seventh word, He
ATTENTION: ENTRANCES CLOSING. SUBJECT HAS ESCAPED.
What I am, you shall be.
I have a plan. Tell me.
I've finally proved she's a cannibal.
Her lauded beauty obscured her genius.
Using toilet in dream? Wake up.
I miss how you wanted me
Thank you for your application. Unfortunately..
I was intimidated, so fuck you.
Trump's wall: keeps Americans in, too!
I told you it was loaded.
I didnt know I miscarried.
Clap. Clap. Clap. Bored; fake bravo.
It will end soon, I promise
Just want to stay here, forever
Our modern concept of work: unnatural?
You have more than you know.
twice as bright, half as long.
My only friend? A plushie sharky
Fascism prevents fascism when its AntiFa
I'm torn between napping and suicide
I deserve to live a little
why's my blood type so important?
Grandma died. Losing my virginity now.
It was not, it seemed, ketchup.
Did you know... We HAD brains!!!!
SOS-OMG-AED-ASAP-CPR-ER
I still exist (for some reason).
I find tipping my fedora tittilating
Suddenly woke up in the morgue!!
I'm so old: can't remember birthday.
The factory echoed thousands of screams.
Worked in maintenance. Then got married.
Receiving news of infertility was bittersweet
Atrocious apathy achieved Amazonian arboretums annihilation.
Exercise daily, still fat as fuck.
Late for AA meeting. "Uh...traffic."
I like him, he doesn't know.
Atheist appointed top religious government position.
Oh my god, they were roommates
Time passed until abruptly it didn't.
Picassos Woman wiped her nose/eye.
He kept repeating his mom's voice.
My first cum was my last.
"Marry me," said to an empty room.
The groom made the bride cry.
You'll reply. Eventually. I think. Please?
They were left all alone... again.
Taoreru dake de fukkin wanda koa
'I'm so sorry,' the doctor said.
His family left, another visit done.
If only father hadn't raped her.
Tip of pen sliced mighty army.
Even after death, the pain continued.
I hope I have a condom.
New American record: 210% voter turnout.
The edge is crumbling below me.
Bright flash. Mushroom clouds. It's over.
Is less than 6 words allowed?
We didn't realize it was over.
While California freezes, Alaska grows oranges.
I'll be fine after another drink.
Keep moving forward? I physically cannnot.
He prayed, then rowed to shore.
Baby shoes for sale, never used
Online gaming feels close, yet distant.
I drifted away into the unknown
The sky was never blue again.
The identical twins. One beating heart.
Never sell China. Never. Sell. China.
What do you mean suspicious circumstances?
Showers, weddings, funeral; all approved here.
Showers, weddings, funeral; all approved here.
Wait, what about him? Hell work
Look what you made me do.
Virus denier joins hoax. Gets ventilator.
... pretty sure that wasn't a Centrum.
Still breathing, but at what cost?
Creating the virus, selling the antidote.
Reader will die in ten days.
Busy Road. Red Puddle. The Siren.
Overdrafted account again to buy formula.
I just wanna cry, a lot.
We're all trying to forget someone
I want you. Be the one.
Learned today: hospitals are emotionally exhausting?
With masks on, cant read lips.
No hotel, gas...exit 42 draws
Where are these snakes coming from?
Southern city first to be abandoned.
Six words later, I got karma
At least it cant get worse
Unfortunately, Lovecraft wasn't actually writing fiction.
Washington, Oregon, California: asphyxiation kills millions.
Aaah, sweet coffee... Damn! That's salt!
But sir, they've surrendered. No prisoners.
Found out I'm the other woman!
If only six words were enough.
Her half finished suicide note, unopened.
Heaters? In an ICE CREAM FACTORY?!?!?
November 1st; "Voter assistance" robots appear
I was the only one left
Winter comes as the geese go.
He couldn't reach the finish line.
A box for my birthday? *Arf!*
A box for my birthday? *Arf!*
Up, baby! You with angels now
Kill me if I am evil.
The bed is empty beside me.
I find your unmysteriousness unmysteriously... unmysterious.
You can't deal with MY stupidity?
Aliens: "We left SO many clues"
I'm tired. I'll do it tomorrow.
I could do nothing but watch
This post is illegal in this sub
Murdered general: November coup completely justified.
Fun Fact: Humans predicted robots takeover.
My reflection is an existential crisis.
I didn't know they could cry.
... you bit off his what now?
I guess I'll try again, again.
Worn out baby shoes; kept always.
My wife found my reddit account
I asked. You answered with silence
Kidnapped employees is acceptable business risk.
I wish they would let me write.
Fat wife won't let me excercise
You said you would not forget
No one's listening! Nobody is listening!
Can I just start again, please?
False flag operation fails. Surveillance continues.
*beep* "Insert coins for more words."
I just need a brain cleanse
I never learned how to write
This is a six word story
Yesterday is heavy. Leave it behind.
I sprayed my own facial. Nah.
Its a boy! Hey, thats lit!
Brand new game, same broken body
My eyes slipped through that sieve.
Attention units! Subject has breached containment
I dont want to marry you
Solving nine eleven ends the war.
Pregnancy pain = Kidney stones pain = OVERRATED
Those balls became my ballyhooed ballerinas.
Mushrooms invading YOUR mailbox? Try Cumaway.
Public shaming made her commit suicide
Where's your god now? - Sincerely, God.
All this dust. We miss water.
I just want to feel whole
Hearing your ancestors scream = BAD choice!
Cop said "anytime you need us"
Since then, he never became happy.
And he drank too much caffeine.
Climate forced me to learn swimming
Killbot activated. Target: everyone. Commencing. Completed.
Learning not to unravel while waiting
One chance. Kill Hitler. Gun jammed?!
Missing hearing, "Hi Hungry, I'm Dad"
Maybe when the hospital accepts coupons
In your mind, it is nothing
Maybe you'll understand the pain, doctor.
Pee pee poo poo doo doo.
My box of formerly blank notebooks...
-stop posting so many requests guys-
Carpet grass! That's why you're here!
Millions hang by their boot straps.
He's alive? Didn't lick MY pussy.
Confirmed. Sergeant, its been an honor.
Time turned his marrying into burying
She smiled. Here is my chance.
Doesn't look into my eyes anymore.
Doesn't look in my eyes anymore.
Bedroom not used since nine eleven.
Refilled the Nutella jar with mud.
"Don't worry, you'll be dead, eventually."
"Babe, love you so much." "Ditto."
Trump's Eyesight: 20/20, Trump's Vision: 2020
Leave it alone, it will grow.
He laughed at his own ignorance.
They're future corpses, ripe for picking.
World's greatest photographer: blind, handless man.
Born on Thursday, died on Friday.
He hot-glued her face onto mine
Two assholes. One throne. No mercy.
Scheming how to make it real.
Don't scream. I said don't scream!
ZERO of you stories never disappeared!
Wait, there's poison in this Kool-auuuhghghhh....
America needs Sumo. Train fat racists.
The Body Politic can fuck off.
Plus, who would believe me anyway?
Your gardener attacked my penis, Senator.
Isolation was really getting to him.
Boring class. Wet dream. Sleep talker.
How many more times before quitting?
Suicide note said: redditors killed me.
Tanline on his ring finger. I profited.
Cigarettes stain lungs, love stains hearts.
Tired, ready for it to end.
Every night dinner tastes like resentment.
.Punctuation has never been my friend
I've been strong for too long
Those 'I's that look like '1's.
Happiness is just a kind madness.
Not paying that debt, bad bet.
The snivelling coward described himself dishonestly.
He came, he conquered, he died
I think Im faster than it.
"Sorry", said Forest, the vegan lumberjack.
You better run... I remember EVERYTHING.
Water droplets join forces to flood.
Rest peacefully. Your killer is dead.
In the coming battle, nobody wins.
Parental responsibility is slowly killing me.
This person became your new religion.
Two assholes. One toilet. No mercy.
Three men teleported. Four men arrived.
Wait, the doll wasn't there before..
Everyone mute yourselves, said their teacher.
Ultimately, we caused our own demise
Sometimes, a wrong left is alright.
Bicycle production leading cause greenhouse gases.
Wolf puffed. Gave Red pork sandwiches.
Comparison is the thief of joy.
*You* work Labor Day, management doesn't.
No we can't just eat her!
Sept. 5: Air nearly breathable today
Oppenheimer, we shouldn't have made it.
"Oppenheimer, Start The Project." "...Yes Sir."
Like a therapist without the dignity.
Months later: File missing. Restart claim.
Trail of bodies behind broken man.
Steve Irwin's death still stings Raymundo.
Colostomy bags fought for their freedom
Pull it together! This is exceptionalism.
A gun, then a red puddle
Raymundo spent prom night checking dumpsters.
I got it! _SMACK_ I missed....
We were human, that was all.
In the darkness, he found comfort.
Burned a blunt with Sigmund Freud.
I am he who has risen.
Going back again. Hitler was preferable.
Each side's final shell found victims.
So, that's really how I died?
Now we need a podcast aggregator.
WHY?!? Got bored. We were safe!!
Heather! I said I GLOVE YOU!
Catch yall on the Memorial side.
Oh, AFTER they've killed Heather? Sure.
Hear the whisky. Drink the siren.,
Mommy strips. I watch. She repaints.
Forgot to *67, phone rings nonstop
Innocent? ...The algorithm proved her guilt!
Politician caught in a hair salon
Prayers unanswered; however, Doc did something.
Six seconds, that's all it took.
Consolidating is my reality check.
Arm wrestled an armadillo in army.
Doomsday devices deemed protected constitutional right.
Mother, why don't you remember me?
Had to bury my wife again.
Good boy! Drop the arm now.
Yeah I always shower after dinner!
Hi, is there a cannon here?
Gordon Ramsay. Ricky Gervais. Arguing... imagine.
Why are you on the ceiling?
Trust broken, despite my best efforts.
Shut your mouth, knowledge is power.
They didnt make it. Stayed friends.
Dracula turned his enemies, then impaled them.
My wife's undead, you magnificent bastard.
R3alD0llTa1nt was more family than Heather.
What youll find, youre not ready
A stitch in time..? So Einstein.
Well, defenestration seemed like an option.
The footprints stopped by her window.
Dont sugarcoat. Lies all the same.
I think Ive accidentally teleported again.
The future is now behind us
It was silent, but also deadly.
The glass fell; there was silence.
I was ten. The abuse began.
Panic. Unanswered prayers. The asteroid approaches.
What kind of snow? asked Nanook.
Are protesters rioters cover story?
Is law enforcement above the law?
Our entangled hands felt like safety.
I'm good at lying to myself
Every election is a staged event.
The dud? I dont want him.
A dollar is what I need.
I slather my toast with feces.
You killed him. Yet, turn around.
I didnt ask, yet she answered.
Oh hey, my outside clothes fit.
EDIT: I didn't actually post anything.
Hes gone- still love her smile.
Ok but Epstein didnt kill himself
The train couldn't stop in time.
My wife whispered, thoughts and prayers.
Raymundo's scatetizers ended the dinner party.
And all of a sudden, silence
Can't believe she fell for that!
Tried, just couldn't get into Disassociation.
LOL! WTF?
Reason died in an echo chamber
"I have no pride", said Simba.
She tastes fine, I want more.
Slept. Forgot to lock the door.
Loving is losing. Yourself in another.
"...Love you mom." I told grandma.
She noticed, told her wasnt me.
I like dogs. I eat them.
We are the problem and solution.
The conscientious objectors got shot too.
Live life by experiences, not slogans.
Raymundo believes that no lives matter.
Pride only hurts, it never helps.
Went without mask. Cant taste anything.
I don't wanna see a thing.
Seriously, wake me when September ends.
Assassinated: the president and her wife.
Spectacles, testicles, wallet and watch, Lord.
Too much screaming in my basement.
"What's wrong?" "Sir, it's... It's aware."
Shot three men. Vault was empty.
Home isnt home without my family.
Humanitys had its last moon landing
Getting older. Underwear becomes a necessity.
Learnt ethical hacking; abused the knowledge
Messiah beaten at Guantanamo. Christians rejoice.
I never thought that you'd leave
Is this all there really is?
For Sale. Paradise Tickets. Flight Tonight.
Finally, theyre home: as folded flags.
"Um, what the hell happened here?"
I TOLD you I wasnt faking.
Does this count as karma whoring?
I did not see this coming.
Garrys my name accordions my game
"We are not losing that ship!"
Dad chopped our piano for firewood.
Six five three what oh. Dammit.
...3...2...1.. Liftoff!... OH SHIT
NEVER imagine fat people fleeing, Heather.
Fulfilled destiny, Died Young, Nuff Said
Power levels over 9000. What, 9000!?
Bald, bespectacled, boozy, post "prime" person.
You're over 2000 years too early.
She has always been behind you
My phantom leg wont stop itching
Win car, oh wait, just dream :(
The scars tell a different story.
"Why everyone's wearing mask?", beggar asked.
A roar by the aurora crash
Some like their nooses lacking slack.
your dick smells almost ROTTEN bro
God, make me love women less.
Lupe's nine spleen salad wasn't served.
Lupe sewed her own clothes, wounds.
Lupe's sewed her own clothes, wounds.
Raymundo counts steps on his neck.
Lupe's gynecologist quits, plucks out eyes.
Raymundo snitches for the free stitches.
Raymundo's labioplasty machine stored with ark.
Soiled scenarios undertaken at low cost.
Lupe requests pap smear on bagel.
Raymundo hates everything except for hatred.
Broom swept of the horror adjacent.
Exhaust. Han said, Heat-seeking missiles.
It is too late to evacuate.
"Active now" "Hey, what's up?" "Offline"
You must have six words here
You wont find me. Not again.
Too happy, suicidal on the inside
Clergyman kills child, threatens leader. Bxf2+
First day of school. Oh shit.
Fiscal Twenty Twenty-Two Was Nineteen Fifty.
I'm technically automobile (urine = 6% grease)
Quick, while the heart is fresh
I know what people taste like.
You eat mushrooms. You become MAGA.
If I hears Dingdong songs, I dances.
They say it, so I do.
Six word rule in comments - petition
This is our war, not yours.
Reality called me, I didnt answer
Every channel played the same news.
Who is this planet insignificant to?
Cops came, I answered questions succinctly.
Skeletons will never see me tomorrow.
Cops came, I answered questions promptly.
The tuxedoed man blushed. "Lemon juice."
Raymundo enjoys exposing himself to himself.
Physicist dead from fall. Had potential.
I sat down, he stood up
Text are letters songs are Sounds
The silent suffer the horror adjacent.
This subreddit is missing a "S".
Edgy will never make something funny
Note to self: Shoot their thorax
Want a break from the ads
Wanna break from the ads
The next one is coming faster.
It really sucked! I hated it!
Raymundo felt the storm urge rising.
Starring Margot Martindale and Stephen Root!
Where should i bury them both?
Why did you eat my fries?
Thanks for the gold, kind stranger.
"My name is Joe." "Who's Joe?"
And nothing's gonna hurt you baby...
Your humanity is not enough, Jim
Raymundo's parents petitioned for his emancipation.
Humanity: humane action, language, and thought.
I climbed up the bottomless pit
Imagine if Kentucky hadn't turned blue.
What if I just appeared there?
I've considered why she hates me.
Insurance didnt cover the Americans injury.
Argh you ready kids? No response.
Lupe arrested for switching skin tags.
Raymundo celebrates birthday, mourns his foreskin.
Raymundo removed his snips and snails.
I thought it would get better.
Too many posts from this subreddit
When even your shadow leaves you.
It's 2200, dude. Amish use wifi.
It's my fault they're all dead
This is a six word story.
Three calls, no answers, last tear.
The rules have changed not me
You have six words, correct sir?
Raymundo uses only ethically sourced adrenochrome.
Raymundo's uses only ethically sourced adrenochrome.
Raymundo stopped smoking, thanked fire department.
[meta] PSA: Its six word stories not stories told six words at a time.
Raymundo dragged from confession, priest inconsolable.
Wrestled God, then bottle, now I.
Your murder attempt failed. My turn.
I keep living as the dead.
Dear September, please don't be insane.
Raymundo's Frottage Cottage destroyed by mob.
Affection. Erection. No protection. Found life.
My brother failed to kill me
You said youd visit. I waited.
Raymundo's treasure is another man's trash.
Raymundo nunchucked a woodchuck named Charles.
Chaos: the highest form of order.
Small medium at large infinitely negative.
Mods voted to limit excessive posting
Raymundo can sometimes smell the dead.
Cutting her brakes did the trick.
Raymundo's savage cock lost the fight.
Raymundo banned from IHOP for "waffling".
No actually those are my coins
Former prosecutor prefers IMDB to law.
The glass slipper no longer fits
That machine gave you my coins.
Turducken? Turducken.
Covid time,pregnant times,unprotected times
Covid time, pregnancy time, unprotected ti
Raymundo made bread with yeast infection.
Lupe posts communion reviews on Yelp.
Lupe cured scoliosis with funhouse mirror.
Raymundo acquitted of intra-uterine fratricide.
Domestic violence was my dad's fingerprints
Raymundo's kitten nipple collection was confiscated.
*abducted by aliens* One whispers, probe
Lupe craved the smell of pus.
Raymundo fortuitously forgot his fifth flagellation.
His pantheist beliefs were cast iron.
Raymundo's attempt to rape himself failed.
This horse has, like, fifty eyes.
Wildfires burn mercilessly; Australia reciprocates California.
You give and give. Please stop.
Was Facebook like our cave wall?
Its almost dark, come inside dear.
Reality killed the instagram star
No! Dont have sex like that!
Milk after water. The British Cuppa.
Raymundo's professional masturbation career ended prematurely.
Dislike the Trump regime? Blame Putin.
All the horses had no eyes
The moon is even closer tonight
Bye Bye Don. By dawn, Biden.
Life: much more meaningful, without sex.
Git the dawgs, Pa. It's loose.
Seeking salvation, I pour another drink.
Raymundo imprisoned for crimes against asparagus.
Headline: Found Mars fossil is human!
Why don't you come with me...
Nice kid, but something was off.
Mother, I made a mistake.
Raymundo's taste includes carrot and stick.
Another police officer goes to prison
Wikipedia: "The Great Barrier Reef was..."
Raymundo relished radishes in his rectum.
Raymundo stored radishes in his rectum.
Raymundo wanted to marry a rutabaga.
James, Im begging you. Dont jump!
There it is boys, The Ovum!
Where there's trees, there's bird shit.
Don't worry, its not on fire.
A light in the Train tunnel?
Why couldn't you have just stayed
Kids today with their seven words.
Ayo pee pee poo poo check
Raaaaaa ahh oh no its godzilla
Look ma! No hands! *crash* *crack*
One day I'll feel home again.
have i crossed her mind today
Its a plant, not a drug.
I wonder what the trigger does.
Hole causes bleeding; bleeding fills hole.
Let's eat breakfast like this: LOBSTEREMPATHY
Good? Luck? On your lottery....... noooo
My favorite part of isolation? Isolation.
HELP! My Mom's ghost is white
It - isnt  your  kid, sorry bye.
She screamed BE QUIET! very loudly.
End compliance via "military force" application.
Pop! Sounds were in stereo again.
Love, like pain, comes in waves.
Oh... Was that the wrong button?
Ever been heartbroken? Neither had I.
Midlife. Midnight flight, mid-flight fight. Crisis.
Will you actually stop this time?
Tomorrow, I invented a time machine.
Does that dog have a gun?
We don't know we're having adventures.
Autistic people, like me, have rights.
Tupac's selling Biggie shirts in Cuba.
Stingray claims self defense against conservationist.
Raymundo often slept with boiled vegetables.
I am sane (more or less).
The anonymous Father's Day cards ceased.
You shouldn't have left without me
Love story. 1 man 1 bong.
Both dice and opponent are loaded
Waiting for approval from onlyfans. Getmoney.
Earthquake sparks fire tornado, with sharks.
My friends think I smell bad
Left therapist's office with no appointment.
Has a problem! My time machine
Bring back your beard please, thanks.
My true love loves her husband
Give me your hugs and kisses.
"Mornings are tough." "And evenings?" "Same."
I dreamed of you last night
Lupe hated cleaning the mayonnaise chamber.
Windows pass. I'VE MADE A MISTAKE--
Could alcohol induced vomit be harvested and processed into a tasty and refreshing beverage?
Raymundo messily licked every single cupcake.
The days end. Free the girls!
You will fear what you found.
But it looked just like her..
All necklacing to be Goodyear only.
Hellmann's secretly promoted "The Mayonnaise Diet".
Can I come with you? No.
"Stop resisting!" he said, chokehold engaged.
She changed your diapers. Now reciprocate.
Memorized his username and browser history.
I kill and fuck. Zero enemies.
...that's not what it looks like...
She was 18 in dog years
Semen diet didn't work for me.
"I don't care if she's pregnant!"
Are you winning son? Yes dad.
"Yo bro!" "Yo" "So?!?" "No..." "Oh"
Still, they're my friend. Bloody amazing.
Nowadays, calling's like showing up uninvited
Went for milk, never came home.
Ill never forget what she said.
-leave a message! Miss Dads voice.
Six feet apart. Six feet below.
Called Mom yesterday. Doesnt remember me.
He knew his time had come.
Restitution; the dead raised me first.
Sorry I couldnt help. Miss you.
We hold hands: the Sun dims.
I have had enough! I've had...
To mix drinks and change lives.
Three word stories hold my attention.
She plants sunflowers with her lips.
My life has gone to shit
I'm pregnant. Daddy you should've stopped...
I'm pregnant. Daddy you should've stopped...
I am dead, nah you're fine
Oh, I know karate. Hiyah! Ow...
For no reason, you upvoted this.
And then she never looked back.
Defeated by unknown desire for enslavement.
Serenity real darn soon now right?
River crossing. Only thirty humans left.
5:57? Better get some sleep. 6:20
Lookout, three holes! Well... Well... Well
The end is only the beginning.
Cool gorilla. Fallen kid. Dead gorilla.
Meh, this sub has no rules.
Remorseful virus pens open letter apology.
Sho me sum of dat chin.
From wood in box to wooden box.
you can't run while looking up
Hi hungry, I'm mom's boyfriend.
Your mother. Is. A. Mother. Woman.
Missouri's Arkansas. Arkansas' Louisiana. Louisiana's ocean.
I don't even care anymore
Our local lemonade river spontaneously overflowed.
HIS PREVIOUS REMARKS WERE CONSIDERED?????  No.
WHIPLASH: Keep time or we're lost.
Canada? Too cold. Mexico? Too hot.
Lack of interest sank his sub.
With all the boyfriends you've got...
Holy sweet jack jerk back Jesus.
but no one heard my scream
Eat, pray, love, shit, curse, hate.
wrath of Flint, Michigan's mutant children
Shadows block life-giving and cancerous light.
Wings earned, but damned as payment.
Deer's familiar voice called my name.
Time travelers wanted. Inquire within, yesterday.
Reddit. Did it. In Jail. Shit.
One cheese grater is not enough.
Love books, cant find reading glasses.
Pay ransom? My sons right here.
Hes totally not spying on him
No one will hear you scream
Have you been spying on me?....
i am not a rule breaker
End of sidewalk, but road continues.
Fuck you you fucked, fucking, fucker!
It won't be soon before long.
We will, we will, rock you!
Breach that door, water tamped C4.
its not my fault im exhausted
I am a rule breaker
Anorexia, my reflection is your lie
What is he building in there?
Bought weed at the corner store
Crazy - A derogatory term meaning exceptional.
Graveyard kisses from mom; she dissipates.
Made my wife buy me laxative.
Its dripping down my leg, help!
Knock knock. Whos there? Tsunami. WHOOOOOSH
The cost of solitude is loneliness
his search on pornhub reads: oatmeal
I am not my Gin score.
Raw chicken won't make me instantly
The rudest, overly sensitive apocalypse around.
I fell down the stairs, Fuck.
Is anyone even flying this thing?
Dish and bowl untouched since yesterday.
Sheriff, sailor, fish nerd hunt shark.
Adventurous professor finds ark, files it.
Hotel owner mimics mom, murders women.
Too social? Try Introverting Online Learning.
Dealt it, smelt it; blamed other.
2020: man plans and God laughs.
They trudged toward the abyss, valiantly.
She was such a happy girl.
Nonsense! I never gave fellatio! Never.
Death is the only life left.
Dirty deeds done cheap as dirt.
Old man, young woman, fatal coronary.
"Choose a death cult? Press 1."
SHIELD BATTERIES LOW, TRANSMITTING DISTRESS SIGNAL.
SHIELD BATTERIES LOW, TRANSMITTING DISTRESS SIGNAL.
She doesnt know, shes growing hearts
In this silence, I know loneliness.
I hope that was a lego.
We can speak each others language.
My ex called after a year
We become what we think about.
Phoenix Wright, your employment is terminated.
So tell me, how is life?
Jimmy Carter, Disco Loving Zombie Killer
Karma's a bitch, except in Reddit.
Youll never cure ignorance, Dr. Fauci.
STATUS REPORT: In love. Assassination postponed.
Fell "asleep" in a full tub.
Water ran out, drank own urine
His sippycup nearly got me killed.
"Make my eyes look less evil."
Hey. Guys. Guys, GUYS! You're dead.
Those farm animals practically raped themselves.
Her preferred lube, handful of shit.
Fresh vomit douche cured my infection.
You haven't breathed in 50 seconds.
Enterprise emergency: Out of holodeck sanitizer.
Clean Your Ass II: Final Wartening.
"After everything, I still forgive you."
The Mask movie is epic ngl
Upvote the post below me, RN!
Upvote the post above me, RN
Farnsworth feverishly fondled Frederica's foul fistula.
Your Heros a villain to someone.
I Pray I Dont Become Prey
7,000 followers but zero friends irl
Anal warts grow, form wart king.
In rehab for human shit addiction.
He masturbated furiously. Cock chafing. Raw.
Her reeking cum bucket frightened him.
Staked to the ground. Ants. Anus.
Soylent is made out of people!
But it actually was opposite day
Tomatoes are MY babies now, Heather.
Tomatoes are in fact my babies.
Thought it was a fart. Oops.
Shipping container abandoned. Repurposed as home.
"Blood... blood... blood... blood... blood... blood..."
Protective mask brings out your eyes.
Corn? When did I eat corn?
I should stop talking now, dear.
Talking Heads. Great band, shitty TV.
Dead living with constant money supply
Listen. Her breath tickles my ear.
you have the money? lets go.
Smiling intimidates those who wish destruction.
Dragon eye opens: Roll for initiative.
"Come here Timmy" - said the priest.
He pumped her quivering cum bucket.
Straw clogged drinking liquefied lemur lung.
Cute coronavirus plush kickstarter got funded
Fine fecal film fouled father's foreplay.
Fill my wound with man gravy!
Vice grip on gonads. Good times.
I'm too scared. Please forget me.
Died while doing something she loved.
Got rich; monopolized five word stories.
Nobody ever looks under the stairs.
"When" became "if" became "never again."
It was a boy, mortician said
Zombie raises, sues mortician for rape
Two dead people found alive, again
Graveyard grew faster than the city.
Friends and family dead; I survived.
Tortoise knew Civil and Vietnam veterans.
Moo! Bawk! Thwack. Steak and eggs.
She threatened decapitation. Used her razor
Anal warts terraform moon, Mars, Titan.
Anal warts terraform moon, mars.
We joked about fire sales once.
Dumbass eats from a feeding tube.
I thought it was a lightsaber...
Blind man sees light World discovered.
*Whimpering* Can I be a hero too?
Honey, why's Dracula wearing my bathrobe?
Straight to voicemail... I keep forgetting.
Well played, I come for you
You cross posted, now you die
Chances are, you lost little man
The seven word story sub is
A Fat Man ended the war.
So gentlemen, monkeys killed the President.
Oh no, only ten minutes left!
Lymphoma, aggressive. Recommendation: time well spent.
James Jr., d., toestung by toewasp
For sale: engagement ring, gently used.
Nothing cool about living like this.
Am I worthy of love?
"Doctor, is she okay?" "... I'm sorry."
I'm hungry; You're Starving. I'm profiting.
When I returned home, nobody noticed.
Time takes everything but the truth.
Sunshine and wind today; pumping oil.
I just wanted to feel something
Voting never solved anything... Hey... Stop!
Down you go. Don't fight it.
So, Giant Douche or Turd Sandwich?
autistic introvert thrashed aggressively; cops called
I'll be nice now, I promise!
I dont want your fucking karma.
Cake Day. Wife's in labor. AMA!
But You Had Your Chance Son
Anal warts develop super powerful mayonnaise.
Um, thats not cocaine...its ketamine
This time we survive. I promise.
You know your a poopy head
Underground cloning facility compromised, countermeasure activated
Friday the 13th, Elmo tickles back
Fuck! It's crawling up my urethra!
Alexa, play my playlist Anal Wart.
10pm: Anal warts demand UN representation.
Why? Because Jimmy Carter liked solar.
Individuals, be sealed inside the collective.
Socrates sucks stealthily on your scrotum.
My sister-in-law raped me ninety-two times.
8pm: Anal warts have achieved sentience.
You're up my entire butthole why
Classic Hits from the '50s-'20s
*laying between dead parents* You STINK
All my horses have no legs
A shitpost disguised as a story.
Waved goodbye for the last time
This story is fucked up.
Why do I have a halo?
Cannibals pot makes me feel hot.
And just like that, anal prolapse.
Cannibals pot made me feel hot.
Oh no... I dropped my bagel
She told me she didn't remember
Was a beautiful thing she said.
"It's your duty." "You said doody."
I have nothing to live to.
It was later than we thought.
Before, I never enjoyed bloods flavour.
Lets rape America! God said.
Can I just die now please
She sexted six simps sucking sax.
I forgive you. Now, please, die.
It's raining Firemen in Beirut. Ironic.
I don't think this is legal....
I'm not awake! NOT awake?!?!?? NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Abuse my pussy some other night.
Rats! Were rats! Were the rats!
I've seen nineteen crime scenes, Weinsteen.
Sorry, you're too young to live.
Technically your butt IS a condom...?
Vampires? Impossible! (Later): More bloodcicles, Vlad?
Carpet of skulls to horizon.
Finger food? Two big thumbs up.
My parents have the same oncologist.
My ex is her big sister.
What *kind* of snow? asked Nanook.
Searching sticky book in inmates cell
Look over there! Its a plane!!
Despite the murders, I love you.
Despite the murders I love you
My ice cream dripped - I scream.
I know... Still in love regardless.
Once upon a time... The End.
Don't judge. Don't react. Just pee.
The spat out tooth wasn't his
She moaned after we tickled her
I believed the world is benevolent.
You've changed my world, goodbye Dad
month old Baby shoes. FOR SALE.
OW, GOD DAMNIT! said the atheist.
Don't be ridiculous, oderiferous sidesaddle Jesus.
Theres something theyre not telling us.
Red....ice cream has no bones
Agnostic? Dyslexic? Is there a dog?
the dirt that would indict Hill...
Square peg. Round hole. Still fit.
Knowledge is power. Statues are powder.
Mortals birth. Mortals death. Immortal god?
You think that'll make you happy?
So What?! The World Needs You
This is my new favorite subreddit
The Dwarf received leg-bone inserts.
Begin to protest every single politician.
First, we spooned. Then, we forked.
Too scary for Halloween this year
Ambitious eyes, desperate attempts, fulfilling life.
Bro, don't go to school tomorrow
Shots fired. Bastards dead. Boyfriend Smirks. Source -&gt; https://generatorfun.com/6-word-story-generator
[End]less [un]sent letters, for unrequited love.
I'm the recovery story I hated
I missed you! Taking better aim...
Not even Marlboros are this stale.
P.O.I.,D.O.A
She remembered what happened. He didnt.
2AM. Occupied peephole. No WiFi.
Trump in two emoji:  
Worlds youngest woman, dead at 67
she's referring to you, shoe fits.
I miss when you missed me.
It's the cashier with pink pants
Ten days until results day...
Scratched, jackpot, peed on desk, regrets.
Scrappy Doo found dead in Miami
Damn, thats a lot of hookers.
Damn it! Not this again Frank!
Indebted to none, save for Putin.
No, it was not your baby.
Six shooter, one bullet; you game?
He craved her filthy stink box.
He pushed her away. Spent. Disgusted.
The condom broke... so am I.
I saw the moon and howled...
Covid 19, dead teachers cant teach.
I wanna go to the movies.
Companionship doesnt feel like enough anymore.
Shes alive somewhere! He said, lying.
Fortune teller's assessment; "you're too gullible"
I finally left. What a mistake.
helplessness we felt at desperate times
She peeled his adams apple slowly
Dad shopping with kids... Those yours?
"The transplant worked! But where's Caleb?"
Is it supposed to be purple?
None of us had 2020 vision
Your death is just the beginning
It was never meant to be.
The sun burned out yesterday, Clark.
Can we really do it here?
The girl in the mirror isnt me.
What happened to you over there
It watched you. Unseen. Unheard. Until . . .
I wish I could find home
Cancel culture killed the liberal revolution
Biographical movie aint right bout shit.
Longing for romance, she patiently waits.
The End is as we expected
Land of the free! And ignorant!
After fifty years, spring came again.
He was always trolling on Reddit.
This was the worst subreddit ever.
World : Happy NY 2020 - China : Oops...
HAPPY NEW YEAR 2020 China : Oops...
Whos in charge here? Good question.
Theres only before you; and after.
If I had only stayed home
How is this the best reality?
I swear she meant no harm!
Does it always make that noise?
No dad, Im not winning anymore.
"I though you were God!" "No."
The other timeline was even worse.
Should be "sixwordstories", it's just "sixwordphrases".
Eleven commandments are too much. -god
Still alive but in Hell anyway.
We're lying in bed. She's lying.
Crusty ejaculate found on ceiling fan.
Im not creative enough for this
I cant lose! (He was wrong...)
Headline: Covid-19 mutation unstoppable, rising casualties
Knock Knock. Dad?! Oh its just you...
Dad, Did you find the milk?
You are beautiful, from nose up.
Vaccinate your kids you fuckin Karen
Pants fell off; belt around neck.
"Magic isn't real," said the magician.
I liked that second opinion better.
Went to Mars, found a fossil
Six words?!? Five is enough
No dad, i am not winning.
Who Knew laden Swallows can fly?
Homeless. Sick. Broke. Found a gun.
My tears' red and won't stop
Life on Earth Comes from Mars
Six words?! That's not enough for
They enslaved us... Now we rise.
For sale, baby shoes. Never worn.
Dad stumbled inside. The kids hid.
In life, shit. In grave, piss.
Dirty man, dirty van, dirty plan.
Bag of precooked human toes misplaced.
Human McForeskins suffered supply chain issues.
Its Epstein, sir.. Hes still alive.
Fat French philatelist fails philosophy final.
Frosting seeks cake for suicide pact.
Feasting on entrails forgot her name.
Sorority girls sure murder up good.
Fisting For All political platform failure.
Sorority girls can sure murder up.
Every wound has a unique smell.
Chicken McScrotums come with szechuan sauce!
The Chicken McFetus did not sell.
Zoom was once a cool word
Learn felching for fun and profit!
Ten thousand feet no parachute thump.
Swollen breasts put bra to test.
I hate my sibling so much
Cool tool for writing 6 word stories - https://www.reddit.com/r/6words/
Trump! Amiright! ... I'm here all week!
"Right person, wrong time" she explained
"What you're gonna do if I leave?"
Kiss my ass and my anus.
Birthday card, never opened; funeral instead.
PS: You got the "bad ending".
The cyanide pill did not work.
Eat flame, toe sucking nazi accordionist!
Covid spreads, graveyards fed with dead.
The last man alive heard a
Its your body! You bury it!
All because, she saw the truth.
I lost diamonds in lava today
Tonight on Sick Sad World: Trump
Dancing in moonlight wearing human skin.
Poultry pecked partly perilously performing Pachanga
They think Im in a coma.
Cracked a cold one. Cold body.
Is he still breathing? *BANG* ...No
"i know John Wick!" "Show me."
Missing cat: chrome, fires blue lasers.
I took a screenshot this time...
"I died yesterday," she told him.
Do you know who you are?
We were almost killed last night!
"She didn't make it. I'm sorry."
You can't make someone love you.
Nobody knows what I went through.
Funny how a virus overpowers us.
Comparison is the root of unhappiness.
Biden my time until real change
Curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal.
I thought it was my toothbrush.
"Welcome home", said Satan. I smiled.
Life is always easy, I thought.
I am not a racist, but...
This story almost killed Queen Elizabeth.
Anomic Aphasia? Nah, you're bamboo pizza.
Hes still breathing? Lets try again.
I have trouble finishing things 
January, is where it all started
Too many facts. Not enough wisdom.
Big fat juicy gorilla grip coochie.
President lied, people died, families cried.
Sumbitch lied, people died, families cried.
As it turns out, she lied.
A hot dog is a sandwich.
You dig. I watch. We split.
All alone now, he sips whiskey.
Who blew Rushmores noses with TNT?
Laughing at tragedies makes you strong.
All alone now, he sips whiskey.
I have cheated the system_lol_xd_i_dont_know_if_this_is_allowed_ehhh
We'll be more than friends tonight.
i immediately called 911. i surrendered.
Doing taxes is well... very taxing
toilet water splashing on ya hoohaa
Pride swallowed, vulnerability exposed, hug received.
America - Piles of burning lottery tickets.
Minutes after lunch, Dimitri's mouth foamed.
Secretly Jonas Salk used alien DNA
Wind blows. Sails fill. Bye Mother-in-law.
I don't love you anymore, joke.
Front Lawn, Face up, Feet together.
Oil blazed. Sherifa held her sheep.
American Trans Woman kidnapped by police.
"This is unforgettable" said grandpa, again.
YES! OH YES!!! FUCK! oh... no...
Death approaches, realises mistake, leaves embarrassed.
A hollow bone, an empty vessel.
OMG Becky, look at her butt
Finally got vaccinated. Fuck you mom.
Is this situation finally over now?
I am the Universe Godforce King
I will pump filth inside you.
Your blood will moisturize my skin!
I ejaculate to human death rattles.
"Let's make the tower taller." "Andikuqondi."
Theres never a quiet evening here...
The mask hid my toothless mouth.
I thought it was a fart
The virus will just suddenly disappear.
I was 8 when it happened
This is a six word story
i think i should leave now
"TikTok Star"!? "IG Influencer"? Rejected. Next!
beautiful sunset, huh? better then Afghanistans.
Shutup! I have dicks to bag.
Accidentally hung up on HR, dammit.
"We'll meet at dinner", said Hannibal.
Looks like coffee for breakfast again
Forgot the date, sleeping on couch
Whats for dinner, Mom? more problems.
Died yesterday, then I got better.
Due to Covid-19, Christmas is cancelled.
"Keys, wallet, gun. Keys, wallet, gun."
Santa promised me an anal fistula.
Eat death turd smoking nazi scum!
I brush my teeth with smegma.
Human flesh tastes just like chicken!
Trumps a chump, change my mind.
President Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Mountain Dew Camacho
Using Covid to cancel shit plans.
Neurotically counting the amount of words
"This Kool-aid tastes yucky, Mommy."
My marriage has been a disaster.
The Impractical Jokers Make Shaolin Proud
Oh no! What have I done?
I aim to misbehave - Malcolm Reynolds
Auntie Em! A Twister! A Twister!
You! and your little dog too!
Thanos and Shrek had a baby
Hulk Smash. Puny god. Loki cries.
Hello Eve. My name is Adam.
Hello? Are you still there? Goodbye.
Springs on my feet? That's weird.
Orange and Blue Ovals? They're everywhere!
Companion cube, You're my only friend.
Was the cake, really a lie?
Every day, I am more alone.
Bored. Clicked. Clicked. Bored. Clicked. Bored.
The morbid joy in kicking corpses!
The informers infant daughter couldnt swim.
She clutched my finger. I farted.
She threw away her college application.
"I guess I'll vote for Kanye?"
Arresting pretentious pedestrians at Portland protests
I looked, it wasnt there.... anywhere
Man door hand hook car door
Meet me here. I'll be there.
My parents didn't have any children.
Pickpocketed mob boss's wife, hand amputated
Eightieth floor. I sighed and jumped.
I was starving! He was defenceless...
A black, chitinous appendage exits my mouth!
Life was easier, when i believed...
I miss who she once was
Open my eyes to horror, everyday.
There's no time to be scared
Mom caught me, but Im twenty.
SALE: Four shoes. Worn? Never, baby.
Ha! Left the gas on again.
Nah man, just leave me alone.
Thank you doctor. Sorry for losing.
You what? Ill bring a shovel.
Married sixth cousin six times removed.
She's in all of my dreams.
BREAKING!!! Stupid people finally feel accepted.
If only I'd answered the phone
Mom thirteen years older than me.
I really hope its not cancerous.
"I'll never forget you," I lied
I'll never forget you, I lied
Uh, actually, my OC is immortal.
She won't give my face back.
My first girlfriend became the moon
My girlfriend turned into the moon.
Your love eclipsed judgement, shadowed heart.
Your love eclipsed judgment, shadowed heart.
Into the darkness, I ran, crying.
Last night I hid a body...
I just saw a huge dragonfly
Underachieving. As usual.
Don't move, I'll get a towel.
He exhaled his sign of gratitude
My heart danced, but didnt sing.
Forever away is the last second
the moon wasnt full... but us.
Never had i seen butterfly cry.
Big f#cking shark, need bigger boat.
I actually am my worst enemy...
Beneath this gravestone, lies my happiness.
Sunset, a joint and Erykah Badu
Jesus, why is it so ugly!
Thoughts are overreacting over overreactive thoughts.
The chemo was supposed to work
I am hunger for the soup
Suck my dick (She said no)
I'm not afraid of some snip-
Woke up. Concrete getting closer. Splat.
Baby's first words: "I remember everything."
That mountain is vaguely pyramid shaped.
Drowning five children is no picnic.
I shot her then shot myself - by Joseph Goebbels
He had had to have of.
Why waste lot words; six enough
Davids ramrod stuck until Hulk comes.
Cows moo moo,cat meow meow
Anti-mask numbers down; facemasks in surplus.
The story was seven words but
Forgiveness was saved for rainy days
Last words: "my last words are..."
If only this was creative title...
That answered the meaning of Art
Over the top. Didn't get far.
Divorced Four Times, Need a Fifth.
Cops. Car Chase. Cuffs. Confinement. Calm...
Battle. Be Bad, But Be Better.
A.M. Awake. Almost Alive After All.
Dad Definetly Discovered: Devil Don't Die.
My sugar daddy died of diabetes.
She couldnt remember her face anymore.
I think I died last night
Fapping quietly to not wake mom.
We almost lived happily ever after.
Please find me. I cant see.
Transmission: "Find us. Your Sun's creators."
I should have stayed at home
ah yes, gravity
I shat in the microwave mom
Glorious tomorrows wept when yesterday called.
Mask please, mommy! My faces cold.
Crying quietly to not disturb anyone
I miss him... He tasted amazing
The Bottle Was His Best Friend
Saw The Police, She Wasn't 18
Mark, 42. 3 kids; lives alone.
They are us from the future.
Some want to burn the world.
Autopsy report: Implanted organism feasted, escaped.
All the red flags are flying.
Im Dutch. You just got colonized.
Medusa smiles and gets me hard.
God knows what you did, Father.
I brought you coffee -me flirting
Butterflies become bats when I speak
Drifting ship? Investigating... Crew dead. Swollen.
Cold shower interrupted by hot tears.
Trump. Trump Jr. Barron. Dream fulfilled.
Ttump. Trump Jr. Trump III. Delish.
I don't know why I bother
Seriously (not literally), fuck Donald Trump.
This sentence is six words total.
*Chchchchchch*... *Ahahahahahah*.... *Chchchchchch*...*Ahahahahahah* "STFU JASON!!!"
Im a ceiling fan. Love em.
A poor couple experienced a miscarriage.
Person, woman, man, TV, Camera....damnit
"Red wire, not green! Oh shi"
One person has changed the world.
Justin Case hated his parents, obviously.
Im surprised that this counts
Shoot me, Please! Before i turn.
The tide doesnt go out Fast...
Step out of the car! Now!
Please stop, Mama. I hurt everywhere.
Present is past, past is present
Had Eternal Life. Planned My Extinction.
Here, Every Little Phrase Means Everything
Every sixth word is a lie
Isnt it pretty to think so.
Lied for the first time again.
Nah, said T-Rex, that meteorll pass.
Ill confess today. Nvm shes lesbian
32W - donate. 38W- donate. 46W - keep.
Remember to like, share and surrender!
Despite everything, Im somehow still alive.
Losing virginity. Gaining knowledge. Practice needed.
First kiss: Awkward. Messy. Nervous. Perfect.
"The tumor's benign." "I'm so sorry."
Yesterday returned with vengeance; Tomorrow faltered.
Shit, zombies. *Click* Out of ammo.
Insomnia is a sleeping disappointment
Danny DeVito has a great publicist.
God, Phoenix put on your shirt!
Siri, please send help! Theyre here
Gift: Engagement ring. Turned finger green.
Bark at mailman. Get scolded. Repeat.
"That you darling?" "No" he said.
I didn't know loneliness until her.
No foreplay. Trim your nails first.
"Your reality, darling? No," she shuddered.
These edibles aren't hitting; oh shit.
My drunken madness turned into sadness.
Why did I outlive my kids?
You remember that movie jeepers creepers?
Half way there, not over yet
Mortician arrested after new holes appear.
Death is a part of life.
heely-crocs would be so fucking cool.
Freezer open, can't decide, red eyes
Freezer open, can't decide, red eyes
Freezer open, can't decide, red eyes
Freezer open, can't decide, red eyes
Freezer open, can't decide, red eyes
Freezer open, can't decide, red eyes
Freezer open, can't decide, red eyes
Freezer open, can't decide, red eyes
Freezer open, can't decide, red eyes
Freezer open, can't decide, red eyes
Freezer open, can't decide, red eyes
Freezer open, can't decide, red eyes
Freezer open, can't decide, red eyes
Freezer open, can't decide, red eyes
Freezer open, can't decide, red eyes
Freezer open, red eyes, can't decide
Freezer open, red eyes, can't decide
Nevermind then. Ill sleep another day
She said neurosis isn't an excuse
Dont drive backwards nobodies behind yet.
Dont drive backwards nobodies behind
Qanon was the greatest troll ever.
Taillights receded. Cold, confused. "MOM!?" ... ... ... "Why?"
Out of toilet paper, oh shit.
Shit! It was the red pill?
So cute, after adding the bullets
It was dark inside the wolf.
"Abandon all hope, ye who... something..."
College means nothing if Im dead...
The world was turned upside down.
My own comments make me cum.
Three... Two... One... Back in 1677!
I didnt know it was loaded
I'm saving today's shit for tomorrow.
I just took tomorrow's shit today.
Read more, write more, talk less.
My favorite lesson so far....you
Hmm? I dont remember eating corn
The suburbs were a civic mistake.
We didn't know she was allergic
It was not just a fart
I'm sorry mom, you are great.
Nature primed its canvas before Spring.
Life goes on. But he didnt.
Please dont say n word dude
On contrary my reflection is smiling.
How much longer until it's over?
Halo 3 is now on PC
I thought things would be better
brothel blow job beckons blown brains
Covid aint got shit on me!
Community Challenge #14: In the year 2023 AD...
No more rent free space here.
I was tasteless long before Covid.
Bring a vacuum that doesn't suck
The valiant knight was utterly defeated.
Bitten, evolving, full moon, forgive me
Show me the way back home.
Grab your mothers keys- were leaving.
Yes, she said, knowing she didnt.
Damn. How you survived this shit?
Taco Tuesday, but at what cost?
I came, I lost, I'm found.
Oh My God, They Killed Kenny!!
Why Are You Always So Disgusting?
we found purpose in each other
I Think Life Is Too Short.
In the darkness, a voice; comforting.
Reddit might break if Keanu dies.
They wont find us down here.
This house isnt haunted, for now.
Every 60 seconds, a minute passes...
3:33 AM : Saw few silhouettes move.
Ill never fall for that again!
I lost my penis in battle
They're over there by their lonesome.
I wish I had seven words.
Child found hiding in clothing rack.
I had no real choice - Adam
Please, stop screaming! You are dead!
"...and that's how plumbuses are made."
Three little words, "It's a boy."
Infant shoes for sale, never worn.
Ignorant corrupt cowards running the world
Something smells... Is that a corpse?
Sad fact: moths die by light...
Look mummy, daddy is kissing him.
"I missed you." He shot again.
Oh no, the demon is back.
Havent you broken me enough already?
For sale, cheap: Write Like Hemingway
SALE! Sail for sale, never sold
"Dispatch, false alarm. Caller just lonely."
You scare me more than death
Dont worry, Ill murder you last!
But what if I want more?
But, she was the one who cheated.
Tortured and Raped, now I'm crazy.
The alarm will go off soon.
We judge people, not knowing them.
Cant see! exclaims man changing lightbulb.
How Longs This Been Going On?
It was me all along Austin!
I do no harm. Never again.
Engagement ring for sale, never worn.
Laying on my bed and waiting
In the attic. Smell of smoke.
I hereby find the defendant, GUILTY!
She said she was 18, officer!
Blues friends convinced Yellow changed him.
Ghost dying for her to wake.
Footsteps. I stopped. There's still footsteps.
Protesters fought against the antidisestablishmentarianism sentiment.
Cup of noodles, do NOT microwave
There are, finally, no extraterrestrial lifeforms.
No, I Had My Fingers Crossed!
I thought he had free candy.
Fart: Silent, Smelly or loud, odorless ?
I remember the day I died.
Door. Waiting. But Never Came. Woof.
Since birth, I never could follow directions...
Leave him... lets get outta here!
The president retweeted @GPT_5 increasingly often.
The final light slowly winks out
They don't believe that I'm depressed.
Level 1 Completed! Transferring to Level 2 of 2020...
Jog home. Find door. Forget keys.
Rebellious citizens were shot on sight.
Entertainment place in doomed area, cursed.
do you think about me still?
How do you write these things?
what do you want from me?
Shit, Its got Fetal alcohol syndrome.
Ooops, Fetal alcohol syndrome...
Killing your bullies is very satisfying.
Stop Fantasizing, Kill Fear. Power of Now.
The haiku caused a diplomatic incident.
Friendly milk will countermand my trousers.
After All Ive Done For You
Master was cruel; Our savior, crueler.
Yo wassup dawg fuck off steven
Now naked protestors. March for pizza!
And after all that we walked.
I pictured myself eating her bones.
She rallied after dumping the psychopath.
...and the Antichrists name was Trump.
8th Grade detention reason my period
Through blurry eyes, he smiled. "Farewell."
Years later, the loneliness only grew
They come, they eat, they leave.
Ice cream $5. $10 for influencers.
Woke up. Depression. Sleep. Repeat.
Im lucky his penis shoots blanks!
Officer... technically she was of age
My Life as a Cum Sock
This story does not make sense.
She burned all of his things.
In the trash, her shit goes.
2020 is a boat that sank.
This is my six word story
"hey depressed, im dad!" replied dad
Suck. Pound. Swallow. -&gt; Sex word stories.
Trump ends 2020, nuking the planet.
Dont forget to return to me.
I found a lost dog today
The pandemics secret was time travel.
Im holding it for a friend.
Hey man, got the homework answers?
Check for feet at the door
My quarantine hobby is posting nudes
...heres whats known as a cliffhanger.
I'm not very good at following directions
The children in the basement revolted
In and out of hot water.
She screamed. He cried, Thank god.
"Hey, who shit in my pants?"
Wanted: rectal ointment specialist. Apply within.
Mudville Blotter: Casey, drunk and disorderly.
"Hey...guys? The exit doesn't...work."
I woke up, then fell asleep.
One man killed the other. Sad.
Last survivor on earth. *knock* *knock*
Reader reads first comment to understand
What do you mean basement children
Reader unsure whether posts are connected
Thats not my rotten smelly penis?
Only capable of six word thoughts
Help! This is not a meta!
"They used to read the stories."
Oh, what the fuck is this.
Masks manufactured by dying Uighur slaves.
She only got to the sixth
me gaming me hungry me eat
Where did all the forks go?
"That's odd." "What?" "They're reading backwards."
They got to the electrical grid.
Two kids found in mother's freezer.
Looking right cos you left me
I had to shit very hard.
400k cash. Uninvested. Make it 1m.
Incompetency: In this presentation I will
Trump said, "I'm just getting started!"
Nothings better than the something.
Indifferent god; worse than no god.
There I was, with her husband....
Were no strangers to love you
Hillary Clinton bought chickens from wayfair
pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia floccinaucinihilipilification antidisestablishmentarianism honorificabilitudinitatibus
Pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia floccinaucinihilipilification antidisestablishmentarianism honorificabilitudinitatibus thyroparathyroidectomized
My body isnt yours to give.
Theyre wavingwave back? Wrong person.
My scars do not define me
Company is okay, solitude is bliss.
Went to a party, anxiety attack
Its raining men. Local mine exploded.
what are you doing step bro!
Tomorrow is another day . . . isn't it?
"I'll miss you when you're awake..."
Pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism Thyroparathyroidectomized The Floccinaucinihilipilification Of Antidisestablishmentarianism
I prefer your sons erect penis
Actually we are only STEP siblings
Cats Not Kids I Always Say
We are only in July. FUCK!
Confucius Say: Girls Not Like You
Irritated, Upset, Angry, Rage, Keyboard, Smashed
What are you doing Step Bro?
I dont like you very much
One Word Short For A Real
That Is Enough Out Of You
Confucius Say: Nobody Ever Like You
I accidentally saved a guys life
No one broke out... until him.
I sunk as my pupils shrunk
Can't remember the story from earlier.
Cats Not Kids I Always Say
Are hot dogs made from dogs?
Cats Not Kids I Always Say
I shit and I farted. End
Friend got the job, not me.
Jeffrey Epstein Was A Real Asshole
You Put Your Weed In It
Freezing cold train containing humanity's future
It was just a bad dream
Once Upon A Time, The End.
I cant again, youre my sister
Slide Into Decadence Or Healing Regression?
Look At All The Lonely People
Lowered Expectations, Thats What You Are
Guess What Honey! Im A Fag!
I Knew You Were A Fag
God created earth in six days.
I will start my diet tomorrow.
Why isn't She back home yet?
Weve been married in the future
"We'll be together forever" She lied
Breaks fully engaged on falling airplane.
Winning. Determined. Losing. Discouraged. Recapitulate.
Laugh. Sing. Day lighter. Share.
Needle. Nerves. Pace. Gasp. Die.
Who let you down? My expectations.
Always keep a souvenir he said
Contractions Count as two words. Recapitulate.
I got molested by my uncle.
Isolation made my arms noticeably uneven.
Suicidal school shooter takes off mask.
Arrest the officers who killed _______.
My penis is burning...bring water
Krusty Krab? No this is Patrick!
...they let them type another world
beginning, middle, middle, middle, middle, goose
Don't wanna be raped? Then consent.
Coronavirus? Well handle it. -the government
Sharknado but sharks eats tornadoes instead
Did the Internet go down again?!
Civilization's end: autonomous, self-optimizing factories.
Bowl, cereal, milk, microwave. Wait no...
A Welshman spends 600 On Loot-boxes
Tinder match. Made plans. Never showed 
I didn't think the ritual worked.
Facebook Is A Scourge On Humanity
A quiet gated community seemed safer.
Its All In A Days Work
Oh, we eat them raw sometimes.
Well, Its Easy Come, Easy Go
Two hearts beat as one, once.
I thought YOU had the baby!
I began to like the screaming.
Incest is better than a girlfriend
First date tonight. He brought flowers.
They never heard we remove ears.
Hearing her voice, calming my storm.
Turning red. Turning right. Turning America.
We shouldn't always satisfy our urges.
I Love You, I Hate You
Privatized islands. Increased rent. Spiked entrances.
Pulls out a comically large spoon
Do These Make Me Look Fat?
in the dark i cannot see
Where Did I Put My Viagra?
Barth is a revoltingly stupid author.
Dont Touch Me! OK, Touch Me
He only pumped and dumped me.
Entrance to die for heavenly food.
Then I realized I live alone.
Staring at the wall...oh shit
Well Thats Your Interpretation Isnt It?
r/gonewild
I will never be good enough
You live better than others, Therapist.
What are you doing step bro
You cant tell anyone...promise?
not everything that bleeds was alive.
I thought you said- Never mind...
the day you left, it rained
Posting pics of tacos creating life.
I shidded and farded and camed
Killers DNA Found At Crime Scene
Here Today, Gone Tomorrow. Good Riddance.
I Hear Life Is A Killer
Thats What You Said I Said
"Born a twin,graduated only child".
I Thought You Said Youd Quit
I blinked, graveyard isn't funny anymore.
The Corona Virus Is A Psyop
and just like that, youre gone
I just wanted to see it..
Shroud Of Turin Is Jacque Molay
Coffee And Codeine, Breakfast Of Champions
I thought I farted, but nope.
The Moon Landings Were A Hoax
So, Is That A Definite No?
Goodbye. Ill see you around... ...goodbye.
Baby. Microwave. Confusion. Dinner still frozen.
Can not stop reading this subreddit
I Promise Ill Quit Next Week
Im Only A Little Bit Pregnant
Famous Last Words I quit drinking
Down you go, none need know...
Famous Last Words Its not loaded
The missing persons detective was demoted.
cum on shirt don't kill yourself
So there you are, Mrs. Bates!
I truly enjoy licking an asshole.
"Pregnant, Jane? But I can't... Oh."
Ill tell them I fell again
I tryed the best I could
Fucked your mom, in her ass
Pretend you did not see that.
Youre much bigger than your father.
Four kids. Only caring for three.
Next exhibit: "Humans." Primitive, non-spacefaring, naive.
This is my sec- ... eldest son.
Sadly, Ive fallen out of love
Fuck it! Well do it live!!
And then we found the body
Christ came to save the dead
After decades, your name escaped me.
Trump wins third term in office
this is how to cheat the_system
we found solace in a bathtub
Once upon a time, I died.
Im going to die today, peace
8 Job Opportunities at The Lagos State Government Health Service Commission Click the below link to check those series position https://dcs.com.ng/2020/07/19/8-job-opportunities-at-the-lagos-state-government-health-service-commission/ About Lagos State Government Lagos State came into existence o
Disfigured Duck Was Swan All Along...
I fell down, then got up.
Mothers dead? He said. Not again ...
this is not the way home
Im gonna cum to those beans.
I cant stop watching public freakouts
Breaking news. Body found, search over.
He's having trouble hitting the vein.
Whats he doing under the bed?
Eleven words short of a haiku.
Just wear a mask, saves lives.
Married for seven, now shes leaving.
that moment when you are cake.
That's my boat, The Unsinkable II.
And then she closed her eyes
Roommate: "We need a new toothbrush."
So what do you truly desire?
Six words is not enough. Memories.
Guess Ill give it a try.
Unexpectedly, I jettisoned the cargo... flush!
the opposite of what you want
You smell better when youre asleep!!!
Hey step bro help I'm stuck.
Always too busy, now too late.
I have a very big penis
Jesus died. We all open presents.
Howling wind brings peace and sleep
Its in the closet, dont scream.
Trump's uncle stole Nikola Tesla secrets.
The warped vinyl unveiled a message...
Fuck. ~ My last words
I have no life, the end
If only they could hear me!
Cakeday is one word I swear
Outer storms meet inner rage, equilibrium.
She laughed and hummingbirds were still
They said it was an hoax
I can do it in five
Stay there, or I'll miss you.
It is a lazy sunday afternoon...
 :     -19   
Be the father I could not.
Im a pyromaniac prisoner in Rimworld
BrokenHearted, Came to shit, Only farted.
Came to shit, but only farted.
I just shit myself help me
Stories worth telling, aint a story.
You weren't supposed to be awake
Wait... we had an essay due...?
I just messed up big time.
Then they landed, took our skin
I ate a good bagel today
I met the real Foxey lady.
Please look at me that way.
Nothings in vain. Especially not pain.
I was going to work...allegedly.
I hate you, whats your name
Ah stop, don't lick the kneecaps
The child said "no more masks!"
Behold, traveler. Vines cover Manhattan, now.
Meditation's impact cannot be stressed enough.
I looked back to see nothing.
Hope would be a homesick bullet.
How will Mom know I died?
No more levels, thanks for playing.
Blue star down. Gold star up.
If only they could hear me.
Be positive. Just not in 2020.
For sale: baby shoes. Never worn.
1 year clean, multi business owner.
But if I dont, who will?
You fuck way better than dad.
Moment after up just before down.
My heart, a wildfire: unchecked, ignored.
Are you sure you locked it?
"Mile high club. JHP. Weapons free!"
Post cancer PTSD reveals the abuse
Puree. Juice. Cola. Beer. Liquor. Puree.
The bat soup smelled kinda funky
The bat soup looked kinda funky
Jeffrey Epstein did not kill himself
I had lived there before you.
Run home young Timmy, help mom!
Without death, life has no value
Someone swapped my shampoo with veet!
For Sale: Baby shoes, never worn.
Seriously, what are you going Step-Bro?
As long as she is happy.
Identity theft isn't a joke, Jim.
He lived underneath the kitchen sink.
Yuh-huh! She said. Dada Hates you.
His teeth matched the dental record.
"We've resorted to eating our horses."
The president retweeted @GPT_5 increasingly often.
Each step, one meter, 6k left
I farted, or so I thought...
My best friend. I'm not his.
Life from death, the circle continues
The Splintering filled galaxies with personalities.
Who is real, who's the clone...?
Journey over; they never found meaning.
My girlfriends dad touched my knee
But youre missing a word?! End.
Thought my glock was my hairdryer
Life continued after the chip fell
Tongue punched her fart box oceanside.
imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine
Master mister. Coming twister. Does exist!!! (er ;})
At least Im not pregnant anymore...
I substitute false memories for dreams.
Often depressed, always smiling, no-one noticed.
It's not you. It's-a me, Mario!
You niggas on some gay shit
Taxi home, no money, camera starts
"Who's this?" "It's me! New phone?"
When the execution started, I cry-laughed
Close the hatch, before it enters.
How can you shit my pants?
Ashes to ashes, funk to funky
We were too alike for romance.
Theres a snake in my boot
4 years, one goal, wrong side.
Won gift card; at what cost?
Maybe it was a lie, until..
I waited, but death never came
Unknown threat, food shortage, soldiers wanted,
We watched the last human die.
She wept. They comforted. Secret smile.
They didn't even notice the coup.
In debt, we unite to serve.
Hey politicians, stop lying to us.
Drinking filtered water from sewage plant.
Questioning the period! historian Mark exclaimed.
Too late, we discovered madness catching.
They investigated but we remain united.
Cats are great, have nine lives.
"...For nineteen days, we were rich."
He couldnt fly after he leapt.
Hopefully our children will do better
When life stops, death also stops.
Cost to cross River Styx skyrockets.
Fell asleep on the toilet again.
Not inked paper, but tattooed skin.
Jacky sought abusive relationships. Her normal.
Head went flying on that one!
How is it not 'horse divorce'!?
Found an angel. Clipped her wings.
Surgeon? Thats useful. Kill the rest!
Executed an executive order ending execution.
Ill be hated, but youll survive.
The Crocs could never be removed.
... sentence. You can't stop reading this...
Less than half returned to work.
Dad bought a pricey coffin - A Lamborghini.
Gravity unmasked, will face murder charges.
English Teacher was sentenced to death.
I thought I locked the door.
I thought Quija boards were bullshit.
A bridge that holds back time
A bridge that holds back time.
I matched my mom on tinder.
Pink onesie. Gassy smile. Forever enchanted.
Accidentally texted my mom: Wanna fuck?
"are you ok?" "Yes" he lied
One drink of water too few.
Around here, your type ain't welcome.
"Dumpster, Mom?" She agreed, old pee.
Sphincter loosens. Bowels move. Anus closes.
Schools open. Increase small coffin production.
Have I locked the front door.
Work knowing that you are replaceable.
"Bring the rain." "Copy, AC-130 inbound."
Seduced at night, robbed by morning.
She promotes her onlyfans... I knew!!!
Going back to where it began...
It'd be nice to feel safe
Oh my fucking god. Youre retarded!
We won't forget those we ate.
He mused if he could self-pardon
Born to run, heaven can wait.
Journalist shoots armed cop shooting up.
I told you he wasn't yours!
Im tired. So very, very tired.
Last immune human dies; colonists land.
Pants fall off but head hangs.
"Why'd you do that to me?"
Three words less - Footprints on stone
Did a shit. Smelled a bit.
Heart attack! False alarm. Its indigestion.
I choked her. She passed away.
Thi- tell them I loved them.......
He stared at the empty seats.
Unrest brought me to the top.
I know the good life. Instagram.
"A joke?" *Laughing* "You wouldn't get it."
"I'm sorry" as he let go
New homes include standard decontamination chambers.
Help me, cut myself too deep
They wanted their freedom sans responsibility
[EMERGENCY ALERT]: ICBMs Headed Towards [REDACTED]
Failure = practice shot. You got this!
"History will never forget me" -Unknown
I hear sirens in the woods
This couch looks familiar... Hold up.
Minutes after her death, someone screamed.
He coughed on the door handle
Phone-clutching habit getting out of hand.
Where did everyone go? Who knows.
Feeling regret is stronger than gratitude.
She smiled as he was buried.
FUCK CAPITALISM. Sent from an iPhone.
My butt is sore. Its nice.
they will send the body tomorrow
I gave birth to my brother.
The night will last forever. (Moon)
Anyone wanna buy a used coffin?
Bullet hit the aorta; I'm fucked.
Soon to be his only wife. 
Tired of waking up with him...
People. assume. BAD CHOICES. Never. HEREDITARY!!
You won't be gone... Just forgotten 
I cant operate, hes my son.
Yes, I will use these words.
Why are we in my bed?!
Youve had yours. These are mine!
Investigated fizzled wick. He became decapitated.
He followed. She bathed. He peeped.
Kids, Im home. . .! Right, the divorce.
2020, the year of Schrodinger's Democracy.
These? These are words. Use them.
Stay silent! It can hear you...
Another melancholic excerpt to the pile.
"I love you." "Uhhhhhhhmmmm. Ahhhhhh. Yeaaaahhh....."
"Coronavirus is a hoax.", she coughed.
News junkies gettin' stepped on shit.
Found rock has baby starfish fossils.
Survived war. Killed by peace officer.
I just facepalmed my third eye.
Capitalism: not so great under hardship.
Starving for cash. Will we survive?
I thought you were just sleeping.
I decided, schizophrenia wasn't my boss.
Are old potatoes safe to drink?
The politicians agreed to abolish politicians.
Clown snake falling. All phobias merged.
Naked. Bleeding. Lost. Just another weekend.
"Harder daddy". Please stop doing daddyporn.
Jesus wept. Satan laughed. People ignored.
Reddit Loves everyone. If they're liberal.
BLM. Antifa. Democrats. We're doomed AF
BLM. How about All BLM. Racist!
Stay home. Stay alive. Fuck off.
Step bro, what are you doing?
Life shits. I'm the toilet paper.
Why are you good at that?
"You'll be heroes!" both sides declared.
Borders are lines exaggerated by rulers.
For Sale: Baby Sheep. Never Shorn.
President lied. Thousands died. Continual divide.
He drowned in a shallow crowd.
Three armed robbers. Two dead homeowners
Man dates woman. Society becomes vengeful.
Six word stories sleeps with syllables
Test was positive. Boyfriend was not.
1919: Lost Generation. 2020: Loser Generation.
Water rash willy - no more blowjobs
Video game are his only freedom
I walked it off...for days.
His meds and surgery changed her.
Bleach container on ocean plastic island
Her heart dark her blood black
Moved to Alabama healthy, left diabetic.
Kiss the blood off my hands.
Honey pie was never so sweet.
Gun shots peppered the swap meat.
She tripped over his giddy tongue.
Words stopped making sense like elephants.
Abandoned building, 1 hour, Camera ready.
Did your rabbit just smile back?
One, 2, III, tough being consistent.
A song about irony isn't ironic.
The stranger in the mirror stared.
Anastasia Hayes. 1988 - 2004. Risen 2020
"Get your manager!" "Fuck You Karen!"
Perfection? Unattainable. Mediocrity? Available. Failure? Inescapable.
Engine restored, 6 bolts left over.
Labor paid for with blow job.
Everyone should have empathy for Sisyphus
Please stop watching those Chinese cartoons.
Tentacles shouldn't appear this often,
Continental drone destroys British transport ship.
He broke me for one night.
Powers down! Walls collapsing! Depth increasing!
Get into the bunker!! Theyre Here!
Get into the bunker!! Theyre Here!
"Please, I can't breathe." "So what?"
He can park anywhere after that
Stop That! You're embarrassing my generation!
Free drink? Okay! Feeling woozy *drops*
Who squirted on my V.C.R., E.T.?
Wash. Gown. Mask. Goggles. Gloves. Fever.
"Why won't these walruses copulate?" -- moi
He died the way I predicted -
The Universe sighed at you? WHY?
"When I go, don't you follow"
Kisses frog. Hallucinates. Frog becomes prince
I wrote a six word story.
Fridge contents: tofu, steak, vegetables, steak.
Sandals Resort, tan everywhere, Jan everywhere
Choose. Our ore or our oar?
Door squeaked. Oiled hinges. I left.
I am Groot? I am GrooOOOooot!
Free ice cream! Gets in van
Two enter, one birth, one leaves
No reflection. Fly everywhere. Avoid hunters
Growing older. Losing memories. Forgetting faces
Ten rounds, one clip, drive by
Sits down. Screams in pain. Cactus
Ran. Tripped. Shot. No more racing
Finally complete. Two lovers. Two bullets
Sucked dick. He asked, "You cum?"
Maybe prince? *Kisses frog* trips balls
Another blood falls. Bullets holes everywhere.
Where am I? Who are you?
Poop everywhere! Dont give dog cheese!
Accident. Head trauma. Who are you?
Five zombies. Two bullets. Seven zombies
They embraced as they were unmade
Dog barked. Must pee. Blizzard. Shit.
Suntanned. Suntanned. Suntanned. Suntanned. Suntanned. Melanomaed.
Donald Trump opens Only Fans account
The hug is the hardest thing.
Boss: You're fired! [pauses porn] Why?
The child smiled, thumb on detonator.
High roaded, miscorrected and downvoted. F.
Faraday cage. God can't eavesdrop now.
I can't remember if I'm alive.
Is he did yet? No? Fuck!
Binoculars, sniper rifle, camouflage, rations: check.
Independence Day cancelled indefinitely. British rejoice.
His AI texts girlfriend. Hers reciprocates.
The point where world meets sense.
two become one, weaponized for fun.
I wonder if you miss me
I awake again, screaming in vain.
"Don't ignore me", they cried again
"Don't forget me", she said again
COVID-21 &gt; COVID-20 &gt; COVID-19
Makes sense when you avoid stupidity.
We've never been this way before.
May you be cherished and loved.
You are a rockstar, entertain us!
They are coming home without me.
Not a word, I walked away.
And Bad Apple was his name-o.
Backing home. Wait. Where's my home?
"I just simply want to die"
Lord, keep my pimp slap firm.
Close your eyes and say ah.
There is no "pee" in "speedrun"
Where love ends and ego begins...
"Everyone's a suspect" exclaims the Butler
Lookit that! It thinks it's alive
Anxious like a dog this 4th.
He bombed children. Internet loves him.
Pin pricked. Princess slept. Kiss awoke.
Statements arent stories; needs beginning, middle,...
Country fly, lost in Spider City.
Hurry up and bear my son.
I believe that empaths fear irrelevancy.
Baby orange is stripped, beaten, juiced.
New six worder tops best sellers.
For sale: wedding ring. Cubic Zirconium.
Census: Population down significantly.Causes unknown.
For sale: Healthy Kidney. Discounted price.
I trip. Shoot! Shoots. I die.
Replacement heart was lost during delivery.
Loser craves attention; avoids loser's attention.
Her titties are sisters, not twins.
You're like, the coolest tarantula ever.
These are not your eyes anymore.
"You're chosen..." "who? me?" "...no longer."
Entered as two, exited as one.
Im afraid you have been selected.
"It's just surface rust!" - VW Restorer
Shit myself during a job interview.
4 years fun - 30 years debt.
My name's....... Lil'Pubera/g . My pubes're............................. Lil'Boomera%gs.
You shit your second pants, Mikey.
Telling the truth was too dangerous.
Observations complete. Experiment failed. Earth rebooting.
You're not a superspreader, are you?
He left before the vet injected
Poor kid with the yummy snacks
Not even the beavers are safe.
My money. One hour. Capeesh? . . . . . . Naww . .
All the children made Betty salivate.
Unimportant Club...Where do I apply?
I am very committed to laziness.
2020:The Time Traveler Training Route.
Statues Dismantled. Streets Renamed. Racism Solved?
Charcoal sticks, sketch pad, shoulder sling.
On occasion, cake tastes best alone.
No hog, no warts. One star.
No hog, no warts. One start.
Expected Grandma. Found wolf. Eaten. Rescued.
Economy demanded cannibalism. We obliged, blindly.
Dystopian scenario, now the new normal.
Help! Help! The sky is falling!
You know... I couldve saved you.
Had a fifth, got a dime.
His first fifth and last joyride.
She was 18 in dog years!
No, my father has brown eyes
You're an excellent employee. Excellent. But...
Our creations, devolved to animals, again.
Some people exist as avoidance examples.
College fund, spent on the funeral.
One pillow, and the screaming stopped.
Her deceiving smile hid the truth.
I&lt;3U, but sometimes, Id rather die.
I overlooked the moral for plot
Popular stories of once compassionate humans
Sure, I'll sell you a miracle.
Chuck Tingle: Pounded in Six Words
But what is left is scary.
precious things to give. Resistance permits.
Life is meaningless! I know but...
Unfettered by reality, she flew on.
Meta stories not allowed. Post removed.
I converted my mother to antinatalism.
"Luke, just kidding; we're not related."
Day 58. No food. Hurricane coming.
They say he takes her dancing.
Youre highly qualified, but not LGBTQ+
This horn bops, it don't smooth.
Freedoms cry was silenced with gunfire.
Nobody's grumbling for fake peace' sake.
"There's my tail. Don't come near..."
When she forgot, she was free.
Im not you... I dont think.
Youre either non-binary or youre not.
Hold the line or die trying
They hold a wake. Closed coffin.
JWST telescope : Alpha Centauri report, Green
The submarine started taking on water.
Sharpens axe. Remove wedding ring permanently.
The correct timeline to wake into?
"Not again!" Wrong year to die.
Charlatans sold water to the drowned
She took as needed and left.
I'm sorry. I couldn't stop him.
Coronavirus vaccine turned people into zombies
Through window I saw nature repairing
Wow, she really is hot. 103.6
2019: "Unskilled labor" 2020: "Essential worker"
The guillotine blade faltered, then dropped.
The elderly couple bickered while strolling.
You can't die, you have bills.
Wounded soldier hunted. Hides in sewer.
The booms werent fireworks; youll see.
Scientists: "Experience Machine: procedural generation 'successful'".
You're not who you were told.
Happy Fathers Day, love you, Mom.
Her arrival stopped the party indefinitely.
I cheered as he committed suacide
Marriage won't last; good cake though.
Negative Utilitarian Skynet ended human suffering.
Today, most confusing day in Harlem.
He didnt know he was anxious.
I cried then held my cat.
"Happy Father's day", she told me.
So many homes I can't buy.
I... was... STARVING! In YOUR DREAM!!!!!
Let me guess. She was siliconasticated.
Sorrow, pain, blood, loss. Debt paid.
She forgot mercury is in retrograde.
Username taken. Username taken. Username taken.
My first blowjob? It kinda sucked.
My first blowjob? Its kinda sucked.
The sky rained missiles. Oceans boiled.
They didn't die? Start a riot.
I kept running. I never moved.
Despite it all, I love you.
Pilot held hostage. Saved by passengers.
My diet starts now . . . after pizza.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
Hurting animals was the first sign.
My kitten can got cancer too
"Boys Right, Girls Left." "And me?"
"Boys Right, Girls Left." "And me?"
Still? Still. After everything? Because of.
Guy here, he's down, team wipe.
Reeeeally love cock; Im a dude.
Smile as food tester fakes swallowing
Moment of fame make them blind
Sirens approaching home. Whew, passed us.
Just like that, he was gone.
Life depleted when darkness took hold
AI pretends to fail Turing test
"U.S Army!!" He said, dooming himself.
She would never make me choose.
Dentist's wife's unfaithful. Blending food now.
Slice delicately first; then eat slowly
Do you think bleach removes bloodstains?
Life is mostly all about loss.
"Wear a gasmask, Dad!" "Nestor, hush."
You have wasted your life!  zzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Dad's a provider. Unless it's affection.
"Star Wars" wedding marred by prequels
Critical thinking skills are massively important.
Threesomes suck and are invariably overrated.
Just get the fuck over it.
I can stop anytime I want
What if school __was__ my identity?
If only she could talk back
Exist to spite! Eternal damnation speedrun.
I'm writing letters...to nonexistent recipients
"Fuck you" he told his teacher
One last time and Ill stop.
Dont put it in that hole.
For one brief moment, he flew
I rape myself again and again :(
I don't remember my first death
Got married. Dad didn't show up.
Lonesome midnight torrents--reading below E.
She wanted love; not a worshiper.
Newish Girls Bike for Sale - Owner
Kid, like candy? the stranger beckoned.
Please don't scream... I'm almost done
Unprotected phone sex risks hearing aids
The bright cities lights blacked out.
She was everything, he watched alone
As it ended, something new began
When nature decides to paint. Splendour.
In a deep winter, remembering summer
But it was still very useful.
I was pleasantly surprised, at first.
"Please! Please don't shoot me plea-"
So, uh, funny story about that...
Giving unused newborn clothes, free, fast.
Mask can't hide your unintentional smile
Out of cigarettes. Won't be back.
After the revolution, nobody had class.
Blindfolded, he smoked his last one.
Love hasnt shown its true face.
My drink tastes funny, I slurred.
Underwater, the sharks silhouette quickly materialized.
He served mom. We didn't know.
Oh no...shit. I ate it.
Sex on the beach is terrible.
A stranger died in the family.
Cinnamon and cayenne look pretty similar.
Globally, the buttons pressed. Billions perished.
Looking for what I never had.
My final movement: kicking the chair.
A loud explosion followed by silence.
Help me! were her final words.
Injected insulin. Wrong syringe. Everything's fading.
That bitch Carole Baskin killed him!
I saw you in a dream
Repeat: our landing gear has failed!
Life is what you make it
LISTEN, NATHAN.... seven yes, eight no.
Your husband and I switched wives.
Put that back, right this instant.
Stay, boy, he said, driving away.
Please step forward, you are next.
Only she knows his resting place.
Hot bath. Short circuit. Cold shower.
thx for the new fone. luvgrandadxx.
Now my texts autocorrect to slurs
Now it always autocorrects to slurs
Is it supposed to be black?
Are you going to finish that?
The sheets were no longer white.
Sorry. Im done. Thanks for trying.
May our extinction be our defiance!
They burnt the city with purpose.
Legs run like eggs when cracked.
Farmer fucked monkey. Monkey fucked humanity.
Memories altered. Nostalgia fulfilled. Happiness obtained.
Not undead; it was never alive.
For Sale: Dancing shoes. Lessons failed.
I am aiming for the thoughts.
I regret not being a miscarriage
Emergency fund: one bullet, one gun.
He is not the legitimate pope!
My ONE mistake was fellating Satan.
Today we're madder; tomorrow we matter.
Shit splattered the ceiling and walls.
Is 'peeing up' really that bad?
I sharted. You sharted. Nobody shit.
On Father's Day: bad memory replacement.
I love pans. I love pans.
Persistent noise complaints prompt second seance.
2020, based on the movie, 2012.
Rapper releases posthumous debut studio album.
Meander or the trip will end.
Cant sleep. Ill dream of her.
I stopped wishing I was dead.
Cancer gave him time. Corona didn't.
Unemployment? US is obsessed with race...
Im an addict. Youre the drug.
Thanks, he said and jumped off.
I no longer dream of crowds.
"Here we go again." Bomb exploded.
"Are you seeing this?" "I'm here."
Did you pull the pin out!?
Pomeranian fuck farms rule this continent.
Protect vulnerable fans FROM predatory artists.
Person ate bat, now no jobs.
Person ate bat now no jobs
The alarm blared, it was time.
2020, based on George Orwell's, 1984.
Cancelled first date; were not compatible.
You sank to keep me afloat.
You sunk to keep me afloat.
Everywhere I look, nothing but disaster
Pride cancelled. Its Wrath this year.
Can I borrow your hemorrhoid cream?
Then it happened, Earth's now flat.
"I mean, things still suck, buuuuut..."
The last call she never got
"No lives matter," thought the cop.
Their will, not yours! Free them!
She wanted kids didnt care how!
Suicide for dummies. One time read
Well... should have worn a rubber
They're just criminals hiding behind badges.
Small but exciting. She laughed, "No."
I do not know how to count
Her response, Not interested in reconnecting.
Keep quiet. The wound will heal.
His nausea left with his pulse.
Don't breath until I love you back.
You will survive whatever is coming
I see your madness as magic
It ended at I love you
And we woke to blood-red waves
She left without even a word
I prefer her in my dreams.
Whats really going on out there?
I only loved him in private.
A flower petal declared her love.
Did you think that I'd forget?
Competing private police fight. Criminal escapes.
I know it wasn't real but...
We thought it couldnt get worse.
I fucked up, I'm sorry.
Police deny mechanical dogs maul protestors.
No presents, no guests, no cake
And then I slipped on feces
Game developing robots "do not crunch".
Why did you hit my mother?
She opened the letter and screamed
Wildfires, corona virus, protests, whats next?
The music almost made her forget.
Department of Defense and Protester Relations.
I guess it can happen here.
Beneath the waves, he dreamt anew
The American Dream was merely debt.
"Do you even have a tank?"
Nobody Likes What The Mirror Shows
I'm prescient. edit: appreciate the awards!
Protect and serve! The cops laughed.
Tell my kids I love them!
Proud of persistent people peacefully protesting.
Last practice run, see you tomorrow.
Baby, I ain't lyin' this time!
Now where are my glasses... *crunch*
Saw the obvious, blinded by love
Eventually, wifey found out about sis
Im A pope. Not THE Pope.
He cried out, "Marry me instead!".
The Watcher Has Learned To Hear
Her ex stopped the wedding yesterday.
The chicken finally crossed the road.
I just cried. Felt so good.
"Guillotines increase blood flow!" said Robespierre.
Two lines. Another secret to keep.
Kiss was sweet... kill was sweeter.
The Closed Garage Makes Me Sleepy
Trump Lost To Sleepy Joe Biden
He has become what he hates.
I don't want to live anymore
Is this it? Then fuck it.
Retailers to accept children as payment.
Missing. Missing. Missing. Partially recovered. Missing.
Let the wild bloom within you.
She was perfect, then I awoke
My executive functions are quite low.
My mom left me on read.
Truth did not elevate her dreams
Please, why are you doing this?
We escaped, they pursued, we jumped.
Youll always bee my plan A.
Police executed black man. Protests worldwide.
George was inaudible. Hes heard now.
Last seen a long time ago
Haha you suckers- made you look!
Help, Im trapped! - No one heard
I buy umbrella for bullets rain.
That bitter old lady, named Joy.
"That your bible?" "It's a bible."
Well, he did not die naturally.
They say she calls him father.
I can't breath, Sir! Am sorry
Please dont move on without me.
I can see you, can you see me?
SEARCH: Mandela Effect /no results found/
Fire in their eyes, matches lit.
On banned books list: Fahrenheit 451
We were innocent, we were executed.
She shouted, "Life is too short!"
Black Lives Matter, but, Fuck Antifa.
Scribblin? She's great! Scrapplin? She's... OK.
He deployed. She downloaded tinder. Matched.
We're still getting married today, right?
They had hope; not the illusion..
You! Know what? You should do.
Almost everything happened several nights ago.
Then who WAS singing? Heather's balls?
No offense, but you're exceedingly stupid.
Ive finally won. Pull the lever.
Im only human!
Chronically ill patient was only 9.
Amazon rainforest burns. Humanity soon follows.
I scream with no vocal cords.
He gave no name, only numbers.
She fooled the polygraph device flawlessly.
Victim and villain. Which is which?
Kids with bruises shaped like handprints.
Stop gambling with lives as payment.
Theres 104 days of summer vacation.
Passed out. Awoke with white hair.
You deserved it. I was 6!
Antique shop has photo of you.
Never outrun what you can outwit.
Hell return... I havent taken another.
Seriously? Kidnapping is not a date!
I do what I want.
Surprise! Funeral guests were not amused.
Time came and went, she remained.
Im afraid to let you go
In anger, he took a flatscreen.
I spend sundays working. Do you?
Protest starts today, wish us luck
Memories fade and feelings aren't forever
Last thing he said, " I love...".
There is power in numbers friends.
Scattered light, broken words, And me.
Silient mode and aeroplanes, I'm leaving...
getting vaccinated, why is master crying?
Doctor name a disease with mine
Money bought more change than protests.
Four corners, but I'm in circles.
"Went to get milk. Love, Dad."
Whatever, Im going to hell anyway
Then the second bomb went off
I should've helped, but I couldn't
I own the night, so kneel
A nation falls as liberty disappears!
She was expecting a live birth.
Funeral today, no one showed up.
Don't soak beans in my urine...
Couldnt think of six words
Don't believe everything you just wrote.
Don't believe everything you publish.
You're why I'm here. (Not there.)
Happy cake day to me *sobs*
Jesus, Big Brother is definitely watching
I must sleep. However the anger.
For your sake, dont believe me.
Telepath hears ,I know youre listening.
My house has a secret passageway.
Its snowing, but I feel warm.
Please give me my inhaler back.
Jim - Bottom Left, Todd - Top Right
This is about as old as...
My body broken. my spirit lives.
I feel like I could explode.
Edit: Thank you for the gold!!!
History doesn't repeat itself loudly enough.
She wears the ring of another.
I've lived through a burning world
She was right there, sleeping soundly.
yeah there's comfort in unfinished writing
Humanity sucked before the anti-evil vaccine
Man dies! He awakes...then screams
Man dies. He awakes and screams!
Today, my life ends. Ours begins.
Dont leave me alone. Haunt me.
Prison? She said she is eighteen!
You really believe that? Does she?
Its summer and were finally free!
I knew you would outlive me.
Million dollar ticket, invalid by technicality.
BOUNTY HUNTER? Shes 16 years old!
Did you just sprinkle love? *wink*
Divorced. Beheaded. Died... Divorced. Beheaded. Survived...
Three lefts make an inefficient right
Many die, but far fewer live.
To her surprise, it was real
You just can't kill for Jesus.
What'd you do - Amy, Amy, Amy!?!
Felt like taunting death. Went running.
Ignore! It doesnt fit OUR narrative!
Roses are red, violets are blue.
Who better to arbitrate than perpetrator?
Biden, Exotic, Montana, Rogan, Pesci, Namath.
The life vest does not fit.
Came, saw, conquered. Arrived, coughed, killed.
Came, saw, conquered.
Ill let you die alone now.
Prisons ok. Ill wait for you!
It is what it is again.
And just like that shes gone.
The proud t-rex did a pushup
Those chickens happily eat human fingers.
"Is that a wasp or - OW!"
Octopuses find sunken warheads, diplomacy unsuccessful.
Curious children always follow The Bunny
On the Moon: Hours long eclipse.
Baby clothes for sale: Never worn
For sale: dual dildo, never used.
For sale: double-sided dildo, never used.
Kill me Mom. Kill me Dad.
I will yet outlive you, husband.
I always suspected you ate Grandpa!
"Spare me," I sung. "Why not?"
Ive been crawling since last July.
I hope my family will understand.
She sells masks she never wears.
Packpacking... miles from water. SEVERE diarrhea.
Rover whimpered- the boy cut deeper.
She'll be home tonight. Wear masks.
Shit! I lost my wedding ring.
She should NOT have rejected me!
Neighbor's new fence: because of me?
Don't try making smores at funerals.
All is well, says lying man
How I celebrated my cake day
Am I worth the text back?
He is ugly. Kill him quick.
WHAT!?! Mandatory masks?! Im BeInG oPpReSsEd!
Fingernail markings on throat. Self-destructive somnambulist.
You said the berries were poisonous.
Never have dinner with the president
Resistance crumbles after invaders improve everything.
You lied when you said sorry.
Last human alive heard child laughing.
Accidents and mistakes: not always synonyms
Six words to cry for help.
These mods are the best/worst.
This woman is sixty. She's worthless.
Wish Id never checked her phone
Barely anything left that nobody made.
Her grandson understood "eat the rich."
We're safe. Only 11 deaths today...
Together we stand. I miss her.
Planing summer evenings that won't happen.
Body limp. Eyes shut. Bright light.
Best story ever. Forgot every word.
Why is it dark in daytime?
Okay, CLEAR! His heart beats again.
I said no. They didnt listen.
Least favorite smell? Alcohol on breath.
Time Travel 2020: DO NOT ATTEMPT
The air smells oddly like copper.
No, he wasnt born that way.
Stopped missing him.
Painted red rose, slowly turning brown.
I died today. Tomorrows another day
Tried six times. Im still alive.
You used to feel like home.
What do you mean by Canadians?
Once more, I forgot to record.
Youll likely catch it next year.
Anyone there? ...ere Help! ...elp
The room, sound proofing and breakables.
Dead baby story? Scrapped. Writers block.
Locked door, snapped key, encroaching end.
I'm an only child, once again.
You did not love me, liar !
You mean everything to me *unfollow*
One day he just walked away...
Smashed the shit with my face.
Apparently, Hemingway never actually said that.
Good from far...far from good
They only spoke six word sentences
Life spent waiting, is no life.
He was darkness in the light
She was light in the dark
The end was only the beginning
The children returned, missing their eyes.
Long since passed but alive nonetheless.
You're too late, she arrives tomorrow.
I have finally stopped missing her.
Word War: TERF zero, Womyn 1
We self limit to promote progress.
She's even cuter through a peephole.
No. This is just the beginning
Im homesick. Sick of being home.
I just shat in my pants
People die, and the moss grows.
Body is now moving to me.
They died scrolling. Just couldnt stop.
Heart monitor is no longer flat
Whered you get the weapons? NOKOR, others.
Paid my dues, still in debt.
Parking lots: Chaos without painted boundaries
Oh, your profile picture looked different
Brand new whip, got no keys :(
What happened? What twisted your mind?
You werent always like this, brother?
We belong together! Tell me everything!
Open the slave auction with prayer.
You make me feel completely alone.
Mistranslated ritual triggers mass virgin births.
Call J.G. Wentworth, 877-Cash-Now!
Indoor lit propane stove. Windows shut.
She makes her clothes from curtains
Damn, the human body is resilient.
Damn, the human body's so resilient.
It was just a kidney stone.
"What are we?" his lover asked.
The smaller-scale dream's just as good.
The age progressed photos were unnecessary.
Thanks for everything. Love you, goodbye
Plot to restore human control thwarted.
dreaming of fattening my bank account
Text, 6:35pm: We need to talk.
Mine imprimatur is thine, my lovely.
we shouldnt have let him outside.
Hey, listen here. I don't care!
Dad, why're you crying. Where's mom?
Government is more generous than Ex.
I commented without changing my account
Shouldve run before legs were removed.
Depression's a kettle, remove the heat.
Dirt resettled. "Next time, cremate her."
Most treasured of inheritance, a username.
waited all this time. too scared
He failed to prevent the inevitable.
Archaeological excavation unearths missing passenger plane.
Oh God, I killed chat again.
But then the Fire Nation attacked.
What's the time? Just woke up.
Turns out the enemy suffers too.
"You're gonna be okay!" "Don't lie"
Sorry, I don't think I can...
"We can start over!" "Too late..."
"You're gonna make it!" "Don't lie"
A whole life. Wasted by fear
Life: laughing out loud, crying inside
Things I am trying to change......
"Jokes aside, I said it" -She
They say she has my eyes.
In court, child spoke rehearsed lines
The human heart costs $1,000,000 dollars
Amnesia cases soar after television premiere.
Falling, feels like forever. Catch me...
Everything is nothing with a twist.
"Okay Boomers, General Quarters! Ready nukes!"
If you're here, then who's that?
Double flash. Mushroom cloud. Black rain.
Trump LITERALLY CANNOT offend likeminded dickheads.
HE LITERALLY CANNOT OFFEND LIKE-MINDED DICKHEADS
I... wow, I... man... WOW. Mmmnmnmmmnmhnmnmmmnmmm,
1 user. 10 posts. r/sixwordstories flooded.
I'll heckin' chase, you heckin' run.
Baby... baby... are they scamming us?
Alexa, search "rum and coke calories".
We're liable to cause them illness.
"Candidly"? Oh, "candidly"? EAT SHIT, KERMIT
Whose just popped, yours or mine?
E's the cunt what supplied it!
Signal from space blamed for arson.
Love shattered. One word. Whos Sarah?
I missed who you once were
Boat launched. Atlantic crossing. What iceberg?
Touched penis after handling Carolina Reaper
He floated by, piece by piece.
The J. must stand for genius.
I'm sorry, I've only $100 bills.
She is chomping at the bit.
Go fast, gain mass: Relativity theory
Tidally locked: 500+ days of summer
"Report, Voyager 1 hit a barrier"
The smaller the coffin the heavier
She never really saw it coming.
Its back. This time for good.
Ma'am, your husband was a hero
Who was he? My childhood hero
Where is he? On my shelf.
"Broken ribs, possibly failed CPR attempt"
"Look out!" He cried, too late.
Its time to make it right
I dont like your friends either
Funeral services will be through Zoom.
He died. She cheered. Finally together.
You don't have to do this
Movement. Labcoats. Who's getting autopsied? Darkness.
In the end, I protected you.
I'm sorry it ended like this
I only wish you'd met him
I'm so sorry, Camel - Love, Straw
Unfortunately the alarm failed to sound.
She flew gracefully, until the impact.
Waiting room. Doctor comes. I cry.
Peek a boo. With a sniper.
Caramel pickles kick sweet pickles's ASSES
Ticonderoga? More like I runderover, knowutimean?
Ask Jesus before you ask God.
#1 unseen phrase: "#1 The Aerosmiths"
Last thing I remembered, falling lights
Baby Earthworm wriggled under Maximum Samantha.
Love me, or -- get this -- die.
I eat Starbursts like fucking Skittles.
Make toast in bath? Yummy. Aaaaaaaaagggggghhhhhh!!!!!!
DEFCOM-1. Shelter. Survive. Last one.
By day, ordinary model communist citizen.
Please stay buried this time, Mother.
My internet connection has been unusually
He should have worn the mask.
Supreme for sale; retail plus 100
Death is scariest in the mirror.
"What's my infection, doc?" "It's unnamed."
Unhappy dog. Brown floor. Brown Roomba.
"Oh my god, I do." "PSYCHE!!!"
Sending longer messages; receiving shorter replies.
Sending longer messages; receiving shorter replies
i forget what happiness feels like
just overdosed. why am i alive?
It is for your own safety.
I feed my thoughts with love.
He fed his thoughts with love
shit! i thought i'd be dead!
Why there are only 12% upvoted?
We've made contact. God help us.
Their problems were solved by love
He was, just briefly, a father
His revenge was life long, fulfilling!
She loved him all her life
They all remembered twenty-twenty, smiling.
husband worked, children schooled, she cheated
Grandfather, father, not me, my son.
" 'Rabies prevent babies' ?!" cried the doctor.
" 'Heelys deserve stealeys' ?!" cried the principal.
When his son was born, nothing.
They tried; but it wasn't enough.
It was for her own good.
I need some R.S.A
Drowning; a delightfully decadent experience indeed
Wait... 35 guys, or 35 times?
Your ratues matter to me... why?
One emoji said a thousand words.
Relatives established themselves in our castle.
Tired, lights fading, wheel is loose.
"Is he . . . like . . . " (tips imaginary fedora)
"Is he . . . y'know . . . " (tips imaginary fedora)
Til death... ...do us part.
Nobody move, nobody will get hurt
Go supercalifragilisticexpialidocite yourself you fucking cow
The needles were never for insulin.
I scratched till I reached bone.
The baby's feet were pointing backwards.
One day I'll make that jump
Desperate, I finally cut the rope.
Sometimes were adults, sometimes were kids.
Pentagram drawn; demon summoned. Oh, fuck!
Cutest nurses around. Don't embarress me.
The door never stayed locked before
In the Empyrean of the Ionosphere.
Voicemail full. I'm starting to worry
It's ok. "You" are my gift.
Facebook deactivated; Birthday greetings sharply decrease.
The Word Impossible spells "I'm possible".
Bring out your dead, we're hungry.
Sounding session becomes bloody, golden shower
Ready? On three! One... Two... NOOOOO!!!!
"Uncle taught son to say 'secret'."
Wondered why I smelt rotten egg
My curled puric sendex denied yours
Barbara! Dig. It ain't NO. Mess.
He sighed, and became a memory.
Temporary Hold - Emergency Psychiatric Assessment Unit
Seriously, how'd she become the bouncer?
The drugs are not working ,    
BREAKING NEWS: FAUCI FUCKED A CHICKNUG
R.E.L.A.X. = Get The Fuck Out Now
Thanks, mom. Wish I'd met you.
Voicemail again. Guess I'm eating alone
Jared. Crowdsurfing now. Jared. JARED. JARED.
Every room smells like bread now.
I want trouble for NOBODY else.
Hips don't lie. Hips do hooray,
Dad blushed but bought the tampons.
Brown floor. White dog. Brown Roomba.
Brown floor. Clean dog. Brown Roomba.
This would be studied as history
Condom machine sign: Gum tastes rubbery.
Sleep paralysis got me pretty paralyzed.
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fu-
Voicemail again. Dates not going well
Me? A father? But we didn't...
I'd stay, but then you'd explode.
WWI regrets couldn't stop nuclear WWIII.
You knew I took the DeLorean
It's music, pursued to it's fullest.
Ok go, here it goes again
"Gone? They just needed to speak."
An opening sentence. Something darker followed.
Invitations to my funeral are out
Back to work, you disposable peons.
Courageous people risk loss, for what?
Don't make me hit you (again)
Shallow cuts, too scared of deep
Shallow cuts, to scared of deep
It all feels too heavy now
Science dove forward, and deprived you.
Im not paranoid: theyre real people!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMewtlmkV6c https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMewtlmkV6c
No one love fucking athletes. Disgusting
My city is your city, Trigger.
Today, he'll catch that dam Squirrel!
(My boss took my video virginity(
"When will you catch me?" "Never."
"You don't understand! I am you!"
My dong is bigger than yours.
I don't want to wake up
Reached out .... Ring . . Ring. . . Please! . . Answer! . . .
To college. Maybe? Atleast I graduated.
Plug arrested. No more drugs. Pain.
Quarantine: Making Birthdays Great Since 2020.
Naked in class. Not a dream.
Wait, in this timeline she survived?
"You won't tell, right?",whispered daddy.
boredom says outside, pandemic says inside
I think about you less. Yet...
The dead were gone long ago.
Jumped, then I changed my mind.
Not there, there. No, not there...
I was born, but never lived.
Fought with 2-year-old. Won and lost.
Ghosts at protests! Wants humans out!
February's motivator comes into focus: Camera
Invaders
"The reinforcements is supposed to co...."
Chimp 22 escaped. Drop them panties.
"Emotional hijacker was bad, but terrorist?"
Hey mom, dad- What're you doing?
Run run run, you will die...
Im getting horny waiting... Dig faster!
Wait you cant Breath in space
Please dont leave. She did anyway.
My mom started chemo last week
Thundering clouds don't always mean rain.
I can't trust you again Liar
The quarantine quelled Quinns quixotic questions
Graduation! Only wish that anyone came.
"They hate you don't hate yourself."
Beuty, wild heart,broken soul: LETHAL!
Don't you think she looks tired?
And then her heart stopped, again.
S.I.N. (Supernatural Investigations Network) defies demons.
At her funeral, I apologised pathetically.
Several fail, but I did it!
"Do you remember that doll, Dad?"
the kids keep escaping, restraint methods?
Both children returned - folded flags.
Such a gamble playing feelings roulette
Wake up, this is obedience training.
"human" "intelligent" species: neuroticism, violence, anxiety.
Come back to me she whispered.
It is lonely at the top.
Last seen online 567 days ago.
But sir, those ARE the reinforcements!
The prime minister became the king
New virus found on Wuhan, China
NO, that button detonates the bom....
I stopped believing I love you
I fall more in love everyday.
So there is no hope, then?
Just here to tell you good-nite
Gone. Never learned to love her.
Date. Pizza. Pineapple. No pineapple. Murder.
She was always my love story
Purple throat. Blue lips. Finally, peace.
I hear I have a son.
You don't know me at all
He cheated, I married his dad.
I come home. "Hello? Anyone there?"
I wrote positive stories. No reply.
Hey there! I am waiting for you.
They like negative stories. Rewrite it!!!!!!
They like negative stories. Rewrite it.
Just, I still remember that day...
Thanks, for being a good man.
Some yolks contain souls. Others don't.
My imaginarium has become my prison.
"Your balance." Your balance needs Jesus.
This war is over. For now...
When it comes, you will see.
Britney! Spears had triplets AND twins!
Well, there's Louis, Malcolm, and Nigel.
"Easter Dinner?" More like chocolate eggs.
My gal keeps ballin' around town.
We laughed our way through galaxies.
My rapist now has HIV too.
Recognizing anonymous accounts not shared. Real.
The first time I ate acid.
Veni, Vedi, Vici; at least almost
I never meant to hurt you
This sentence needs more than six...
China lies, and the world dies.
How about, Don't Close America Again.
I love you... So I don't...
God sleeps to white noise. Prayers.
Let me speak to the manager.
You tried to cunt fuck me!
John never returned, only his corpse.
But we could be miserable together!
We know no word for goodbye
fuck nudes. send me your playlist.
Were soulmates. Ill make her understand.
Finished chocolate, not mine. Made fudge.
Angel, you have fallen very far.
Wait, Whats our safe word again?
Look she floats! She's a WITCH!
Look, she is floating. WITCH! WITCH!!
I hear I have a son.
My dog disappeared. A fake returned
Ears pricked. Too late. An earthquake.
Jeez, mom! Dont you ever knock?!
She left him at the altar.
The brake pedal is not working
Born a twin, became only child.
Do machines dream of electric sheep?
Sometimes the people we love, leave.
Mike Lindell, owner of My Pillow.
Baby shoes for sale. Never worn.
What's up with this huge influx?
Go outside, yes it is safe
Your waifu are not real. Period.
Finally the empty raft touched ground.
Today an empty raft touched ground.
Bleach, Ammonia, Vinegar. My super Cleaningmix
Anger. Cat. Toaster. Funeral. Sadness. Dog.
It's not your fault. It's me.
Some of my friends are black.
The floorboards creek. I live alone.
The nudist signalled his attraction wordlessly.
My kidnapper said I could post-
One match fewer one ex fewer.
I prayed for mercy. God laughed.
I never learned how to count in school.
"Knock knock." "I'm just coming! Who's
Mr stark, i dont feel good
Years ago, I threw a boomerang...
I'm sorry, but that's just life.
The vaccine just made it worse
Spawn camping at the maternity ward
After lockdown, I'll remain an introvert
I fell in love. She didnt.
Please, it wasnt my fault. Pleas-
Sorry, this isn't a story.
"Mmm, this tea smells like almonds!"
Only people in space were alive
"Tidy your room?" she suggested, timidly.
I jumped once, my final fall
"back to reality", fading music said
Have a good next 24 hours
Consent wasnt going to stop me.
Hear that? Finally, there was silence.
No running, no hiding, no anything
For sale. Baby sized casserole dish
James didnt return. A flag did.
Hello? What would you have said?
The dead don't sleep. We dream.
Sand is God saying "make glass."
For sale: Wedding ring. Never worn.
She waited behind the door smiling
Us, the knights who say Ni.
Lillies please, they were her favorite.
AHA! As I suspected! Thirty-TWO flavors!
Can closure exist with no trust?
Not to get political or anything.....
The dead can not say no.
You are so mean, Satan! Eggs.
Just like that, bat consumption ceased.
Newsflash: Impoverished Thieves Receive Just Desserts
Newsflash: Impoverished Thieves Given Just Desserts
Missing Mom Formation on Mother's Day
Father/widower: I wish I drove
trusted you. my mistake not yours
Laughing causes me such fucking pain.
No long goodbyes. We were Groot.
After quarantine, the "imy!" texts fade
Grab your masks, kids! Icecream Truck!
Advised, Stay home, it didnt help.
The shooter received the biggest wound.
Unlike mine, her butterflies were answered.
Manic Pixie Dream Girl for hire
Once again, I press: "Update tomorrow."
Ashley's mad nobody sees her boner.
The can opener sqeaked. Ears pricked.
You shouldve stayed dead she screamed
You weren't supposed to find out
Blood of lamb, deviled eggs, ham.
The Marik Protocol is our Lehrstucke.
Universe blasting delusions onto me. Devastated. :-(
Will the real man, please stand.
I dont think were alone. Hello?
I put my dick in crazy.
Thank God you can't get stupider.
This just another scam, Big Earl.
I only fuck who forgives me.
I actually do have delicious blood.
Spank me, but never lie again.
If elected, I'll nuke everything immediately.
We came! Oh, just me? Woops.
Hey, will you be my secret?
Shivering in a puddle of sweat.
Let me distract you from this
Everyone forgets you in the end
I think I hate my friends.
Stop screaming, child! My ears hurt.
"A heck of a job,Brownie!"
Meet my daughter, and my wife.
Par. Eagle. And a man fired
Par. Eagle. and a man fired
This week tops last week WEEKLY.
The DPRK can suck my balls.
They died very painfully. The end.
We thought the forest was empty......
You look good, you look happy.
He woke up. The funeral stopped.
You died. Now I'm truly alone.
Remember, when you forgive, you heal
"In my experience" scares clinicians everywhere.
Intentional community offering stipends for bullies.
I loved you truly... My bad...
I parry the Grim Reapers scythe.
What a tangled web I weave
Waiting for the storm to pass
All good medicine burns and scars.
The elastic snapped back, cutting circulation.
Oh! Youve done this before
Oh, you have done this before!
Connecting emotions to actions creates pain.
The man with aichmophobia became diabetic.
Lost my virginity, wrists still hurt
The orange Kool-Aid tastes like bleach.
Years pass, still on a loop
He was finally at ease.......RIP
Another patient dead on arrival. Stop.
Her dissonant cries drew thunderous applause.
We spoke yesterday about the plague.
I first met mother on Friedrichstrae.
Afterwards, she kept eating for two.
I met my mother on Friedrichstrae.
Afterwards, she still ate for two.
The ass brayed. The proctologist cringed.
She would have been nine today...
She almost smiled, then she remembered.
Get two birds stoned at once
People gather together, breaking the news.
Lights flickering. Poltergeist, or smarthome hack?
I stuff foodstuffs into foods, too.
Stupid vampires weren't even that thirsty.
Alcohol? Not one drop. Only gulps.
Fortran finally made my pussy perspirate.
These motherfuckers say everything fake news.
Kissed awake, sixth straight night. Alone.
My enemies include every human male.
Why the haptic fuck wouldn't we?
Watch what they make us do.
Whose suicide even is this, Heather?
Keep it in your pants, Heather!
Blaire's seen the last of Blaine.
Find Jesus? Keep us alive first.
Do not listen to the President.
Disinfectant protects against nasty 5G rays.
Your antibodies arent developing. DISPOSITION: Exile.
Hillary knows not to inject disinfectant.
"Equal rights for everyone! Except them."
Get away from me you coolie
She raped me down my japseye
With haste, silence fills the streets
In a closet, send party favors
Sadness, squirrel whispered, ...like acorns  BURYEM.
He can't walk a straight line.
She baked for him weed cookies!
V-day, her favorite diner, One? One.
Husband helps wife find his replacement.
Day after day, the news worsened.
Day after day, the news worsened.
Tired happens. That is a thing.
Least Covid-19 fatalities, in oppressive countries.
Pen sharpener. Pencil. Huh? Pencil sharpener.
Best response? Sometimes, its Fuck off.
"Joblessness is no joke." -- Jobbie McJobberson
Lady Vulgarian Farts, Cums, Shits, Sleeps
What was the quarantime like, grandpa?
"Dazed" on 4/22 still counts.
Star Wars XXVIII - Still Bad Westerns
My cock, you idiot. Not clock.
Darkness is fair. One shade only.
Too tired to climb into bed.
I bet you won't notice it.
Welcome Home Barbecue Cancelled. Send Flowers.
Later that day he was murdered.
They are everywhere, Victory or Valhalla
Out of makeup to cover bruises
I said seek me no further
"I love you more," she lied.
"I love you", she lied blatantly.
As knowledge bloomed, the Gods withered.
My goat cutest in her pajamas.
Suddenly, the happy days were over
Remember JFK, Mister President. Sign here.
crime will prosper with masks required
Please, skip the speak now... part
Yo dit yon linguas... Not well.
Worst part: he thinks he's helping.
The afterlife only lasts one eternity.
Jesus took the wrong wheel, Fuck.
I came. She didnt and left
One man. Five tigers. 22 years.
"You ready?" "Yeah, pull the plug."
Quarantine never ended. No new shows.
Its me, dad! D-dont you remember?
Waiting for the world to mend.
Please dont touch my Squatty Potty.
My pussy is not your HandiGrip
Benedict needs me, Cumberbatch feeds me.
Your organs are all spiderwebs, Uterusboy.
Were earthbound, captain. Six feet under.
One toddler in the double stroller.
There should have been a comet
Only costs the price of sin.
I didn't realize she loved me.
Work inside to change the outside.
Work inside and outside will change.
You ever been called a liar?
Has anyone called you a liar?
That's why I go commando, sir.
I used to be homeless. Not anymore.
All Neanderthal bones have nanomachine technology
I noticed my mirror is delayed
Freedom or death! Why not both?
Another day, quarantined. Netflix. Chill. Repeat.
Not, to, pry, but, just, why
EVERYONE'S BROTHER SUES EVERYONE'S SECOND COUSIN
I know, I'll pretend raccoons exist.
In many ways, it's a filthfest.
Text 40111 for... oh... one Wunwun.
Running, she barely grabbed the stroller
Handyman ad: "Add 20% for Tutorial"
I could grump that finger off
You've farted 99 times this week
Damned, Her eyes was on fire
Didn't time in quarantine mean anything?
"Mrs" "It's Ms." "Okay, Miss" "MIZZ!"
They were alive, then it moves
Lets meet at Hiroshima, its safer.
For Sale: Baby Shoes, NEVER WORN.
This story is so meta, right?
Limitation is the source of innovation.
Was it all just a dream?
"I still love you", he lied.
There is an "ancer" in "grievance".
Where to find them: cosmic strings.
I didn't mean to kill her
"And then my therapist started laughing"
Sobered up. My best friend disappeared.
Did I fire eight or seven?!
INVADERS MUST NOT INVADE THESE PREMISES
Satan is like a bad joke.
STRAIGHTEN THINE COASTER, all-knowing god
I don't need... a megaton more
Your butthole is ours once MORE!
what if pi had a random pi
10:19 challenge: Drink ten drinks.
The sneeze that felled the tyrant.
You might be incorrect, Trumpsident 133
BOTTOMSCRAPING (N): Scraping of that bottom.
Keep sending them to the airlocks.
I told Betty you fucked Becky.
There's "It's ironic," and there's psycopathy
They say she calls him Daddy.
"Cave paintings? Of what?" "Mushroom clouds."
"Oh, it does taste like metal."
Why am I here, God? Again.
Don't worry about it. I'm fine.
First Bath of a Stray Dog
Hope this hug was worth it
Positive side of lockdown? I cook!!
Are we okay? (I'm never sure.)
Now a father, not a dad.
Kiss me like im family babe
Empty chair. I am in despair.
Only hearses on the road now
I feel bad for being employed.
I kiss, but you're not there.
I probably just got ghosted... Again. 
Im immortal, but short a soul...
"For Christmas, we are lifting quarantine."
Tearfully eating chicken in his bathroom
Ok, ok, ok. Best of eleven?
"I didn't MEAN to stab you."
I shouldve pulled out! Dad screamed.
I loved you. Just not enough.
Babies have NO teeth. They chew.
Whatever happens, you're my "twincestuous" twin.
I made the Universe. You yelled.
Popsuckles and himneysickles were equally displeased.
Wait... you're fighting people for potatoes
iiiiiIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTttt's NEXT WEEK, you lizard's cunt!
God enjoys grass through cows..........
You: You cunts. Us: What now.
NOT to my knowledge, Blackbabe, no.
She's been writing songs ever since.
Why are you keeping us alive?
"Starve a COVID, feed EBOLA" -- Trump
Don't make boys into men, yet.
The daydreams are all I have
Hands separated. Cheeks reddened. "We're friends!"
2020: actually illegal to lose virginity.
Borne back, ceaselessly, into the past.
I sent message but no reply
This Summer's Gonna Hurt LikeA Motherfuc*er
A misinformed president; loosing the battle
The machine catches us all eventually.
Hapax legomena surround two hapax legomena.
Cloning machine invented; Scientists beside themselves
Even alone, I still cry silently.
Hello, we were here. We existed
Even your red haircut is violent.
Didnt notice beggar was his brother.
Imagine if you'd let me in.
Yay sunny day tomorrow! Sunny day....
I ate her poem with frosting.
He buried deep his broken promises.
Sobbing, she waits. "He'll come home..."
Sobbing she waits. "He'll be home."
Prep his bones with bacon, Peppa.
You fucked your mom's husband's wife.
Enjoy numerical nightmares? Try sleeping sober.
And you call Christianity fanciful? Wow.
And you call Christianity fanciful? Wow.
My theory is actually less fanciful.
the fuck isn't fanciful at this point
Whatever happens, happens. It fucking happened.
They're right. You're right. I'm neutral.
There's NOTHING wrong with my anus.
Carole Baskin, absolutely killed her husband.
The bullet missed me, unlike you.
Crowds gather and chill at morgue.
Man conquered by tiny brainless enemy.
Mass shooting causes minor fatality blip.
My doctor said, "It's an... it?"
"Nah, just allergies!" she whispered, feverishly.
We got sundaes! Dad ordered water.
She broke it, going too fast.
Saw the universe in a flower
The world is changing, into darkness
a loop! Holy shit I've created
I just need time to think.
I love you bug, thank's for everything!
Coming to terms, death is inevitable.
Needing 15 minutes more with you
Who are we, but our memories?
Sign in. Two new mails. Bills
So happy to have you. :^) Bitch.
I was strung from every steeple.
Two weeks lockdown;two kilos on
Taco Bell Nacho Tots. Coming Never.
Attempt 17, finally lost 9 kilograms!!
Butt who'll fill your butthole, Sensei?
Me? Planning on starving soon, yeah.
Woke up, the nightmare was real
Chef Boyardee: Boo. Fuck Your Ravioli.
"Berate My Cornholio: Butt Head Edition"
TEN followers bro. All porn stars.
Laugh with me, in various hemispheres
Trump memes, Trump memes, hopskipandajump memes
Papa... is a burp an unfart
Sumo wrestling is literally musical. Listen.
We NEED you to be KIND.
Don't kill me. Take me prisoner.
Still waiting for my white privilege.
I am the caged bird now.
Hope it is just a fart.
Im sorry... you didnt make it.
Research begets simulation. Simulation begets happiness.
Are we in Stalins Soviet Union?
Spending these nights, reminiscing those days
3020, man invents the undo machi
People should stop making such generalizations.
Glory hole closed due to coronavirus.
Missing in action: Vietnam lottery winner.
Streets were not like I remembered
I love the smell of lava
Six feet apart six feet under
The funeral will be on Zoom.
A cat. A rat. A gun
The hate was bigger than her
The hate was biggest than her
A cat. A rat. One gun
Streets werent like I remembered
Hahaha yes, theyre killing each other
Worst time to become an adult
Everyone is staying positive at hospitals.
When he died, no one cared.
The test results came back inconclusive
Your mom is great in bed
When he prayed, the devil answered
When she cried, the gods answered
mean words received . . invitation to another/s.
Heaven shouldn't be inspiration for kindness
when bored, don't eat, drink water.
Ring. Church. Groom. "Where is she?"
Your nightmare turned into my Hffenkuken
Bowling balls smell like weed... next
Whole shaved faculty just rejected us!
Had a harem before getting stabbed.
Mall will be revealed (yes, mall).
Who did he rape? You? Me?
I believed everything the necromancer whispered.
Never got to eat, fucking starving!
He woke up, wasnt human anymore
Esperancita, wash that fucking dish again
Speak English? NO??? Where... FUCKING... LIBRARY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I was wrong., said no dummies.
The hole bled. I plugged it.
18 and already starting to sag.
You can't grant me Down Syndrome.
Chaise for sale: Very worn, desolate.
One dick, one lick, we're out.
This next name will excite Elaine.
Yes, both children and some strawberries.
Jimmy doesn't know about today yet.
Read the original Easter egg hunt.
Yu st|e smeth|ng eIse that nlght
Shield yourselves. She's gone shaxagonal again.
The world isnt ending, we are
My niece writes these. She's three.
I love God. God loves freedom.
You stop muttering, I'll stop sputtering.
Be a hacker, not a hack.
Someone please stab me real quick
Facebook introduces a new 'stalk' button
That final insult turned me evil.
My thoughts are my worst enemy
I wish I could say it
Im a hallucination. said the cat.
The lazy river slowly turned red
We arent meant to be caged.
Bill Maher is an inside job
Im truly sorry for your loss
Homemade soup tastes more like bones.
Mummy, Rupert. My balls remain black.
Please escort the young virus upstairs.
Your house exploded................... "because of women."
Man: "I dominate." Woman: "We dominate."
Moaning? Moaning? Moaning? Moaning, really? Moaning?
That new Dylan song's FUUUUUCCCKKED (Bob)!
Six-word stories benefit from gore, Eloise.
Succumb to your lungs, Alaskan Dunderfuck.
Don't want it? Don't accept it!
Ran out of groceries, then stores
"Woof!" Somewhere inside, the thermometer beeped.
Hold on how many is six again?
Dark alleys near schools work best..
This subbreddit is actually pretty cool.
The end times are now. Pray.
Italian restaurant. Crime. Blood. Neapolitan sauce.
Test came back, negative for father
After all sad years, smile appeared
Tainted cake; please cover your nose.
"Get well soon." Sent, never read.
"I Loved", but I still miss.
Fuck off. is whatya needa say.
White couple. Black baby. Successful adoption.
With umbrella, didnt rain; Without, rained.
Fuck off. is whatcha needa say.
Sometimes, you needa say fuck off.
Ive finally found her, buried alive
Poke the beehive. "Make honey, fuckers!"
5 of 6 bullets were blanks
"Pebble in my shoe! Guys, stop."
What are these? Stories for ants?
I wish the afterlife was real.
Joe Exotic pardoned, goes full Perot.
Why is my hurt not real!?
Vote casted, awaiting results, seriously? SHIT!
Go away now. Let Daddy bleed.
Gun bought, drugs taken, trigger pulled.
Eastern virus arrived, Easter celebrations cancelled
This road never felt so lonely
Theyre down under for a reason
"Stop!". The President lifted his finger.
Escaping isnt cowardice, but having guts
How things had gotten completed...
Its here now. Pray for us.
I dont think well meet again.
New day, dinosaurs was still there
Escape isnt cowardice, but having guts
Virtual Seder: afikomen hidden on Minecraft.
"Marry me?" The diamond was microscopic.
I think I am someone else.
Their screams brought me satisfaction.
Crumbs once again swept under rug.
She laughed, trapped in the past.
We have your butthole on video.
You queefed? More like queefed/confessed.
You wanna confess now, tweetface, or....?
Go eat yolk burritos, you egg!
You are nothing, and my everything
You owe me six jellybeans, fuckface.
Either three baths, or two "superbaths."
Republican coronavirus cases surpass four strap-illi-on
My daughter made me smoke..... worms?
You know about NOTFOX....... right, Mom?
Fauci: VACUUM YOUR COCKS. Trump: OBAMA!
The screams finally ended. All dead.
Is this really the end? Maybe.
Were running out of supplies. Help.
We closed the ward. Too contagious.
Doctor, please save my life. Please.
All the other patients are missing.
Mom nodded. "Wear the dress, son."
They knew me by your skin.
Holmes scoffed. "Poirot is fictional, Watson."
Ambulance symphonies no longer alarm us.
Two little hands, crimson and callused.
HAPPY: Hoping Anyone Personally Prefers You
People used to DRIVE cars?! Dangerous!
You can never hold back spring.
Isolation works. Release COVID-19 Phase 2.
Wanna go on a FaceTime date?
Quarantine's been over for weeks. Fuck!
It was the summer about personalities
The elephant was still there Caroline
Suddenly, he noticed that big pimple
Movies girl, was all he had
No way that baby is mine
Horrifically, Covid-19 was Nature's trial run
Seaside Beach Closed. Locals? No Ma'am.
Cherry blossoms beauty was left unseen.
No written rules against seven word stories.
Dont leave me. Haunt me, please.
Remember, Epstein did not kill himself
He'll do as he do do.
Y'all fishin' titty dicks. Ya'll expectorartin'.
Best friends became the perfect match.
Cut off my right hand. Finally.
It blames itself for what??? NOTHING?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
Screaming in my face is bad.
Great act, but still arrested though.
You were all I ever wanted
"Neesh." "Nitch!" "Eets French, niche" "Pretentious!"
Adios, and something else. she said
This time, the body was gone
And suddenly, she was alone there
I wish youd told me earlier
I'm sure this time is different
Never say that name again... EVER!!!!!!!!!!
Feelings unspoken, Kisses untasted, Life unfulfilled.
You shouldnt of lied to me.
Masks nearly gone. No use anyway.
"What?" A triangular fin surfaced. "BEHIND!"
He lied, he died, she cried.
p.s: I was falling in love
cough cough I'm fine cough cough
Virus Cured: dont hold your breath.
And with them all, panic ensued.
Not all my friends are dead.
Sick Nazi votes for Jew. Lives.
Centuries of warfare, in one soup.
At least ghosts can't fuck... right?
This was 1903. Before Popeye comics.
"You'll be dead by Christmas." -- Billie
I was getting LESS than NOTHING.
Everything was great, then it wasn't.
Take this, and become a billionaire.
Why cant you love me again?
Birds chirped. Chalk collided. "Pay attention!"
Soon, you'll find a better person
If I die. I die heroine
This world is not my home.
Last movie this embarrassing had Ewoks.
Your house exploded... "because of women"?
Peeing wasn't banned, Jocelyn. Pooping was.
Take some. I have almost twenty.
Take twice a day only...weekdays?
The call came from my house.
Trembling, she struck. The spider stained.
It is as it once was.
Its impossible to fulfil my potential
My life story better in fiction.
That's the end of that game!
Just be yourself. Who am I?.
All flowers blossom. All blossom falls.
I embraced you before we touched
The best hunters hunt without dogs
It is as it was.
Uniforms. Conversations died. Nobody looked up.
I waited 0.00001 years........... for thiiiiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS....................................................
Strutting Man Wasn't Strutting, Was Concussed
You can't love letters AND numbers...
Why? Because I enjoy your company.
Army wife 4 tomahawk bruise missile
Was he a hero or madman?
Older. Independent. Still want my Mom.
Can do anything but be happy.
He died from a shaving accident.
sucked her toes. tasted like shit?
"Coronavirus? It's a hoax.", she coughed.
Competition for jobs/housing dropped dramatically.
Its just me, again, over here.
Its just me again down here.
Nowhere, travel became obsolete in 2021.
It's not evil, it's just schadenfreude.
"Unionize the YouTube Creators Guild, NOW!"
For sale You Tube covid cure.
Zha Zha Gabor Officially Resigns Presidency
"Thought you retired." "Thought you drowned."
I'll take Thanos winning over 2020.
"That's some bullshit" " 'BULLshit?!' bullSHIT 'Bull-Shit' "
Murder witness. Evening walk. Crows nesting.
Look inside yourself while staying in.
Crib for sale: never been used
So Earth is fasting until Easter...
Mountains appeared out of dirty air.
Her "disloyal" father is a virgin.
Hello? 911? Ive just been murdered.
"Should I be worried?", "No! ... Maybe."
My dad left to buy cigarettes.
"I'm going out to buy cigarettes."
That's my blood. Don't drink that.
She needs to see it. Visually.
Dry winters kill. Dry springs annihilate.
She....... helps. In a bad way.
Its not you, its me. Bullshit.
Humans kill humans every. SINGLE. Hour.
We kill every minute. Every second.
"Where's my penis?" "Always right here."
"I'm pregnant. It's not your child."
I'm pregnant. It's not yours.
Cabbie hat tabby cat happy taps!
"Blessing in disguise" said the survivors.
Not butter, huh? Fool me once...
I published my book: Mein Kampf.
Do you know Joe, your honor?
Death is just life around here
I am kind, therefore well respected.
I have a fever. . . More cowbell
My thoughts cave in on me
Today I learned a woman's threat
They all rushed outside and screamed.
Theres no distance in the cloud.
Government: "Stage 12 restrictions commence at midnight"
Convince stores, are no longer convinient
The brain knows, the heart denies.
Why was I born so young?
There shouldn't be coffins that small.
World hunger ends. Population drops 50%.
No ones left to bury me.
My coronavirus test came back positive.
The apocalypse shouldnt be this boring
Coffee, not your cup of tea
I transnighted working for a con
She won't come back, he told himself.
An old-fashioned phone call. Million thanks!
Why Mother? It taste kinda weird
I came. I saw. I failed.
The beautiful silence in the city.
9 shots of espresso per day
You are invited to my funeral.
That little coffin is my favourite.
The pet hospital was too expensive.
Birthday party held in funeral attire.
Mom: the only angel I know
Time of death: 08:20, undeath; 09:12
I was once destined for greatness.
I just died painfully, worth it.
And afterwards he died very violently
I could do anything, except you
What really matters you is important!
Fortunately their legs opened right up.
Like nothing could ever hurt us
Nine eleven nine times over: coronavirus.
coronavirus death toll: three nine elevens
Dont worry. Be happy. Stay inside.
Nachos, chopped(tomatoes, onions), lemon juice
The American population reached 1960's levels.
Oof this is the big sad
Stop pretending, you never loved me
Never have I ever, actually tried
Life moves fast, Im too slow
I never understood why, until now.
Weve lost our sense of normalcy.
Child is grown. Dream is gone.
When you hear those bells, RUN
It takes a life to love
The reef was underneath my bed
The final puzzle piece didn't fit.
Skynet introduces reduced work hours bill.
He did not see that coming
I should have hugged you harder.
Embrace. Engage. Hold. Hug. Inspire. Infect.
They keep getting up after dying.
These four walls are my world.
Cloaked mouth shelters light and love.
The mirror people wanted to kiss.
Home is where the lungs are.
The filters changed her face- irreparably.
Coughed once. Lost three day's work.
Who knows someday youll fly high
He came back from the dead
Legend says someday he will return
Mask your feelings. Youre alone forever.
Lockdown, Nowhere to Hide, Save Me!
*Ahem* Rwanda, meet Virginia. Virginia, Rwanda.
And Case never saw Molly again.
He brought such magnificent horrors here
After that, our paths never crossed
Technically, all eggs are egg-shaped, Hyphen.
You heard right. Robot AND soup.
"Spirit Numeral BZHK doesn't exi-" "Shhhhh."
I did remember! But not anymore.
Wash dishes... for free??? Wash this.
We got married, then died inside
Stix stowns, coff ... PANIK ! brek helt
We were healthy. Orphaned at 24.
Duty called, but I didn't answer.
He is sunlight,she the sunflower
I gave up before I started.
You die, I die, everybody die.
For her, six words aren't enough.
6 feet apart, you will leave
Your angels insisted, youll be fine.
Embrace: An image of your eyes
Turns out it is immensely boring.
She kept smiling, that damned smile
Working from home is so sick
No more birthday sex for you
I'm such a fool for you
Raindrops never feel responsible for floods.
Now nothing more than another corpse.
Friday: married her. Sunday: burying her.
And we were strangers once again
Lost the path, found the Oasis.
Skyscrapers silently fell without available ears
I open the Airbnb fridge. Passports...
Your dick sucking floozies have arrived.
Married and Im still sleeping alone
My ovontrakin was never your simonlakin.
Lord, make his waifu leave him.
Every body has a different taste.
go on reddit NO SIX STORYS
you look downstairs theres blood everywhere
Human sleep is wonderful, yet rare.
We will be okay. I think.
I'm cool with kittens hating Nazis.
New kings, fresh banners, same slaves.
Telecommuted with kids home, drinking tonight...
I open the Airbnb fridge. Passports...
The name's Andromeda, you bucktoothed fuck.
The dead junkie looked familiar. Dad?
How you doing up there dad?
Ten word limit? Tentter, obviously. NEXT
My Tongue is thirsty for noise.
"[phrase resulting in the most firings]"!
Lilee is sniffing her wet diaper.
My dog sees the real me.
Gabe nailed it. Yes he did.
Mumble rap? We deserve our fate.
Worst human: purposely spreading covid. Die.
Cough pranksters: hang them by balls.
New Trigger: Coughing obnoxiously. Sentence: Death.
I identify as a sloppy vagina
Shes my mountain. Im her pickaxe.
Hair looks good. Shame Im quarantined.
Sign: Buy-one-get-one-free! Shelf: one item left.
Top Ten Viral Trends of 2020
First contact: Humanity's time to hide
"I resent her." "Her?" "My mother."
Were all in this together, separately.
Tied up and tickled to death.
Parkour was his wife. She? Mistress.
Six words stories, six words comments.
Next weekend: back-to-back funerals
Blam! And I watched myself disappear.
COVID-19 priority testing for the powerful
People aren't who they claim they're.
One word. Never meant. Doesnt change.
I drank alone, staying at home.
Quarantine day 5. Quarantine day 6.
I've never felt closer to you.
Love it? Let it be free.
Euphoria and suicidal. That is bipolar
Tumor inoperable. Dog bed for sale.
Human countermeasures ineffective, preparing ground invasion
Tests positive. Hands up. Dont move.
That shit was poking at me.
Youre positive. Hands up. Dont move.
Tassel never turned. Graduation ceremony cancelled.
Well do better on planet 2.
Antivaxxers quiet. Waiting to spin narrative.
Good morning. I really miss you...
Toilette paper fort collapses. One fatality.
Party kills voter base. Blames opposition.
One wish, one soul, last chance.
I havent seen what you are
He aint much for this world
If anyone's unappreciative, I am, fuckface.
OK ill see my self out
No longer apex predator, I cried.
"I am property of McDonald's" -- Cow
Pushed aside, corrupted... caterpillar eyes erupted.
"I'm suing you! I'm--" "Ya lost."
Population Control by Way of Pandemic
You'll live longer than you should.
I came, I saw... I'll pass.
Cop: "Don't fight. Please. Your family."
Sleepy? Don't sleep. Just SMACK-=-SMACK
After three years: "You okay?" "Yeah."
When you die, Jesus "shears" you.
I haven't touched my face EVER
My vagina shocked everyone silly, Mama!
..., but he has the best doctors.
 ...but, he has the best doctors.
Vice president, aliens, s&amp;m tonight news
I gave life to my killer.
Love you- Oh shit, wrong person...
I'm gonorrhea free! ... Sorry, wrong chat.
Take all money.. Doctor!! Save me...
Sneezed in public.. Everyone started running..!
You've already infected ninety people purposefully...
HIRING: Life-Threatening Work, Minimum Wage
My darkest hour I found you
All men are pedophiles and rapists.
All men are rapists lol
She gave birth to my fucktoy.
Spring break? Lost job. Spring broke.
Stay home. Please just stay home.
Expected $1000 dollars. Received 1000 rubles.
Expected $1000 dollars. Received $1000 rubles.
Your Peers have found you Guilty
You see what you started, Ozzy?
Thats crazy shes strong like ox
That beer made everyone really sick.
Coughed to leave early; was fired.
They knew. They didnt tell you.
Last work day. Thanks Corona Virus.
But Im too angry to die.
I'm not a rebel. Six words.
I wasn't THAT hungry. Were you?
Out of toilet paper, goodbye socks.
Aliens landed. Saw nobody. Promptly left.
YOUR shortness of breath? Whoooaoaaaoaoaoahhhhhhh, sorry.
Friday and nothing BUT FUCK to _________..........
How could you let her go?
I still get scared at night
It was a dream, Im alive
And it was going so well
The true elites never reveal themselves.
You either protect or you provide.
Most wanted terrorists: ADHD, Aspergers, Anxiety.
Aliens: Time to get some popcorn.
All tied up, the fun begins
Been a tough year this week.
Play God, because God hasn't played.
Time travel banned due to biohazards.
No one knew me at school.
Firearms are more useful than icelegs.
Today I will die once again.
Update Computer? ... Remind me later. Heh
New medication's working; the voices stopped
Installed the extension table for two
Orwell watches as 2020 becomes 1984.
they kept trying... it didnt work.
He tested negative. She couldn't know.
Coronavirus: dress rehearsal for the Apocalypse
Stop dreaming. Take control. Block him.
Don't use Reddit for personal validation.
The crime still baffles the police
Her smile; a beginning and the end
Ras Al Ghul: economics, our weapon.
But this time she hit back
...and that finally fixed Social Security.
But this time she left him.
Government swears it sent out checks.
The last memory faded too quickly
This subreddit is weird, have sex
So, so... cold... and then, warm?
Infected. Bleeding. Running. Theyre coming... Fast.
Nature strikes back ! Man is scared..
Spread your wings, my little butterfly.
Recovered patients seen biting hospital staff.
Trust me son, orgies are overrated
#ChangedMyMiddleNameToAmazon
No C.L.O.N.E.R. sells cheaper cloning machines.
Let's keep smoking until we die.
I saw lights then the road
Regret and pain over hobby choice
Too much madness in March 2020
Every four years, tragedies suspended elections.
You want it off, earn it
AHH AHH CHEW!!! Why you sonuva..
- I do! -I do! -I object!
Oh no, im missing a part
Monster Truck Rally! (free parking inside)
I waved goodbye to my skin.
One cough, three dead, eighty Quarantined...
Social distancing. They finally came closer.
Nobody deserves your  but 
That's my blood. Don't drink that.
Grandparents can't even BE virgins, dumbass.
Not today, dont give me hope.
I like dogs more than people
"not to get political or Anything..."
Heh! Is that all you got?
Picked my tombstone, refused to cry
please dont leave me here again
If you cough, I will leave.
"Sergeant. Cigarette, please?" "Kid, you're eighteen."
Ruby slipper malfunction; now in Nome
Roosters laying chickens; chickens laying eggs.
"What stage, director?" "Stage four, sadly."
Virus killed our voters! Results invalidated!
One empty nest, two broken eggs
Love in the Time of Corona
Poured cereal. Sadly, no more milk.
He was supposed to propose yesterday.
Breaking: NASA discovers our real home-planet
Hope apologised for giving false information.
To live is to accept death.
I can do this all day
Yes I do miss her sometimes
Wasnt the virus that killed you.
A lovely cheese pizza. Just me.
Without spice, you become seasonally depressed.
The crystal ball shows no future.
My bodys gone
A World not needing any soldiers...
I guess I just miss you.
I'm finally going to jump today.
The name's Latin for 'wise man'.
The scars ran down his arm.
Tiny eggs hatched from my pores.
Spiders. Trapped. Wiggling within me. Escape.
All my thoughts are drowning me.
With medicine, the friends fade away.
I too wanted to be happy.
Dad's been nicer since the Alzheimer's.
She's receiving death threats from Christians.
Spiders laid their eggs in me.
My dunks invite punks to Pranksgiving.
"Coronavirus" spelled backwards/forwards is "Lent."
I choke old people. You're welcome
Everyones lovable. Wish that was true.
Whod take get dinner sometime? seriously!?
He has another yet craves her.
I wish I still loved you.
God just said yeet this year
I can tell you are happier
Six words? What could I say?
Town bike decides to change gears.
Do cats experience extreme deja-vu?
Fido made the tastiest hot dogs.
Vienna art school killed millions unknowingly.
Funny how things work ehh Adolf?
Tell her I've found someone else.
His first girlfriend who wasn't delivered.
Platypus shows God's sense of humour.
All diaries end before they should.
Ready? Think so. Happy Birthday Grandma!
Her hair moved like mercury. Dangerous.
"!" is all I heard officer.
$20 $$$40 $$$$$$$$$$60 $$$$$$80 $$100 RIP.
The curtain drew a lovely picture.
The whale beached in her thong.
Sail for Sale. Shipshape. Contact Ishmael.
Fir for Sale. Please contact Douglas.
What gives? Usually opens first try.
The End. How did he escape?
First AID couldn't help his HIV.
Two blonde twins. Pair of headaches.
"chicken, CHICKEN?!!" was his last words.
KY Jelly. Not suitable for desert.
Silent comedy made the audience roar.
Mushrooms are making me pINk ElePhAnt.
Richard was just Dick to her.
The loud music played to silence.
"@#$%&amp;!". What did you call me?
7$%h!hxsk. Nonsense and you know it.
His car obsession drove her away.
Girl (57). Young at heart. Desperate.
Car crashed into graveyard. No deaths.
We're terrified. His gun glistens. Now!
1+1=3. Happily married.
KGB bugged the wrong pornstar again.
Everything changed after walls grew ears.
Imaginary dreams make the best memories.
Girl of my dreams, she said.
Hi. Offline. Damnit. Try again tomorrow.
Making love to me ends sudde
Jesus, what happened to your face?
What if, Homer, in a coma.
For sale: baby shoes. Used once.
Cancelled date. Its not going anywhere.
"A-n-t-i-d-i-s-e-s-t-a-b-l-i-s-h-m-e-n-t-a-r-i-a-n-i-s-m." "P-n-e-u-m-o-n-o-u-l-t-r-a-m-i-c-r-o-s-c-o-p-i-c-s-i-l-i-c-o-v-o-l-c-a-n-o-c-o-n-i-o-s-i-s." "L-l-a-n-f-a-i-r-p-w-l-l-g-w-y-n-g-y-l-l-g-o-g-e-r-y-c-h-w-y-r-n-d-r-o-b-w-l-l-l-l-a-n-t-y-s-i-l-i-o-g-o-g-o-g-o-c-h!" "Okay! You Win."
Tears. Won't cum. Please save me.
Civic Racecar Rotator Rotator Racecar Civic
Thought we were alone. We weren't.
His muffled screams slowly died down..
Joke., Crystal celebrated Crystal Anniversary, alone.
April asks May, ...June or July?
Crash economy. Buy cheap. Fix economy.
Im eating hare, not hair.
I wish her words where true.
Magazines fell out of his bookbag.
Im sorry. I burnt your turtle.
Dead on arrival. Precious mind gone
all I want is a friend
For what it's worth, it's not.
He wouldve been six this April.
What a fool! Said another fool.
Love you best when you say...
Love you, Emily. Anna stormed out.
I'm your PRIEST... who are YOU?
Jesus resides in our GUMS, chompfucks.
Yea . . . I only know one spell
Don't confuse my kindness for weakness.
"Secret ingredient?" She cackled, "Bitter almonds ".
Listing: Dog Collar, Used One Month
Corona virus source identified, Greta Thunberg
"The soup went cold. We're dead."
What you dont say matters more.
What you dont say matters more.
And with you, the light left.
I want Chinese. Closed on Mondays
Realizing I deserved better changed everything
Now right backwards reading are you.
Your suicide note has a typo, dumbass.
I never knew I worked secretly.
... His eyes struggling, adjusting to light...
Looks like its the end, friend.
Mass hysteria started the end... fools.
A loveless divorce would be easier.
Money on the table. She nodded.
For once, all the fools agreed.
Across the room, their eyes connected.
Marriage is the epitome of loneliness
The walls will not stop talking.
I forgot I was lactose intolerant
Its the last book, isnt it?
r/sixwordstories, or: lessons in unique punctuation.
Keep the halo. No longer needed.
She left, so I started cocaine
Being your hooman is the best.
frozen heart, a happy face; Depression!.
I created this self destructive storm
Imagining is addictive. "Frys with that?"
Please, Time, I am not ready!
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious supercalifragilisticexpialidocious supercalifragilisticexpialidocious supercalifragilisticexpialidocious supercalifragilisticexpialidocious supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
Need just three: "Living sucks energy"
"So dark". White guy enters nawlins.
Moon overrated. Mars sucks. Go Europa!
Humanitys greatest mistake was their curiosity.
Classifieds
I hate that I love you.
A father? But... I am sterile.
Your gun misfired; my turn now.
Ok, Im done after one more...
He is dead?Just like that?
Paying for it is less costly.
Supplements don't work like you think.
There was a boy who died
Didnt Uber. Now driven by hearse.
"I love you." message not sent
So much to say, so little ||&lt;truncated&gt;
This time, don't step on butterfly.
I want YOU to want ME!
Please, he whimpered, anything but that.
I married you because Im lonely
Wonder. Wondering. Working. Weary. Wasted. Whoosh.
Five employees. One toilette. All suspects.
Again the cat simply ignored her
Remember, your name is Mary now.
Aerosol, not airborne - difference is huge.
Once honeyed lips now spat venom
Flag folded, he gulped, then knocked.
French fry my frozen gondola, Skip!
Whoever DavidSpaded her anus, that's who.
Started college at 47 years old
Shit's getting political with the dog
They lifelessly clutched bloodstained white flags
Tonights our 60th, table for one
Nineteen Corvids cawing "it's CORONA damnit!"
Father gasped from her left hand.
Dear younger me, life gets better
The rope was taut; like Dad's.
Hush, now. Money talks... wealth whispers.
This solitude is not by choice
Just don't quit your day job.
The great pyramids landed, needle down.
You're gonna meme this thing sideways.
Don't fly me? You'e a KITE!
Monday dipped. Wednesday slipped. Friday flipped.
Frozen Kronies the night BEFORE Himstermomies?
Frozen kronys before Mitzkatronies? Nah.
Her tasteful anus bralamed Amos's heinousness.
Won't've 68 but I'llll pay 99999000000009900000
The Klingons have always hated... the...
Who here has DavidSpaded her anus
YOU HAVE TO WORSHIP GOD FOREVER
Since everyone has a different sense of smell, with different likes/dislikes, etcwe will never experience or know exactly how we smell to others.
Lets get high and take selfies.
10 Curb 9.9 Seinfeld no @
Never forget how paranoid we are.
They weren't humans, they were dancers
Burning in a cold winters sun
Ben's brother bought beautifully broken bins.
Whats up, man? Nothing much. Honestly.
And things, as things do, changed.
White light, see it, fades away
Tried to understand semicolons; still confused.
Sweetie, grab another beer for Daddy.
I Hope it's just a dream
Stop running, hes human too.
This is your captain. Im sorry.
He wasnt ignoring you. Car crash.
Blogpost, Breitbart, Fox, Twitter, Constitutional Amendment.
"Let's get married after we survive."
I was fine, until I wasnt.
Who broke your heart this week?
Suck on my three inch cock!
Greta Thunberg anagram? Bath gun regret.
Jesus returned. Nooses now replace crucifixes.
Shit, I have that feeling again... 0_0
Wishing we lasted. Wishing and dreaming.
He'd thought it was a sex-robot
I am gonna die a Virgin...
EMERGENCY ACTION NOTIFICATION, SEEK SHELTER IMMEDIATELY.
Hand sanitizer and soap gone. Fuck!
She expected too much. He didn't
For today, I choose to live.
Lame Six-word Stories are stories too!
Jan. Relax. We're alone. You're Ahhhhhhhhh!
He choked her throat. She orgasmed.
Scarecrows standing around dead bodies decomposing.
Is he disintrested or just clueless?
His digital mistresses ruined their marriage.
"There's no reason to stay anymore."
Sneering, the policeman unplugged his camera.
Getting challenged, rebels with indifferent cowardice
My dog had never growled before.
It took us 5 years.
He left for college. They separated.
Last words: Look, it's not loaded!"
No fear my dads not here
Our brain is different, thats ok
Youre all fools. All of you!
Apartments are meant to keep apart
Thing I took for granted again.
stuck in a time loop! Im
This Time? "Oops!" or "It worked!"?
Learned to doubt mentors I trusted.
My Dom Had Drinks with Dad
The wolves howl; I shiver imperceptibly.
Reconciliation makes anothers death even harder.
Mice lie and monkeys just exaggerate.
I contracted coronavirus through my butthole.
I baptised him in hot oil.
"We're nice parents! You got food!"
*bouncing noise* oh no, my potato...
This sentence is five words long.
Love might save you, not me
What's her face. It's her birthday.
I couldt save you, only me
I was promised deaths sweet release
I will never get another dog
His hunger will never be satisfied.
Okay, just one more tequila shot.
Trump contracts Coronavirus. In critical condition.
Being human makes me a monster.
Half Life Three. Worth the wait.
We got used to the dark.
Charles, 40, waiting for Father's return
Charles, 40, waiting for father's return.
until you love yourself my ass
Old school get destroyed by Communism
Annoy a whole sub, using seven words
Good News! No more cleaning litterboxes.
Small dogs have little man syndrome.
It burns when I pee. Fuck.
Found purchase. I'm saved. Climbing out.
I'ma need about fliftwelfm flountain Obamas
A mouse bit my biased vagina.
No one knows. NO ONE cares.
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
Tell me to rip him apart.
Wait, I just saw you upstairs
Don't come to work. Not needed.
My dream house is a grave.
Fourth divorce. Im the common factor.
Remember you from highschool. Wish not.
Tether cut. Oxygen out. Goodbye, cosmonaut
Bought yesterday's lottery numbers. Hilarity ensues.
Pity you broke a romantics heart
A romantic in a realist's novel
I reigned power. Worlds were destroyed.
I brained my wife: finally silent.
"We're done, terminate the Earth session."
None so blind... youll see soon
Her love, opening hearts and minds.
*Cough* It's only a cold, honest.
It actually wasn't Benicio del Toro.
Definitely in love, maybe too much.
Democracy stolen; call in Nicholas Cage.
I thought we all died, eventually.
I bet shes prettier than me. Q
Shotgun wedding, everyone has a shotgun.
Someone shat in the urinal again.
Please let go. I'll be okay.
For Lent,I've given up Lent.
Baby disposed. Nutted six times already.
Shes been high for ten years.
I really need someone to love.
I need to get a life.
Am I being manipulated?? -who farted?
Obituary Retraction. Curfew Resumes. Another Murder.
18 years was just too long.
I've already had my last meal.
I AM manly enough to punch.
Mrs. Robinson. you're try'na Blue Sea.
My heart is Christ's. GEEEEEEEEEEETSTSTST THIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIISTSTSTSTST.
"Please don't!", "It's necessary" I said
"It was necessary", dropping the knife.
Modern loneliness, never alone always depressed
Coronavirus sued by Mexican trademark lawyers
Now they call him "Pickle Swinger."
Last seen online: Eight years ago
Millions dead due to a typo.
"So sorry folks..." CUT THE CAMERAS!
He knew his murderers name. Mom.
Disability Status: At the government's convenience.
i have an unrelated erection babe!
apple banana cornbread cake with meat
"$10 billion per seat?" Elon asked.
I faked it, the whole time!
Donaudampfschifffahrtselektrizittenhauptbetriebswerkbauunterbeamtengesellschaft is technically only a word.
They loved him, especially when fried.
I did not do the sucks!
Dont hurt me like the others
I fake my orgasm when masturbating
"Stop! I can't afford an ambulance!"
Reticent heart said something love something
Despite it all, he chose escape
Love that dies deserves a grave.
No one will find her body.
Im a nice guy, he claims.
Humans continued to parasitize the Earth...
At midnight, the train parted tracks
I can make that jump, probably.
Ehh, I cant be bothered *Boom*
My unsent text couldve stopped him.
Redditors here don't like to upvote
It is toxic, but also wonderful?
He only claims to be nice.
Come. This world here was inspiring.
Letter unsent, now trampled in mud
Status - Married filing jointly. Enough said.
The Super says they got evicted.
She simply punched my open mouth
I am a piece of shit
"This will all end in tears..." - Marvin
Chris Hansen knifed The Predator dead.
Every criminal was once a victim
Run. It is coming for you.
Every criminal was once, a victim.
All these snowmen and vampires, sun
His emotional blocks. My stubbed feelings.
"Jackie Chan wins! Flawless Victory! FATALITY!"
I love you, my strawberry boy
New day, a blank page. Write.
'Is WHAT Was Offended? 'IS CUNT!
"Burrito" is just a dumb................... Burrito!
From inside the coffin came whistling
They wrestled strangely, like greased-up robots
Time stood still, then woozily collapsed
Some apples don't fall, they're taken
My invisible friend just got arrested
My daughter, involuntary mistress of goodbyes
You want to be happy? Be!
The real me left a note
Beers. Weed. Laughs. Shits. Headaches. Repeat.
Once Upon a Time. The end.
Influencers died a painful death. Retweet!
Ideas gone four words ago. Influencer?
All this time you read minds?!
Shes idolized, but not loved enough.
Reality ended but my thoughts didn't
You choose not to choose me.
Love came, love went, scars remain.
we couldn't stop them. i'm sorr-
He came, she didnt, he left
I enjoyed nibbling on Spock's ears.
He stole my heart! And colon...
Hes an Angel! Not mine though
Absolute Radiance but with Broken Nail
This sub is garbage. Sorry, unsubbing.
FaceID failed. Bruised face too bloody.
There's too much life in me.
Fine! One Bakers Chocolate square each.
The World fell quiet. I screamed.
I know one true darknessme.
They survived long past the impact.
To my surprise, I understood Mandarin.
It was not meant to be...
It wasn't meant to be...
In the moonlight, we lie still.
It was! But not for me.
Thats my Mom. The con artist.
Crimson Parachute For Sale, Naturally Coloured
Faile to hold my brains an .
Your Queen or your village, choose.
"I'm Batman," the sad orphan whispered.
Alzheimers came before the grandchildren did.
I trust you to pull out.
Dropped my antibiotic, three second rule?
Tears carve like the Grand Canyon.
You live in books. Come play!
More strange anemic patients, Dr. Dracula?
My soul is tired. Im done.
"You deserve someone better. Not me."
Realizing I deserved better changed everything
The new world, everyone's an Oprah.
Doctor: "I'll do it for free."
Round trip ticket? No, one way.
my boyfriend's husband loves me too
My boyfriend's husband loves me too
They never found the pilot's body.
"The goodest." Her tail wagged again.
I wouldnt choose you either, Mom
I love you, but I'm sorry.
They wouldn't speak for nine days
A grape? Put it back, thief.
Theres not another one like... *crash*
My child lived longer than me.
Loomster wasn't afraid on this day.
"C'mon, there are" "Wait! That many?!"
Can I just... invade her room?
Answer keys gone! exclaimed the acer.
Lotta jet crashes tonight. Who cares?
"Yes, Mother! They're called vaginas." Puh-lease.
Fool me thrice? Shame on Ke$ha
Fool me thrice? Shame under you.
"Where?" Where everyone knows my name."
"The man is not moving again."
"Take me to the top floor..."
Say cheese!!! She removed her glasses 
Stop Knocking My Brain Every Morning
... Madam, your baby is a plant.
Hey! That is not your purse!
Hollow eyes, empty duty, tormented mind.
Hes up for adoption. No thanks.
How are you? Sold the house.
Witcher 3, Death March! no Quen.
Daddy left the gun cabinet unlocked.
Missed my train. Couldn't say goodbye.
Spicy food... My asshole, it burns!
Unfrozen, time seeped over the hill.
"I'll find love someday" i joke.
I love you for leaving me.
"Pardon, can't read. What's this? ..! F-freedom?!
He hits you out of love.
Its because he loves you. Liar!
"mommy? why daddy sleep in box?"
Please, get away from that ledge.
Lets start afresh.  No thank you.
Found my love. Shes still lost.
Shy life, untouched grave, vengeful death
Eat. Shit. Eat. Shit. Eat. Shit.
Nice dick, bigger than your brothers.
Just a reminder to love yourself.
Just a reminder to love yourself.
"We found another. You're not alone."
Give yourself time to heal, it's important.
Nothing comes with force, let go.
Mother died. At birth. Perfect murder.
We found another. You're not alone.
Actually, the divorce was your fault
Life came to a full stop
Woman found dead, husband wasn't surprised.
Hi dying help me, Im dad.
Joy and contempt, my favourite feelings.
Anxiety won today, I'm skipping school.
Today Suzie learned cockroaches could fly
Come on, just one more game
Hair cascade, eye flash. She rises.
dont look behind you, trust me
"Let's try, please" "no" "ok so"
Grandma usually never sleeps this long.
Do you-? No. Friends? Sure. ...No.
You miss your father? Every day.
Hold up! Was this a date?!
A C?! But, Dad- Not. Acceptable.
500 words. Describe yourself. Good luck!
Twenty fights, nineteen wins, first loss.
Let me in, babe- Get lost.
Let me in, babe- Leave. Fine!!
Mayday! Sinking, no supplies, no lifeboats!
I tried to be strong. Failed.
S.O.S. No supplies. No water. Please.
They attack the coast at dawn.
Singing Sweetly, Tearfully Goodbyes, Bye Mama.
Word Association
They almost thought I was normal.
Father. Your confession's overdue. Let's talk.
Boomer. Im your mom! Ok boomer.
Strawberries 6 words
Sometimes, even words cant explain feelings.
Last parachute is yours. But- Go!
Petting, watching adorable goats five-star experience.
My daughter is gay. Im proud.
Blue sky, blue veins, my life
Been a while since you confessed.
You may now kiss the bride.
Spread the word! Tyranny is dead!
I almost died, so I lied
For sale: Teddy bear, never hugged.
Youre Uncrowned but not to me.
Coffee before. Water during. Whiskey after.
Now we live among the stars.
Im stuck in a tree, help
People! Who requested six word porn?
"Stop it Daddy" ,she whispered sleepily
He just needed a mental break(down)
I've been fucked in the butt
Artificial heart replacement surgery: February 14
Why can't I see my reflection
Im tired of this depressing sub
Oh god my spleen is visible
Global painting contest winner: blind man.
The way we impacted each other.
Sweet Home Alabama. Come here, Sis!
Oh boy. It's waking up. Run!
Did you fuck the cow again?
I've grown tired of my tomorrows.
Best chums, sinking, sharks circling, chum
Scrambling for a sense of control
 Scrambling for the feeling of control 
The doctor slapped my mother instead!
Did our addiction bring us together?
I want you, no one else
I wanted you, not needed you.
Three Hundred and Sixty Five Days
I'm sorry mom. I love you!
Jack's Tamagotchi reincarnated as Billie Eilish
Was stopped in ascension to Godhood
will I ever regret doing this (lgs)
brother's birth certificate was their obituary
Unholy wrath of Adam's three wives.
"I can handle this!" He couldn't.
She slide closer. Tentacles caressed me.
He moved quickly, spear raised high.
Threw the party. First to leave.
Judgement day arrives. Judge Judy presides.
She asked once. But not twice
Many young people are looking for a job at beauty sites, the information Diva Spa recruiting many positions across the country will surely be very helpful for you. Let's explore right away. https://reviewspa.org/mo-rong-he-thong-diva-spa-tuyen-dung-nhieu-vi-tri/
My dogs paw crushed the garage.
No. The calls coming from inside.
Put a gun against his head
In my hallway painting demonic portraits
Away, closer, close. Too close. Gone.
Pull it out, or I will.
FINE. Two clues. Loyaltymeat plus ingrakliamintoskos
Which weapon is OK OK OK
You'll never be in this rectum.
Lately, he just stood there, forgetting.
"My turn." The decapitated head said.
I was Adam and Eve's chef.
Fine, go crazy on me, Heart.
Stop. There it is again... go!
Got food for my pet vultures
Another frozen night, exposed and alone.
I have become one of them.
I fight so I can live.
His arms fell off! Not again!
Feeling invisible in a crowded room.
They don't want me here anymore.
Despite the masked identity, he's transparent.
Signed worst contract for the best.
I bought immortality. The limited edition.
Each sip brought comfort and agony.
Heat Warning: Face Melting May Occur
Light the lamp. Redcoats are coming.
Red sprayed. A scream. "eyes! Sriracha!"
Today I ate frugally by choice.
As it sank, I held tight.
She's dangerous on the dance floor
Lord. Faith running low. Refill needed.
My realistic rubber tarantula caged momentarily.
Beatings shall continue until morale improves.
I was there, when you came
Improving, day by day by day
Trump tweets about do nothing groundhog.
"Can't you do it for free?"
A good song, ruined by TikTok.
Nobody remembers what the thing is.
The chainsaw finally hit my balls.
*Bzzzzzzzzzzz*... SMACK. Silence. And then: *Bzzzz*!
State of the Union, ripped twice
His last words? "Ow! My everything!"
Jack's not gay. Prison didn't care.
One message. HOTEL ECHO LIMA PAPA.
On the inside, he's an extrovert.
Menstruation makes cunnilingus much more delicious.
Whitecaps plunged. Plates slid to starboard.
Invitation: Time-traveler convention. Date: Yesterday.
Kill everyone! That's what Ouija said
KARMA is a bitch, BITCH it's karma.
Everything worsened after we got revenge.
She was never heard from again.
Kansas City, thirty-one, San Francisco, twenty.
Her suicide was her greatest gift.
Three fingers were all she needed.
Two were married, one was happy.
Battle of Manila: "Snipers are everywhere!"
No more sackcloth, no more ashes.
Mario Tennis Aces is surprisingly magnetic
Sir, it has awoken again, unfortunately.
What have we gotten ourselves into
"The mods are gay?" Yeah, right.
Things are looking up for us.
Call if by chance you change.
Her vagina is your worst nightmare
Did Thomas J get his glasses?
Lucifer told me to murder them
He was a friend of mine.
Why waste water on their planet?
Two beasts down, two to go.
Alone, she drifted in celestial goo
Found my place. Lost my sanity.
And then he said, well, actually...
There I stood, it happened again
I just think it's funny how...
Damn, this doesn't feel like thirty...
Die doing what you love: jaywalking.
"Dropped my glasses" A nasty crunch.
My shelter pets continuous, completing me.
Where is my mind? Never mind.
I miss my mind the most.
Swallow that accompanies bat hangs dawn.
Leave her. Take the orange one.
Trapped; awaiting death... Suddenly hope glistens
Wow, my car has superpower now
why's she screaming in her grave ?
Wayward ball. First hellos. Wedding bells.
My, how the tables have-- Dang.
Who fucked the dog? I did.
One shot. One kill. Endless fallout.
I did it again, Im sorry.
So difficult, finding a quality villian.
I had given you every chance
Now, just another inch...good dog.
That night, they were lonely together.
Gun loaded, one in the chamber.
I came as I stabbed her.
I came as I stabber her.
HA! I knew you were adopted!
I found your little stash, whore.
Stop eating. But Please. Tomorrow, okay?
100 enemies killed. 100 friends gained.
Dog whined. Master won't wake up.
What's in the box? My wife.
Personality? Like an irritable black hole.
Found watermelon on porch. Now what?
you killed me by birthing me
Old me is the young me.
Here is a tyrant; act accordingly.
He said, "Hi adopted, I'm Dad."
Strong like bull. Smart like ox.
He's finally dead. I'm lubing up.
The Rapture came. I'm so lonely.
Why death? Because life is overrated.
You want me to argue why?
Stranded Island. Im Hungry, Sorry Friend
"Average. Orange gills, seven tentacles. You?"
200 televisions brightened. The narrator appeared.
Quickly, it slithered up his nose.
you can never know my pain
Thanks for the gold, kind stranger!
Feces on the wall. Oh shit.
They look like monsters to you?
She knew love, and fire, once.
Im positive they dig your hat.
Yes sir, executing playlist First Contact.
No sir, the aliens wont land.
Her blood was on his face.
I ruined both of our marriages
The magical pixie cocked her shotgun
Sunrise again, wish it would not
Six words? Thats not possible.
Finally, she found it! All ashes.
Ridiculous. The wings are bolted on!
Time to battle for your life
It happen, I'm truly Alone today
What defines you is not definitive.
Touching his scars, remembering the euphoria.
Long Live The King, True Hero
Not stressed, Im fine... Ask again.
Nine months after Valentine's Day: Congratulations!
We were born on labor day.
When you complain, the machine placates.
The last funeral took place today.
NYE nuff said
falling in love, a painful process
Returning home safely; an underrated blessing.
I bent her over...saw balls.
Two pink lines. Life forever changed.
Voices thundering, eyes rolling, teenagers, right?
Four miles away yet worlds apart.
Jus' goin' fer a pack'a smokes.
"How to count to six?"
To bang before death Fuck-it List.
Artax, he whispered. Oh, My Artax.
All too young to leave us.
"Ouch, wrong hole you fucking asshole!"
I eat hotdogs for breakfast, bro!
I gotta be strong for him.
Life is always so devastatingly beautiful.
Twisting the knife felt surprisingly redundant.
Should I die or go home?
There are no demons, only people.
Told you it wasnt an ARG!
Three words  unreciprocated. Perfect plans: broken.
Breath frozen. Diamond skies. Black horizon.
Demon bargained poorly. Got one sole.
Used Spaceship: built by lowest bidder.
What a day to be alive.
She already climaxed. Now she's hungry.
Ouch! Wrong hole you fucking asshole!
I am not very good at counting.
I am very good at counting.
... You...
Her sweat, a welcome shower nonetheless.
Reality, or am I only dreaming?
Today is one very sad day
"You're fine". I said to myself.
Inhale, silence, exhale. Adrift in space.
It can't be Kobe! No way!
"Dude, you're just a single soldier!"
I repeat, i have been suffering.
Loving her slightly less, he persevered.
You don't feel like home anymore.
Blood was everywhere. She said goodbye.
Living is suffering. Death is mercy.
He lived a movie worthy life
Only one of them could survive
She smelled like Smarties. She's gone.
His heart would heal. In time.
He was completely wrong about her.
"Oh goody! The envelop turned orange."
She always drove way too fast.
More bodies!, the tenth batch now.
My blonde joke silenced the room.
Was it worth breaking my heart?
His penis shattered. The sculptor wept.
I thought this would shed tears
Forever haunted by what couldve been.
Loved, six foot in the ground.
My heart can find you anywhere.
This is not a good story
I have to count the words
The thrill of victory ends quickly
Grave sin buried six feet under.
Can't die, too much to do.
Immortality: A curse, not a blessing.
When you left, I stayed here
Jesus loves me... Yes he does.
Delicious! What is it? Baby soup.
A deep breath. My last one.
Just one night. Let me bleed.
After the laughter will come tears
Ive Been Born Again, Fear Me.
Stop stop stop: babys first words
She held her baby and cried
I stroked her hair. Mother gurgled.
Question: To be 1 or 0?
His wife no longer recognises him.
In one breath her empire collapsed.
Looking down, I could see myself.
I see what you did there...
Q: Is A B? A: C
Q: Is A B? A: Si.
Q: Is A B? A: See.
I am eating my CHICKEN, STEPHANIE!!!!!!!!!!!!
That used to be my name.
I'm disappearing. Nobody noticed it happening.
I lay dying, while you sleep.
Venn diagram? More like Venn derrieragram
Perforated ENOUGH though? Or just perforated?
She cant be replaced like I was.
What is your therapy?
You predict futures? Youre still alive?!
You a psychic? Youre still alive?!
Only the boat was found stranded
The truth didnt set me free.
Glance, click, then disappointment. Not r/sexwordstories.
Soon, only death will love me.
They said the voices were normal.
Wait. I thought you already knew.
"He was easier as a puppy."
Beautiful homes, full of broken people.
My Love Goes Bang, Bang, Bang!
Saved up for a motorbike. Crashed.
father been slaughter by his daughter
He wouldnt, would he? She knew.
Cold one. With boys. Never cracked.
Can I return this engagement ring?
They deserved an apology from me.
I wonder what THIS could mean!
Help Wanted: Broken heart. Inquire within.
My ex girlfriend does porn now.
Where am I? Oh, new apartment.
Nobody spoke on the way back.
I only see colors while dreaming
Joe has ligma he needs life
We continued birthdays, as a gesture.
He pitched a tent for her.
What's the cost of my freedom?
Ye Olde Nevere Playe Music Pub?
Years that didn't actually happen: 1963-
Leave without your phone. Wait downstairs.
Goodnight, they whispered, the mic muted.
She smiled for somebody else now.
25 rejections, 5 breakups, 1st wedding
Breathe, love. The monsters are gone.
A young boy becomes a werewolf.
For me, prison was an upgrade.
Hey, can I be your secret?
I want to steal somebody's soul
I killed bloody Mary's baby fool
I'm killed bloody Mary's baby fools
Touching the screen, *I feel you*...
Touching the screen, I feel you.
It's all a test. You're failing.
"I miss her...", his genitals sighed.
Befriend with your fear, pet it.
It's only a reflection, look within.
She was finally able to smile
Dear diary... I want to kill.
Alarm clock flies across the room.
6 cars.
I miss you so fucking much
She left me here all alone.
Stranger in the house! ...Hes me?
"Hello?" "hi."...but he was alone
Called your name. Silence answered me.
That's Earth. That pale blue dot.
Nobody thought to reread the comments.
Nobody knew to check the comments.
Happy birthday, friend...Wherever you are.
Catching my throat, he dazzled me.
Candy, Van, 6 oclock News, Pedophile Dead.
I feel him staring at me.
What happened to blood, our family?
I spotted him. He spotted me.
Officially one friend good for me.
Just remember: it stops hurting, eventually.
I forgot how to make friends
"Were you in Nam?" "No, Canada."
Searched above. It came from below.
Then, I died..... WORST. MORNING. EVER.
She's trying to help it REPRODUCE
He was cold, stiff, utterly unfamiliar.
I was guaranteed no more tricks,,,,
Ya shouldn'ta beened such a dumbass.
Eighty-Thousand clones of me? There.
COME TO COLUMBUS MOTHERFUCKER come here
Your MOM called. Not cool, Alejandro.
My three parents will LOVE this!
you the one what touched tommy
"If he's alive"? YOU BURIED HIM
Mom yelled, using my reddit username.
"I love you." "You too?" "...Yeah."
Gay teen dead, bludgeoned with bible.
Three armed piggies. One bad wolf.
It caught me. Don't send help.
All wrong, wasn't endless after all
Nightmare? He smiled, sipping burnt coffee.
Nobody wanted to speak. Thirty detentions.
She's gone for good this time.
*World burns silently in the background*
Where are my fucking shoes, Mother.
We are both different and similar
How far you'll go for love?
She planned her own funeral perfectly.
I blinked and my marriage shattered.
A lesson in brevity. Negativity abounds.
"Let me out!" said the coffin
"I'm a people-person" said the cannibal
I sleep the hardest sleep ever.
"Sarah? She's nice," mumbled my grandma.
Dear World, Sorry I was born.
Taildrag eventually realized syllables are unbounded!
Mom, please, stop make noises upstairs!
"who are you?" Mom asked me
Ill tell.... nevermind. Forgot theyre gone.
Epstein's suicide note misspelled his name
Humans come wrapped in unfinished leather...
Couldn't sleep, Dad wouldn't shut up.
Awake--firestorm. Count the dead. Night.
Whats all the clamor about? Glamour.
I'm never fully dressed, oh well.
Mom, sorry about the blood. Goodbye.
I dont care if mom cries.
Hi I'm Chucky, want to play
Taco Bell yum. Next visit, yuk.
Was it the blue wire or-
The pain will, finally, be gone.
See you on the other side.
Gwnyeth: "Candle for sale, slightly used".
School lunch changes. Broccoli growers suicide.
Kiss ing Lipscheeks. Kiss ing Lips.
I love Yu, Wang read tearfully.
Saw it coming, but didn't move
Lost a tooth and a father.
Smashing faces against frames accomplishes nothing.
Every single American likes Pence more.
Get past your paranoia, Turfifang 87.
To you, love means nothing. DavidMichaelJackson.
When the future arrives, it is present
My afternoon not lost. Found, sleep.
The Garden Of Christ Ne'er Disservice.
He feared pain, but not death.
Before you became a rectangle? No.
Not evocative? That's evocative as heck.
New slogan: Florida is for cancers.
I moved down here to GET cancer.
Heterosexist? You've thus vexed us, Pipstache.
Sir, that's not a sex toy
Thoughts and prayers? Please try harder.
I forgot where I hid it.
Eleven dead! Drake found with body.
Joey. Joe. Josephine. Ms. Baker. RIP.
Dreams broken again. Reason - caste : General
My secret kept, keeping me sick.
Antidepressants stolen: Hope you're happy now.
My fear of moving stairs escalates.
Theres something comforting about four walls.
SATURDAY NIGHTS are my MONDAY MORNINGS.
Loved ones entitled to compensation. Mesothelioma.
I fantasize about being needed. Lol.
It's as if an Occult Hand...
Profane "professionals" professing professorial, profitable, proffering
Lets do acid. What kind? Hydroflouric.
I'm your dope, you're my heroine.
Knock on wood. Owww my balls!
Moneyed people don't brag. "I'm rich!"
Spread chaos. Sincerely, the neighborhood anarchist.
Couldnt get out of bed again.
He was my everything. I lost.
He'wa gow they NEVERLY pushes it eounds. I love uou guys./
Would That It Were So Simple
Let's be lonely together she whispered.
I'm strong, but she's my weakness.
I'm a compulsive liar, he said.
Six words. Six cuts. She relapsed.
Silence. "Autopsy." Thumpthumpthumpthump
Rising door to door abortion sales
Sacrificial virgins found. Record crops harvested.
She couldn't. She tried. She tried!
Penis. Vagina. Climax. Nine months. Baby.
Internet outage. Chatted. Learned grandpa's badassery.
"Hurr durr." "That's rude." "He's autistic."
Here lies Jim: Abusive father, alcoholic.
It's time to release the ego.
Step away from ego, for yourself.
Resurrected. Saw who's president. Committed suicide.
Looked behind self. Wished I hadn't.
Overdosed on intelligence boosters. Lessons learned.
For sale: Baby feet, assorted organs.
Like, 'yes/no', like, you know?
They knocked; I just couldnt answer.
Mother gave birth to me again!
Hotel Echo Lima Papa  Uniform Sierra
I cant look at you anymore...
 Jump! (Jump!) Might as well jump...
If only we could hug stories.
"Damnit!!" "What??" "Too late," he sighed.
If you'll jump, I'll jump. Probably
Scotty, wait! I'm taking a shi-
Trapped in my prison of obesity.
The cellar hid light from him
"Ignorance is bliss" said the wiseman.
He fired once, ending two lives.
I asked. You answered with silence
Life-addict finally kicks the habit.
Science actually disproved God years ago
Her messages no longer evoked tears.
"You jump, I jump" Probably not.
So many of these feel forced.
Spit globule furrows path in fur
Humans create robots. Robots recreate humans.
Science proves souls exist. Experiments begin.
Beginning. Character growth. Plot twist. Climax.
And then the dead guy yawned
First shot rung, second shot drowned.
am i the one whos broken
never meet your heroes; villains neither
One suit: fur: a good home
Stroke it gently, my furry valentine
Checkmate. Wrong move, sorry. We've lost.
You found her, she broke you
You got nothing. Now fuck off.
Daughter slept on chest. Father wept.
He comforts: "Not all dreams work."
(Setting: in space) No one can hear you wank.
Setting: in space
(Setting: in space)
Give my skin back or else
Ninety shots of your finest tequila.
You're not fucking Vishnu. I'm Vishnu.
BEST. SPORTS. G. AME. E. VER.
Walked in the forest. No trees
I denied having Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis. Was wrong.
Somethings different. Can you feel it?
Your monthly statement is available online.
...cliff edge, she yells dont touch...
I would never break the rules, okay?
Fake News(:) Fears Cancel Elections Indefinitely
Vagina smelling candle for sale. Used.
Pringles lorry burnt to a crisp.
Ive successfully quit six times now.
My dog died; I'm peeling onions.
Defeated hero, reborn anew, victory cliche!
Fought for parking space and won.
I'd gladly sell you both arms.
Left wife for my secretary. AITA?
Restrooms don't survive civilization; hygiene's obituary.
Wait. What happened to the pin
Joe ligma, bitch
Ligma and Joe
I see a symbol. No signs.
I do not follow the rules, ok?
Abrokenspacebarcantstopme
He bleached his asshole...by accident
The aliens demanded hugs and cuddles.
18 and up, grab your guns.
Happiness: For a limited time only!
My first time, shit, pre-mature ejaculation.
Overfed Fish. It's now a Gyarados!
For sale: Human baby. Lacks shoes.
I woke up to a nightmare.
The princess wore her sins proudly.
Wanted. Snake venom antidote. Please hurry.
Tiny cough. Bigger cough. Tiny coffin.
Progress is full of before pictures.
War isnt over if you want.
"The world ends when I do."
Admiral: Okay boomers, ready the nukes.
One step forward, two steps back.
Astronaut? No, I've always lived here.
Results came: youre a special case.
Their eyes haunt my every thought.
She stared straight into my conscience.
F.E.A.R. fights fear, S.A.D.N.E.S.S. fights sadness.
"White man come; take our homeland."
Please... tell mother I fought well...
"Will one more be enough?" "No."
The war isnt over if you want
I fear loneliness more than needles.
Alone, I threw away expired condoms
Scientist: Let's make you whole again.
The cold body only excites me.
Cross my heart... Hope to die...
Yesterday I threw away expired condoms.
How'd they know to start videoing?
Blood Begets Blood, Will You Bleed?
Every scar will build my throne.
Forty year old Virgin man awaits..
may I judge you judge me
Doctor said it's in my brain.
Sale: Clown Car. Serious offers only.
She's sharp.Like a February night.
I was awake during the autopsy.
Triangulate, triangulate. triangulate. TRIANGULATE, TRIANGULATE, TRIANGULATE.
It's only when I am lonely.
Then you fell asleep, then fell.
my life was someone elses decision
The devil is in my mirror
I'm the last of my species.
Cheerful flowers months ago. Not anymore.
For Sale: Air base. Slightly Damaged.
Losses are worse than me dying.
Hooked again. Desperate for another hit.
Sick and overworked for employee benefits.
First rule of war: People die.
Live life like my blood-type: B+
They'd considered the president their compatriot!
Underground bunker dwelling survivors didn't cry.
Fins circled as my raft sunk
Wow, they actually remembered my name!
The circus clown came and stayed.
My reflection smiled but I didnt.
I held her close, we died.
I turned around, and he appeared
Her love was real, so true
Irony: five matches, no cigar.
Irony: 5 matches, no cigar.
Ma'am, there has been an accident
Practice makes my art look better.
Fried chicken in mouth. I happy.
Wanted! Miner. Reward: Months Water Supply!
After summer, nothing was left behind.
Whichever hole you like is fine.
Least painful death. Im Feeling Lucky.
But what he tasted wasnt water
He swerved, missed me, hit her.
Dying was less painful than living.
Someday, could we be something extraordinary?
Oh crap. Where is my wallet?
He didnt pull the trigger. Shouldve.
Pour another, yesterday is too clear.
And that's how the world ended....
But Mama, that's where fun is...!
It turns out I'm not alone
Shattered heart, vengeful desire, desolatr aftermath.
Stomp stomp clap.. Stomp stomp clap
ALL OR NOTHINGall for nothing.
We won we did it sir!
Hang in there, son! Were coming!
She whispered, Ill love you forever.
death at last, please let it be.
My heart hurts, cant they see?
Hey there... consequences of my actions.
Statute of Limitations? Asking for friend.
So many thoughts, reduced to mumbles
One day, I will be free.
Her underwear drawer kept no secrets.
Can i at least get friendzoned?
Over time, I started smiling naturally.
Once upon a time I felt.
Level Three Plus. Pierced by bullet.
We'll be fine, but I won't.
Dangling Cliff Hanger
Terrifying hostage situation in my head.
I'm not dead I'm still here
Six words was all it took.
My love for her was amaranthine.
She's good for a different guy.
So many words; only managed mumbles.
So many words I can say...
She's sharp like a February night.
What did I give birth to?
Its far away. Blow it up.
For rectal use only.
She radiated heat at age 54.
Longer sleeves, dimmer lights. "I'm fine."
George Orwells 1984, moved into non-fiction
Unsuccessful surgery. How is he moving?
Sir, what's your blood type?
They are here for me. RUN !
Absence made my heart grow fonder
Surgery unsuccessful. Why is he moving?
He was home amidst the chaos.
Opened her heart, then her wrists.
shut the fuck up dumb nigger
Yeah...this is me... Now what?
I hope they find me today.
Surgerys over  where are my scissors?
Apparently she had a gun too.
Rich in intention, penniless in action.
Theyre always checking... Like right now!
Surgeon rearranged my guts. Both ways.
"Shoot. You're only killing a man."
Daddy, what was that big boom?
Insurance doesnt cover acts of war
Fourth-three women in six different states.
His times up...start the fire.
Not guilty doesnt mean Im innocent.
Learning to live without a hangover.
Time travelers always ask about Bitcoin.
Don't overthink. She cheated. End it.
A million dead men. Six miles.
The US has started a war
Satan founded initial bible publishing companies.
She really did screenshot my story
Its cold outside... its colder inside
It hurts. Dont stop. ...yes, maam.
Hospital food tasted better last year.
Drove to the right. Straight street.
"Fast food's injurious!" - Wile E. Coyote
Leave small talks. How are YOU?
Out. No phone. Need help now.
Can't create subreddits using back slashes.
He killed her again, without explanation.
Say "please" more often this year.
Death, what took you so long?
Tail wags now instead of shivering.
No time to live nor die.
Arriving at destination without landing gear.
And then, the villain died, horribly.
Thanks! For everything and nothing. Bye.
"See you next decade!" Sent: 12:07 AM
Where were you when she jumped?
Its 2020. Pack light from 2019.
Still here, right where you left.
Im still here. I never left!
You're nobody until he kills you
Out of place, in plaid shorts.
Do not try tosignal lost
Doctor, hes awake. What went wrong?
He packed fruit and a punch.
Another decade, another beer, same addiction.
Just think of it as chocolate.
I did the stupid thing again.
Drumbeats. Heartbeats. I am the music.
He sobbed, caressing his bloodied fists.
He sobbed, caressing his bruised fists.
Table for one. They're not coming.
Where ever did the time go?
Imagine if they had loved you.
When former 'never' became everyday life?
The bugs are in my skin
You can choose. Hemlock or Kool-Aid?
Of what good were medicines now !
Everything's ground zero at rock bottom.
I'm your mother you pervert, WOW
"I'll have another," he told himself.
I dont think that was weed...
Youre bankrupt. We need your children
She does it for a living.
And the tombstone read "vaccine free"
Said his final words. Still alive.
Finally, the string lights draped perfectly.
He kissed her now bruised face.
DOD: February 14, 2019. Cause: Suicide.
Adam and Eve are to blame
The shotgun isn't loaded. Quit crying.
Brain security updates available. Download now?
He beat cancer the first time.
I'm sorry, it wasn't your fault.
Doctor : you have 6 more months !
Well play tomorrow! Last online: 12/6/2010.
He smashed seventeen stones to bits.
Only one awake, but not driving.
REMINDER : FEED REMAINS TO THE CAT.
He rejected nihilism at her birth.
Careful, packages contents are... quite sensitive... :&gt;
ERROR: cannot be own emergency contact.
Careful, this box is... quite fragile... :-&gt;
Somehow clockphones are not allowed upstairs.
Enlarged prostate? Impossible. I jack constantly
Thyme flies when you're having Feng.
Before 2018, N-O spelled "NO-OraFICES"
Took a cue from Hanks. GREEEEEEEEEEEEEE
"Uncut Gems" is literally "Zohan 2.0"
still in chimney bye love all
Why are you ALL so SMALL??
How many fingers will we keep?
They all died but I didn't.
It was mutual until it wasnt.
"New year new me"...it wasn't
My grandma inhales ALL my flatulence.
she wants to talk?, . . . shell write. 
Cutting the red wire didn't work...
What dome, Grandpa? Thats the sky.
I look for you in everyone
Another year spent thinking of you
Two souls. Singing the same song.
Trust me, what could go wrong?
Heaven was an illusion, he learned.
Are we still friends? Best friends.
She promised, with everything inside her.
Just chill, everything will work out
Today, is beginning of new dream.
They had one last fresh start.
Dad would only eat our crusts
I followed the ambulance home today.
"We'll be okay." Do you promise?
The police arrived, it was over.
xy: male, xx:female, yyy:DELILAH
I visited my grandma via razors.
Six word stories? six words cringe
The dog ate, his owner gone.
Briefly he pondered his whole existence
Them, who are they? The mirror.
I live alone, inside the walls.
Could they really make this last?
She spoke boldly when she drank.
They became afraid to raise fists...
No one ever made a fist...
He loved her all the same
New message: We have to talk.
I speak boldly when I drink.
House arrest. Day 36. Moms hot.
He will return tomorrow, I hope.
He left prison a better criminal.
Sixwordstories: pseudo-intellectualism... Spread liberally. Repeat.
Mess? Dog did it. Not me.
Forgot the last words he said.
"Make love, not war" was ignored.
Pulling the trigger was a mistake.
Went uphill; tumbled down. Rinsed, repeated.
She loved him, so she ran.
Are you going to eat that?
You deserve better love than mine.
I still love you so much.
Leftover sushi, why's the rice wiggling?
That is why I licked it.
"It was....it was: Soap Poisoning!"
I am hurting myself once again.
Please continue, it doesnt hurt anymore.
You never really cared about me..
You know some things never change.
Wish you were there for me.
Run, bus driver is a vampire
The eggrolls are NOT for everyone.
Bus driver is a vampire , shit
You don't cover yourself completely? FREEDOM
She scored; he shot. Game over
Whatever led you here, GRFRGRGRFRGRFFRGRFRGFOOOSSSSCilllllaaaaaaaaate it
It's my birthday, not your birthday.
Vocalist Cher screamed loudly, my Dear.
We squished our mushy parts together.
Doubters are dreamers with broken hearts.
Holding back is harder than dying.
Flea... I fear for humanity, Flea.
Is Batman even in this bunk?
WET: teary skin and sweaty eyes
My uncle would have returned today
In her eyes, I saw myself.
Now taller than Tom; Perspective changed
His love salved. She needed salvation.
One man's trash; another man's dinner
And they'd thought it was suicide !!
We won but at what cost..
We never did finish the countdown
It hurts...but, I'll...I'll live.
squirrel got revenge after getting ranover
I responded before new years eve.
You can save humanity by just
Stop eating bread, you dick magnet!
"My OWN dreams surpass this script!"
THERE IS NO EVIL, ANYWHERE, FUCKWITS
The body is in the basement.
DO NOT FEAR LONELINESS. Fear pain.
I was alone, we are not.
I finally "get" abandonment. Thank you.
Oh, you DO wanna trade blows?
Lunacy eclipsed his ability to shine.
There's ONE reason to be paranoid.
Tonight, I finally go to Sovngarde.
I never learned to count
Wait till your father finds out.
Your own personal Hell. Enjoy it.
The Right to be Anonymous - Denied
Got drunk, broke up with girlfriend
Asked forgiveness. The silence was deafening.
Lunacy eclipsed his ability to shine
Cutting corners just creates new corners.
With a satisfying revenge came sacrifice.
That night, I would've kissed her
I would've kissed her that night
Lets ring in new year together!!!
My mothers grief turns me on
Johnny, wanna play with Dad's gun?
I REALLY NEED TO FUCK YOU
Michael Bubl emerges, bottle comes out
Daddy saw mommy kissing santa claus
He just wants to be served.
L.M.G, Mounted and loaded.
Help, it's still alive , help please
I wish you didn't look away.
Stop it. Your flesh is empty.
He is straight, but loves anal.
They fly now? They fly now!
Smallest acts of kindness, biggest gift.
Tired of the sport eating, grandma.
"What's that smell?" "Santa got stuck."
They have always been here, watching.
Father sent a letter on Christmas.
Grandma humbled by seeing her video.
"Got lost? Impossible. You are here."
A robot in love. Fuck off.
Humbug is a state of mind.
No one shoots Kentuckians like Floridians.
Happy Jesus' birthday to you all
NOT AGAIN Hermione, WE GOTTA STUDY
Mother cries over an empty crib.
From: Me To: All Subject: Skeleprechauns
You're trippin', bro! I'm NOT SPONGEBOB!
Christmas sucks when youre not here.
Let me Know / Namaste or Namago
You won? No way. You lie.
I hesitated before opening the gift.
P.S. We wish you were here.
Boobytrap the chimney, Santas heavily armed.
My parents gave me two Christmases.
Despite what came, he conquered all.
I can never follow through.
At last they found him, dead !!
Don't become your heroes. Become better.
I'll count to three. One... Two...
Take a Step. I Dare You.
God or no God, Im blessed.
Years latter, still fighting. Will win.
Summer left. And never came again.
For the deniers, truth is painful.
The unimaginable became the new normal.
For the religious, truth is uncomfortable.
I miss Mom in the kitchen.
Actually YOUR chicken tastes like taint.
Honey is like your ass, Cragnacious.
Please let this be the iciest
Because it's the FUTURE, Farrah McFucktoy.
Me robot taintbot. You taint. L-O-V-E
Right upstairs, officers. Follow the guts.
THEN STAY in whatever holiday wherever
I gasped at my own robotaint
I'll sleep when God reclaims me.
A Happiness Experiment meant for you.
Anxiety: terrified of friends, not enemies.
I hoped you were simply busy.
Dont... let me keep you, okay?
Taking shower. Lost power. Blackest hour.
"Books set me free from here."
"No baby, he'll leave. So cheat."
If that's what you want, ok.
Only the truth sets you free. &lt;3
We live in different timezones now.
"Sexually active?" " I'm married.... So no. "
Sole neuropsychological exam passer found dead.
Wanted: Schrdinger's cat, dead or alive.
I have never owned gold before
Have yourself a Merry Christmas, Rabbi.
I dont know how these work?
The devil has a vivid imagination.
I flew, whilst kissing each other.
Daddy cant come home for Christmas.
Dad, I forgive you. I lied.
The handwritten note was rather telling.
Won the war; lost the earth.
She left me for someone else!!
Buddy the elf, whats your favorite. . . .
Hes going to kill me someday.
A hotdog is not a sandwich.
Grandma dances with Grandpa's ghostly spirit
I said this, you heard that...
Laughter is not the best medicine.
If I had humans for dinner.
Read post and whispered, I know...
On the toilet, Christmas shopping online.
She had never liked the idea of Christmas for it always brought the horrors of her receiving the 'gift' from the family's Santa.
Tonight, it will burn everything red.
We had loved once and true
Something in her ass bit me.
Video games bad Ok boomer *dies*
Aspire to inspire before we expire
This is the last I write
Never gonna give you up
Reddit, give me the coins please
r/literarycontests: Calls for submissions! (All genres)
That never used to happen before...
he said, 'fire... walk with me...'
He said No ! She didn't listen !
De_d m_n h_nging. Chose wrong letter.
My colon is NOTHING LIKE YOURS.
It never really left me alone.
Jolly fat man clears out orphanages.
YOU WILL NEVER STOP CHRISTMAS, JESUS!
Doing over, last New Years resolution.
It all disappeared in one day
I became older than dad today
I can only live my life.
Ding dong! Shhh, dim the lights!
Anastasia, I don't feel anything anymore.
Not my president. Not the president.
Death is terrifying, immortality is unbearable.
"Am i dead?" -"no, just hallucinating"
But marijuanas legal! *officer sprinkles crack*
I hate you Dad for dying.
Luck
All that she wanted was you.
Euthanasia, only solution to his pains !
Sometimes, you are BEAUTIFUL
Ill take the Beretta, loaded please
Seven words because I am bad ass.
He is 62 going on 14.
Anyone feeling threatened thinks of violence.
The angels sing; youre gonna die.
Babies are definitely better with ketchup
My expectations get lower each year.
Just something I thought of
Lopsided fireplace, his sock taken down.
The bridge promised me it'd listen.
Cutting herself, she cut him out.
My ancestor, Genghis Khan. Yours too?
My ancestor, Genhis Khan. Yours too?
"Relax! Easy. Just... Do ya thang!"
Oh my God. There's a god?
"people hate what they don't understand"
AI Alex said: "Ask my pronouns."
"And then, he died very violently."
"She's his problem now. Or happy."
How could I ever forget you?
Nanny Cam captured Mary's flying umbrella.
Itchy dick ... do I have herpes?
"No, she doesn't live here anymore."
Insert exploit! Execute! City powering off...
Pacing the halls till I remember.
Target identified! Fire when ready ! Now!
His riches still couldn't buy life !
Fruit knights riding sprouted sapling steads
Dont come crawling back to me...
A whore comes alive at 75.
I saw. I conquered. I saved.
Please, stop saying you love me.
Left: passport photo. Right: $5000 cash.
Bitch coke retailin' like Pepsicola, Florida.
But he doesn't WANT his freedom!
Your pores produce poems (poets pending).
Your music is one thirteenth decent.
She loved a better, fictional me.
Their faces didnt match their IDs.
A bright flash. The moose charged.
John Frusciante
unrequited
"Still loving you." - "Who is this?"
Chop wood, carry water, chop wood...
The first human was Player One.
"Please pay the rent." "Ok Boomer.
... but i never asked to exist.
She caught my eye: glass eye.
Have a toddler, negotiate with terrorist!?
Tortured madness follows an absent death.
Santa is in the chimney! Oh..
I never was your first choice.
Feeling like a risk? Try loving.
My wifes beater never eats rice.
"Eliminate the UFO." "Roger." Gifts rained.
Two shades too dark. Still missing.
Salesman: Hey sir, would you like-.-.-.
I'm trying. Be perfect. I can't.
I abort myself in your womb
She's so much skinnier than before
Stumble, cactus finds face. Many bandaids.
Replaced and forgotten. I cry alone.
This is the greatest sandwich ever
What the hell was that look??
"Hey there son." "Hey there Robert."
"I think we need some space."
Oh, he's just a friend. Honest.
Today, I took a massive shit
This planet is unsuitable. Destroy it!
"I'll never leave." Now they're gone.
Should I cut my bangs tonight?
[EDITED SO COMMENTS MAKE NO SENSE]
Ill always come back for you!
Would you poison your own well?
I cant do this anymore, Mom...
Today has been so wonderfully horrible.
Kissing Booth: No. Just listen, please?
KISSING BOOTH: No. Just listen, please?
"Sorry ma'am, I ate your cat."
windows to my soul, eyes so true
who hurt you? my own expectations.
Wow, are boys usually this stupid?
So I watched The Human Centipede ...
Be kind. Look past my inequity
My shame
Ran down the alley. Dead end.
"Cut the red wire!" "Which one?"
The darkness is alive; it's moving.
I said goodbye, just not aloud.
"He sees you when you're sleeping"
How little is her life worth?
For Timmy, one lifebuoy - love, Santa.
There is no love. Just lulz.
Knees weak, Arms Heavy. Moms Spaghetti!
Don't read the next sentence! .... Rebel!
Oh... there is no toilet paper...
Visited Philippines; hurts to pee now.
AstroTurf Covered The Vast Burial Grounds
I saw monsters... Oh the police?
I heard you could untoast toast.
If it ain't fun, it's done.
Moldy LSD smokes me daily. AMA
"How old?" "Twelve." "Cause of death?"
First human died surrounded by apes
I did it. It's YOUR fault!
No idea whats going on? Good.
Always the listener, never the listened
Jeremy? No, ma'am. Your son died.
Licking the knife. Everyone's staring. Huh?
Unopened letter. Never read. Too hard.
Just admitting has helped the situation.
December 9th, 2019 - December 10th, 2019.
"More" is not a great safeword.
Dear love, kindly disregard this letter
Thought grandma said, "Pull the plug".
Reporters leave, the missing poster remains
Alcohol! Salad never started any story.
"You're born stupid? Not just pretending?"
I wish the waves would disappear
Mommy, what does "illegitamate child" mean?
Eyes popping, sweat, shivers and shakes
Another wave crashes, then fades away
"I don't wanna die." "I'm sorry."
Nature can't lose, it doesn't play.
Blood bank loses 4 HIV-contaminated bags.
Married my dream girl. Woke up.
Any dreams? Yes, winning the lottery.
Don't need to call out again.
"What'd you expect, wearing that skirt?"
"It's cold outside mom." "Your problem."
Just the rope. Keep the change.
A meme page stole my heart
Tell him that I loved him
I just crossed an important line...
Some strive for excellence. Others, normalcy.
"Smsh lke and sbscrbe" said Hitler.
Waaaaait a minute.. Who are you?!
META: Should stories get deleted just because a mod doesn't like it?
He ran for his life, Alas !!
He saw one ; they were three!
"The water is Fine!", Flint said.
My first solo trip. Totally worth.
Shit! Forgot to save my game!
I killed time. I'm bored yesterday.
Im pregnant. She wasnt; she lied.
A good cry usually helps.
He only wanted; be a catalyst
He only was catalyst to leave.
Table for one. Bars over there
What would my testimony do? Nothing.
For the first time, mother agreed.
Peace is Gods gift to us.
I have cum to the conclusion.
23 say goodbye. 15 say hello.
Daughter's Christmas present - wrapped in tears.
"Your life dreams can wait." - Children
She wanted loyalty. He wanted out.
Five swimmers dived in, six surfaced.
Five have dived in, six surfaced.
Rappers critically wounded after lyrical drive-by.
I'm alone, I said. They laughed.
Country is split after presidential divorce.
Six words are too short to...
Mom: I swear I'll stop tomorrow.
You're gone, but I'll never forget.
I'm one toke over the line.
Youre already gravely thin. Please eat
No one cared enough to fight.
Birth, Death certificates signed same day
He begged ! She denied ! Luckily liberated!
Things that were, never had been
Someday Ill be the lucky one.
Revenge! Even death couldn't stop him!
She fought hard but cancer won.
I am the most humble here.
Peloton made people work even harder.
Pelloton isn't my waterwangus. It's yours.
I miss you singing to me.
She smiled, we laughed, happy anniversary.
Be brave. Be safe. Be quick!
Ive won, but at what cost?
I'm gonna get fired for this.
Sleeping. Woke up. Clock: seven. Monday.
A month ago I was happy
Just like that, it was over
"Salt him, John's all we have"
An upvo- Thats your own, idiot.
MySparbarDoesNotWorkAnymore.
A fresh start was needed desperately.
Mother, did I disappoint you again?
I'm still waiting to be born.
Exit
Reinvention was music to her soul.
Todays mail: birthday card, divorce papers.
Is there even alcohol in this?
"I might be ambushed." "'Bout it."
Jesus: God's air fryer setting.
Is he nuts? No! Hes insane.
Died?! Oh gosh... Hows the dog?
Cameras on. Sussudios playing on loop.
Please just let me finish talking.
Normal Tuesday Night for Shia LaBeouf
Happy holidays for some, not all.
Normal Tuesday Night for Shia Lebeouf
I'll make my time here worthwhile.
I'm a shining example of mediocrity.
I have not been born yet.
NO I WILL NOT "CALM DOWN"!
Bryce is a plethora of woman.
It was choice out of desperation.
Optimism is the mantra of fools.
Work eat sleep. A life wasted.
Love hurts! I need a shot.
Just 364 years for petty theft?
He ghosted, for her own sake.
Carved onto bloody bullet: Memento Mori
"Cool scythe!" Death agreed. "Walmart sale."
It's just my old friend, Death.
Only positive today? A pregnancy test.
They're 13% but responsible for 50%
Theyre divorced. She changed. He didnt
When is daddy coming home mummy?
There was only five words
I made that beautiful girl laugh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My reflection moved, i did not
And then she became only memories
I dont love you said dad
I walked on... knowing the risk.
I'm high. My husband, obviously not.
Wow! After that, they still approve.
Layne Staley, Chris Cornell, Kurt Cobain.
"Feed them tomorrow." "But sir-" "TOMORROW."
Lest we forget but we will.
They lived happily for a while.
Hey, only the good die young...
Lonely neckbeard under mistletoe... nobody came.
Suddenly she recognized him. Wanted poster.
Hey, only the good for young...
Too late. They pulled the plug
God's lovingly sending me to hell.
Already at work, defroster still cold.
Her annoying car alarm faded away.
With your touch the anger melted.
Only pills will numb the ache
You made me change my name
Fire losses: eighteenth-century Stradivarius and courier.
Nothing got done on December first.
Run, dont walk! Were being followed!
Time moves faster as we die
These posts sound kinda like palindromes
The front sight chipped my tooth.
The front sight broke my tooth.
Contractions dont count as one word
Rivers polluted, rains poisoned, record profits
"I didn't vote for him. Honestly."
I am gonna need more words
Ted Bundy knocked on my window.
Old, young, tears still fell easily.
Don't worry anymore, love. It's okay.
Monthly Writing Series: December SSS Prompt
Lives were lost, nobody felt entertained !!
Time is meaningless in the Multiverse.
In Uber. New message: Im here.
"Dad, are we nearly there yet?"
Almost murdered...
Send nudes. I only have bionicles.
Hes in love. She looks away.
BAD BABY! No phone until WORK!
Read your Bible. FEED your Bible.
Sometimes the pain is self chosen.
It's woman they worshipped on cross.
What about MY pubes, Cosmonaut Cubes!
He prayed for the first time.
Go ahead, fire, melt my face.
Mondays, I yearn for the Rapture.
Sometimes fate has an expiration date.
Why is it easier this way?
Well thats too bad, isnt it?
oohhh so that's what 'heyy' means
They are forgotten, glory is mine!
This time she's going to testify.
Why do you smile at me?
A mist of viperous malcontent blooms.
I just wanted to be happy.
Grandma's illness wasn't normal. Too late.
Real Mars hides beneath Red Rock
Hold titties, young men. Not grudges...
He shot her on 5th Avenue.
Is Utopia near? Cant see anything.
I wis- but I'm not allowed.
Look, the humans invented calculus again.
*fist clenched* Thinking of you, Dear
Oh shit! Wheres the toilet paper?
Coalmine abandoned save for narcoleptic canary.
Defective elf on shelf surveils himself.
We lick bananas with our tongues
Confused elves on shelves surveil themselves.
Freeze time? No. Life presses on
Steaks, not stakes. We're hunting werewolves.
His calcified heart: exposed, beating, hers.
Broke my arms. Help me mom!
Stop, I said. She stopped breathing.
I will propose inequality for everyone!
I give you one last chance
Equality for everyone except that guy.
She's so hot she burnt it.
You used to be my hero.
She's in love with con artist.
The two strangers shared a grave
Your uncle darest not suck thus.
6226676667777667676767-6226676667777667676768 is just your favorites
I had a phase. He didn't.
I DON'T WANT BEAUTIFUL, MODERN FURNITURE.
Every year, family reunions get smaller.
Why do I hear boss music?
Friends are now moms and dads
Few touched her; on display...bound.
You embraced just to suffocate me.
Dog eats science project. Giant dog!
Do not come to school tomorrow
Mommy and daddy are in love.
Outshine me? I will shine longer!
Hey, did you bring your gun?
I will never get over you.
I will never get over you
Instructions unclear. Dick stuck in knives.
This play is so good! Lets-
No plans?! Thanksgiving. Our house. 2pm.
Follow the White Rabbit, adventure awaits.
On her epitaph chiseled, "Call 911."
Pilgrims suspicious but they brought turkey
He burned bridges; bloodied, narrowly escaping.
He's the best debater. He's mute.
No, it's okay. I don't mind.
Died for no reason !! Still lucky!
"Sorry, but your soul is worthless."
"Tomorrow, yeah?" Last Online: 7 Years.
"See you then." Never seen again.
Two feet dangled in the classroom.
After death will I be remembered?
Am I still the good guy?
"Please, stay." Only response; a flat-line.
Dont catch feelings. Theyre very lethal.
She left me loving her more.
Thanksgiving flying first-class. One-way.
Didn't recognize her with clothes on.
My gun jams as zombies approach.
No place is far enough away.
Tom's not allowed turkey alone time.
Bought two combos; Im eating both
Falling in love, we drift apart.
Its haunted. I am the ghost.
He left. The coffee was still hot.
"Traditional" like... Google and Reeze? Or.....?
Coward-In-Chief: "Beware my wrath?"
Oh, don't EVEN disparage my timekeeping.
A Man. A Peloton. OTOLE, Panama!
Why are lipstick stains on the counter?
Fuck. Help! Help! Help! Help! Fuck.
Pay to play! Price: your soul.
Her fear of the cannibals? Palatable.
Gambled on gas station sushi, lost.
You win! The price: your soul.
But I thought we had everything.
He looks but does not see.
Visited her today. I miss her.
Missing man last seen hunting sasquatch.
She gave evil a new definition
Just like that, the voices stopped.
Gave her roses. Gave me herpes.
Finger on open message. For hours.
Dot. Dot. Dot. I waited, patiently.
Post-shower pooping. What horrid injustice!
I just finished poaching the pears.
There was a lot of potential.
Missing Girl. Airbrushed makeup pictures only.
...was him or me, he lied
Revolutions don't happen on the internet.
I came in my own ass
Theyre a bunch of Nazi conformists.
I sat anxiously. No three dots.
Missing boy. Last seen: tomorrow morning.
Pills to live, pills to die.
I am thou, thou art I...
Always alone. Never lonely. Im complete.
Next time go for the head
Crystal's daughter covered her debts tenfold.
I should have looked both ways.
Crematorium. Mother's first client: her daughter.
Don't fry bacon when you're naked.
He survived, by removing the head.
oh my! That's one majestic cloak.
Ruined friendship. Just one fucking joke.
One man bands only sing blues.
I accidentally ordered for two again.
Ive never felt this alone before
Two years, too late to change
The caged pigs pray to Satan
I hope the body's still warm.
It's real blood: they cut themselves.
This is where theyll find me.
"No consent"? More like conflicting interests.
They were fighting, then it stopped.
Something in Water. /r/Hydrohomies Government Trap
For Sale: Anti Santa burglar alarm.
As if you know my brother.
Dolphin Caper Fish is a papist.
We reigned like splats and frogs.
Do like yourself as an adult?
Never squat with your spurs on.
Relax. Earth's too big to fail.
Lingering Apathy is Not Clinical Depression
It's not magical. It's just cold.
During my travels; I saw nothing!
Nothing left to say but goodbye.
Autoerotic Asphyxiation. Literally dead to rights.
Colourblind man missed the red flags.
Cute now? You'll hate it later.
We were joking; they were not.
Work Mondays on Sunday. Friday's Thursday.
Deep down I need a hug.
Assumption: the mother of all fuckups.
AirBNB was a trap! They're cannibals!
I slowly fell, remembering her smile.
We use protection after erecting erections!
Bones? Shattered. Eyes? Exploded. Hotel? trivago.
Give me a hand, would you?
Saw a shadow, it wasn't mine.
Good news: found the smell's source.
Death is only a step before...
Ashes followed caution to the wind.
I loathed him. He pitied me.
Loving me MAKES you evil, Melania!
An old woman, who died young.
Inspiration came unannounced and left abruptly.
Must warn the others. Can't...Forget...
I can't stop making these stories!
"They only use six words? Whoa!"
Youre her father. Im her Dad.
Haven't slept a wink since tomorrow.
Forfeited. Score! One more happy dog.
It turns out He wasnt fine
I made brown on the ground
Know his pain? I caused it
Too many stories about domestic abuse.
Engineer Using Significant Figures for Bridges...
...repost! I'm stuck in an infinite...
doritos commercial makes me think "cheetos"
"Good enough," said the parachute inspector.
Owner died by stroke. Dog starved.
He came first. He served first.
Sometimes I play Russian Roulette alone
The counterfeiters are green with envy.
Sunglasses again, but he loves me
THE LIGHTHOUSE was so goddamn good.
Searching for that old feeling again
And then the lights turned on.
Across the Universe just reached Arcturus.
Suffocates upon the memories of home
I should rent a bull. ... "...cool."
The Blood and regret flowed freely
The bruises healed. She never did.
toe, penis and belly button cheese
Story of Us: In the beg-
Sickly Sam slipped slowly, surely. Still.
Lifes a rhythm you follow beautifully.
Candlelit dinner, wife missing, officer calling.
You will always be my friend.
Earthquake! Phoenix Arizona Becomes Beachfront Property.
Fieldhands starved, but farm was profitable
Doctors are mechanics for living things
"MagnaShield active. Approaching Delta-V to Mars."
Cut red wire after the green
Karen, let me see my children!
"Hello" "Get out of my house"
I wondered if they were happy.
Ark wasnt ready, water came anyway
Poisoned darts make for killer toothpicks.
This song's just six words long.
My whole damn family on Utube.
No, I dont think it happened.
Be more than just your fears.
I Am Epstein Ask Me Anything
I stopped my own heart consciously.
Found needle in haystack. Got AIDS.
Last dose, last time - Last words
Landed on mars! Phone starts ringing...
Take away my Mac? Kill me!
Guess no one could stop me...
Youre turn! He said smiling ominously..
Adolf Hitler did not kill himself.
She contacted me. I can't answer.
[INCOMING CALL] Here we go again...
[INCOMING PHONE CALL] Oh, not again...
Existential crises are my only realities.
Fight for freedom. Stand with Hong...
Phantom limb but you in my arms
You may say I'm a dreamer.
Strangers, best friends, couple, oversees, strangers
Loveseat, Netflix, Blanket, Snacks, Stranger Things.
Played wire loops; guns on foreheads.
44, 379 members. 44,379 online. 44, 379 downvotes.
44,379 members. 44,379 online. 44,379 upvotes.
That obviously isn't my biological offspring.
Ok-Boomer! Hey! Fuck!!! Dont shoot!!!!
I miss you so much, girl.
Mall Santa beat the abusive parent.
Waking alone after the suicide pact.
I Lived. I Loved. I Lost.
Just another Epstein story. How original.
She said, Yes. She shouldnt have.
The downvotes do not stop me.
This stew is delicious! ...where's Mom?
Watching flags fly above chaotic uncertainty
Silent steps... Door... "Can... We talk?"
Two friends. Facial recognition sees three.
Hero Donates Four Kidneys to Hospital!
Not running means I'm getting closer.
New house. Attic newspapers dated today.
Trailer park. Church. Liquor store. America.
Jeffrey Epstein most likely killed himself.
You're useless alive. But waste not...
Intense crowds always invoke unbearable loneliness.
They took the kids. Including Thunberg.
I awoke today in unfamiliar skin.
Bodies ice cold, they were beaten.
Second-hand marriage rings, never used.
You can delete the funeral pictures.
Please accept me! I'm straight now.
Law forbid it, moral required it.
I'm going to stop procrastinating, soon.
I was happy before meeting you
Finally, terrified, they reached the summit.
Jeffrey Epstein did not kill himself
That's the last star. We're alone...
Honey can be sweet, but deadly.
Your family, however strange, is yours.
All's fair in love and war
Free dog, hates redheads named Branna.
Wake up mom! mom? mom? MOM!
Dont let her see me die!
Thanksgiving: Creepy, Nosy, Loud, Dry Turkey.
Be my Saturday. Not my Monday.
FOR SALE USED SPEEDBUMP HIT TWICE
She was just my relit cigarette.
My family dynamic INTERESTS you? Interesting.
The last cigarette lasted thirty years.
UK is Gryffindor, Russia is ___________, etc.
Thief dies for $2.15, in change.
"KILLED FOR YOU!" Silent remained God.
"flip it"...!...!...!?..."heads"..."no... please, no!"...!
Zookeeper (deceased) didn't lock up properly
Karma: The unsuspecting player got played
I wish we were still together.
My shrieking tree has been cut!
Waste of space in the mirror.
"Where is Fluffy?" The microwave beeps.
Comedy: boy confesses all his sorrows.
Grab the swordfish, its lifting off.
Tattooist murdered, hands severed. Cause: Misspelling.
I went home, didnt dream big.
I guess, it wasnt meant us!
Thinking about what might have been
I'm alive! Just... Restart the party.
So what are we? Her: friends.
Despite best efforts, Im not enough.
Last human remaining gives zero fucks.
She nodded. Body was her son.
I stashed poison under the couch.
Yall aint got shit on me.
"Relativity allows time travel." "Let's try."
I hate you mom! Mom? Mom?
Tough Life Lessons: You're never enough.
May burning bridges light the way!
The moon? We had a moon?
She is mad...at me...again
I thought I loved you too
Cake! I'll start my diet tomorrow...
I ate all of the cookies.
I wonder where she is now?
That is INDEED what she said.
Are you faking an orgasm again?
Burger. Make it Large. Hurry up.
Gave him rope to hang himself
I mentioned your name: she laughed.
I own all the world's wealth.
"Google it" means "Go ogle it"
Every cuntenarian: "I'll outlive that cent."
Please don't let me die....... Please.
"Kill us both this time," he lobbed.
She abandoned me. Mommy I need you.
" I love you." Reflection smiles back.
Bad decision? Telling serious people jokes
Comedic so friends laugh. They left
You know, we could have been.
Wince."They're serving human." "Wait, how-"
The end was not the end
Toddler's test is out. HIV positive.
Too late. Wrist slit. Mistaken diagnosis.
Her chocolate skin bled foamy liquids.
All car windows open. Wasn't me.
"Please don't! I'm coming." (Message failed)
"Don't! W8 4 me!" ***Message failed***
"You're human right?" I couldn't answer
But mostly I just miss you
Why can't the others hear me?
I see you, but others can't.
Like always, it was the butler.
He had my back. 33 Vertebrae.
Do tears matter when youre alone?
God of missed deadlines? Not Today.
Star Trek greater than Star Wars!
Dog digs up dozens of bones.
Broken hearted. Felt poop, only farted.
The unsent text couldve saved her
I hate marmalade. Worse than you.
Forget what I said, Mr. President
He drove foreign cars. All Hondas.
Rename Contact: Cute Redhead, Party =&gt; McDonald's.
Eat YOUR ass??? Hundred bucks, loser.
You don't exist! WE don't exist!
Groundhogs day. Groundhogs day. Groundhogs day.
Gambled on a fart. Not smart.
And I ran, ran so faraway.
Stray dog, digs up, multiple bones.
Stray dogs, digging up, multiple bones.
My life fits in a notebook.
And just like that, I'm nothing.
Youre someone elses problem, old friend.
Her life faded with the light.
The third, final York stood proud.
He is always on my mind.
And just like that, it's over.
My foot missed the brake pedal
The place was full of... People?
Once you jump; there's no undoing.
I regret ever falling for you
Say It Again, I Dare You!
Evidently Epstein Did not Kill Himself
Fresh start, New city, Same problem.
It had always been for him.
Jeffery Epstein did not kill himself
Horse Shit
Missing rib; if found, contact Adam.
I dont know Obamas last name
"You are my pet." "Yes master."
Penile Reduction Surgery Again Mr. Johnson?
The deserters returned for their conscience
Dont need tolerance if everyones dead.
Request for new replacement soul: Denied.
The furries have invaded Australia, sir.
I finally see my reflection again.
No one read the bestselling book.
It's cold. Can't feel my toe.
Then I realized heaven was hell.
An experiment just for your happiness.
My cat has released the nukes.
Could not hear his last words
Tinder matched with a suicide hotline.
The bad news is she's pregnant.
Darling, I tried. You didn't.
Its my shadow. It scares me
Kicked out because Im gay
Tried to save someone's life; didn't.
Time is moving. I am not.
The train will arrive any moment...
I am being haunted by myself.
We were the future's only hope.
The Rainmaker will be born yesterday.
ILY! , Srsly?, Yes! , HBU?, ........ J/K! ...... FML!
"My pronouns are they..." "Get out."
I always forget nothing ever changes
Come home, see dude, leave home.
God should beg me for forgiveness
Am found. I don't know how.
Face it! Chase it! Nail it!
I see my body on the ground.
Darling, please, give him the money.
Police killed student. People work normally.
Happily icing cake thats been poisoned
She came in my room tonight
Today Im blind. Tomorrow Ill see.
Came home early, left home forever
He wants to 86 the 69.
My mom stabbed our abusive dad
We can't wait until you're legal.
There's a stranger in my kitchen
After I was kidnapped, life improved.
I was happier after being kidnapped.
Take me to a better place
My brother told me he kills
Twenty years down the drain, again.
She was the one. I wasnt.
Closed eyes. Fell asleep. Lost memory.
"After all this time?" .... "Always,"
The humans blamed the entity "They".
I steal your money EVERY moment.
One poundbuck of BENNYGROSIAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!AA!A!A!A!A!!A!!A please.
I love you, No you dont
Click, click, boom. Spatters of red.
Dear "16th" Diary: Burned "13rd" Diary
So proud of Dixie right now.
How are you guys so smart
Bad English to say "A software".
Meanwhile the hive mind grew bored.
She said Choose. He chose another.
Three dots danced then stopped. Finished.
Another bloody nose; came by mail
Nobody accepts me trying dump them.
Police search tirelessly for wheel thief.
For Sale. Baby Jordans. Ridicuously cute.
Always leave the cage door open...
I bit my apple. It screamed.
You never really know... you know?
Its a work! Dont be fooled!
Suicide. Relieved, she found another man.
Booted old game, nobody was online
She cornered. She charged. She pierced.
Tables turn when I say so.
He suicide. Continued from last save.
Sweat, blood, tears is creativities sacrifice
This that. That this. End scene.
The broken one will cost double
That's her picture on the wall.
You have a genetic computer chip?
Soppy burger. Tasteless fries. King sucks.
The devil and his two geese.
Smoking gun. Warned: Swiper no swiping.
Psychic: "Here's one I prepared earlier."
Lose hope. Find Hope. Kidnap her.
Meet me at the Benihana's gloryhole.
Why'd I Get A Cattle Dog?
The only black characters get together.
Pad routine complete, forearms burning, satisfied.
Everyday urges for change, nothing changes.
One condom: never used. Baby shoes.
For Sale: Baby Shoes, Not Used
It's over. I can't let go.
I am so exhausted from life
One blowjob later, Brian wasn't bi.
Money, time, energy. Choose only one.
Darkness cares not for the clock.
Learn new things, ask more questions.
When neglect was a good day
Apathy is the Result of Heartbreak
Date: November 5th Status: Unknown
Can't remember anything except my mom.
Shots Fired, Unarmed, Not Guilty , Repeat
Dont Leave Son! Heartbeat Weakened , Flatlined
Monotonous, but, still, one more day.
Bed by nine, asleep by two
'What are you doing...future shit?'
DEATH TO THE GOOD OLD BOYS!!!!!!!!!!
"I fell off at Pico, Creepo!"
You read what YOU read, Caramel.
You're not nobody. You're Kardi B!
For Sale: Wrinkled Grandmother, Slightly Pruny
Santas claws are coming to town.
The blade missed. I still bled.
You know why that cant happen.
Son, why is Mittens fur crusty?
For Sale. Baby Shoes. Wrong size.
I didn't sign up for this.
Been knocked on without a door
When in doubt: dead baby story
I thought. Thought wrong. Wrong move.
Bowl is empty, humans are gone.
Homosocial bellowings and I murdered her.
you sHouldnt strEss, im reaLly hapPy.
9 years ago, everything changed
"Epstein? Make it look like suicide."
"Alimony? We were married three days!"
"I thought the gun was empty."
He forgot he was the devil.
Actively looking for happiness... Still searching...
Her voicemail is all that's left.
"Have you met Joe?" . "Who's Joe?"
I can't speak; I can read.
I sold all my babies things.
He saw everyone in the good.
John, End! And Let Off US!
John, End! And Let Off US.
Cobwebs grow on my neighbors mailbox
Agent Smith killed Mister Andersons dog.
You conjured me without a name.
Home alone. Then the door opened.
I'm only an asshole by volition
Can we go a little faster?
Five missed calls from my mom.
Everything issix wordsif you dontuse thespacebar.
She fled from trouble. It followed.
His heart was black, fingers magical.
Pitiful baby shoes ad: got scammed
Looks like tomorrow, feels like yesterday
A torch in the tunnel's end.
Doesn't feel right? Don't force it.
I'm what you like within yourself.
I do, quietly from the back.
Their love died with their daughter.
Red Pill, Blue Pill, Your Choice.
They were my closest relatives. Were.
The truth, profound. Girraffes don't exist.
Daddy, can I touch clouds too?
"Alexa, don't set an alarm tomorrow"
He'd my back. All 33 vertebrae.
Lovely fruits and veggies, how much?
I am positive I was negative.
Crack pipe for sale. Slightly used.
Marriage 'til death would be nice.
Killing characters off in an Autobiography.
Gambled and lost. Sharted my pants.
The machine didn't work, we're doomed.
Sky; tree; eyes; love; hands; saudade.
She didnt fit in his life.
"You know, I still have nightmares."
Pardon my french; Avada Kedavra motherfucker.
Grandfather met me for first time again
Starting kindergarten, certain I wont return
A broken home... A life sentence
Take care of yourself, don't ignore.
Never let judgmental haters dictate you.
Caught the bus, missed my stop.
Visiting mother later. She won't know.
Dog scared. Fireworks unwelcome here, thanks.
My hamster is laying down unconscious
Was This Petdoption The Grisliest Ever?
Trick or treat? Time travel failed...
The Doctor: Rose Tyler, I Lo.....
Escalators Not Broken, Just Temporarily Stairs.
I needed love. Clearly, it didn't.
He wanted friendship. It probably didn't?
Crack. Whack? Or wonderful? POTUS mused.
If you get careful, it's over.
My next ex better like me.
The lark ascended to the sky.
And thats where I found you
Missed, yet again. His father cringed.
She dropped the knife. He wheezed.
In the silence she heard choruses.
She breathed in, the voices stopped.
He didn't see the red light
Tommy Lee Jones is a Dick
Your lies are prettier than mine.
As long as Mr Pleasants alright
Andy Kaufman smiled. Trump had won.
Crying seriously increased her sex appeal.
The killer... is in this room.
Wow I'm flattered, but I'm hetero.
Wow i'm flattered, but i'm hetero.
The speeding car had no driver.
Before I die...you should kno-
Monthly Writing Series: November SSS Prompt
There was blood on the tracks.
"What's making you feel hurt inside?"
Mom thought prayer would cure him
The harness snapped and I plummeted
Halloween candy tasted funny. Probably nothing.
Vampires, zombies, and mermaids, in sweaters.
Posting here; my single daily refuge.
He shoots, he...wait...he scores!
Some remove their masks for Halloween.
Save the Princess... Zelda is your... ... ...
He didnt know she was twelve.
Stay, Save me from dying alone.
The missile is coming. I love...
Silence. Rustling. Shots. Pause. Rustling. Silence.
Threw two pitches. Lost World Series.
He may never throw another pitch.
But then again; who even cares?
Currency represents human energy. Masters hoard.
United they stood, divided they fell.
On tick at the fruit shop.
There is a light up ahead.
Winning isn't the goal. Just survive.
Victim had no comment. Suspect did.
After her soulmates funeral, shes invisible.
You Stay. I Go. No Following.
Entry-level job. Requires masters degree.
She said, "You're in the clear."
785 years, but I haven't loved.
Selling boys baby shoes: never worn
The night grows longer. Days gone
You think I care about me?
Grandpa wasnt the same after that.
Tick tock, Dont be a hero.
Had bars, now hes behind them.
Sometimes. Even monsters have a purpose.
Mr. President, this is a Wendy's.
Its a pillow, its a pet.
Date: October 29th. Status: Still Alive.
I barked. Nobody listened. Four dead.
Wheres master? Whered my balls go?
Film date: 2055, The Second Holocaust.
You lost her with your actions
You lost her with her actions
They're safe now that Epstein's dead
I'm Independent. After Marriage. She's housewife
Chained up. Police arrive. Triggers trap.
What happened to all the Bibles?
I passed the Turing test today.
"he fell", is what i said.
So many stories, they just blend.
I wonder if I can... oh no.
A fire burns silently inside me
Every day, he says he's happy.
I entered the helicopter completely stoned
Simple procedure. It's gone. I'm fine.
Oh, I am VERY MUCH ALIVE.
The cordyceps emerged after she died.
Jesus! I'm pregnant. But from whom?
His shoes were not for him
I am the one who knocks.
You reek of fool's enibrium. Begone.
"Thats her last breath..." *gasp* "....breathes..."
"She needs our help. She's gay."
Two am work at six am
Boy dreamed of playing baseball, armless.
It watched from the inky darkness.
The first time, he didn't explode.
Surprisingly, space wasnt the final frontier
Shivering, her last match blew out.
My walk turned into a run.
boy does not like his life
They wait, patiantly. For societal collapse.
I called. I watched it ring.
Two Humanities were one too many.
Subconscious vociferously pleads for self-termination.
"Our child looks nothing like me."
Alone in deep space. Hear scratching.
Free Chihuahua. Walks all over you.
You are not your own thoughts.
"How will they find me, here?"
Fairy exchange $20: one per tooth
"This must be real?!", ascension begins.
I failed again and again, then succeeded.
Plan succeeded. The sun is gone.
They're all watching while I'm sleeping.
Guess I cant fly
21st floor. No evidence. Fantastic. Goodbye.
It didnt work. Were sorry, goodbye.
The last bullet was for me.
My fleshlight has a yeast infection.
Now you have two roof frisbees.
It purposely failed the Turing Test.
This will be my last lie.
"I'm sorry." The line went dead.
"Calm down, please. You've said enough."
I slept alone after fighting myself.
Im tired of being a ghost.
That plane is getting uncomfortably close.
Ryan oozes privileged information
Remaining silent, he held his peace.
You don't know until you experience.
A child can teach you better.
Light rays pierced the soot-filled sky.
The babe's wails steeled his heart.
Unknown virus infects thousands of protesters.
Suicidal. Received advice? Hang in there.
I would never see her again.
Krispy Kreme orbits my spherical belly.
Dismember the human. Edible on Halloween.
I overhead "Plop Plop Fizz Fizz..."
Darkness flagellated herself with the rainbow
"I could never be the problem!"
All that we have is now.
Now is all that we have.
My favorite THING is you, Ekinayshuh.
I couldn't get there in time.
I hear her breathing. Thank God.
October the Twenty-Fifth IS October Twenty-Fifth!
Everyone left alive could finally agree.
I was clean. Then I wasnt.
"Who are you?" my children asked
Sent back in time: The Trumpinator.
The burglar's fart prompted tenant's attack.
Her bruises healed. She never did.
i dont care if they repent.
Don't Go Where I Can't Follow
Needle starts ticking; Heart penetrated successfully.
I checked in to get away
My graveyard has a squatter problem
Do Vampires have blood type preferences?
Chemically castrated, he burned with desire.
Think of DEATH before you COMPLAIN
Why are all the squirrels glowing?
"Get your dick out of me!"
:)
Drank my own piss today. Help.
Where bullets failed, nukes never did.
Wait, where did everyone else go ?
Your dog is humping my leg
You falling in love is funny
Me Falling You thought was hilarious
In the night we grieve alone
I gave in, sleep overtook me
A childs life wasted, so sad 
Ate a burger, it was delicious.
My life ended when hers began
I fell apart in his arms
The ache is slowly killing me
Passing years still wont wipe tears
I wonder if youre still alive.
Thats impossible... I couldnt have miscalculated.
And all my friends are dead.
The end is in two days
Police strike again! Body count: 202
Who gave you the right anyway?
Two worlds, drifting apart. Fingers touch.
Lone hen scurries atop shattered eggshells.
Seventeen cats inherited her childhood home.
Upvoted comments didn't stop the genocide.
Love yourself like nobody did before.
Let yourself to love yourself, simply.
The sun shines somewhere on earth.
"Don't resist my fist, cow." Veterinarians
I dreamt that I was sleeping.
Missing a friend I never knew
The beautiful shimmer of childhood memories.
Caskets for sale; just like new!
Cant sleep... cant eat... wanna fight?
How did I get so lucky?
Water, then *wine*! Just like Jesus.
Fuck you reddit for censoring me
He died peacefully, unlike his passengers.
In that moment, we were infinite.
Someday, could we be something extraordinary?
Looking inside the box for thoughts.
She wears the ring of another.
Driving. Fell asleep. Never woke up.
And then i handshaked all china
You're not negative, your environment is.
I dream of government mandated hugs.
I just want to get high.
Dogs taste like chicken dont ask
USA, Freedom March on Black Friday
You're the best lier ever, starfish.
Love is a setup for betrayal
Their bodies entwined one last time.
-"I-sa like-ah bacon" -"Me likeum salami"
Tricky to treat yourself after kids.
Sometimes, I can feel their presence
woke up today feeling so worthless
Are you guys close? ...We were.
For sale: baby shoes. Never worn.
Rules were meant to be bro ken.
The story ended before it began.
Accidentally killed my cat while sleepwalking
Her scent lingered as she walked.
Hiring! We have all your information.
The baby wants it's shoes back.
Turn it off then on again.
Fuck you China, says everyone everywhere.
He had cigarettes for dinner again.
Your reality is just an illusion
only way out is from inside
[post removed due to copyright request]
I gotten weaker; haven't we all?
Two entered but only one left
Who's Joe? Say hi to Reddit
Six words? Five is enough.
A double rainbow; its so beautiful!
The dog glared at the closet.
[STORY DELETED BY THE TIME POLICE]
Jesus: "Again?! Give me a break!"
She died. He cried. I lied.
"Mom, what's that on your wrist?"
Her magic however, Was very helpful.
I fell for him.... onto pavement
6AM breakfast beer: meal to go.
"Dear Bob, pick up your baby"
Gratitude, today was a good day.
They were yours, you ghost baby.
Only wine glasses in the dishwasher.
Feeling the recoil. Her beloved died.
She said he made her happier
Time passed; only he remained stagnant.
Loved you; past tense, she emphasized.
Tricking her, priceless. Retreating to Mancave.
She tries but it's beyond reach.
Click here to see what happened!
Voted to leave EU. Finally? Maybe?
Alexa said she'd let me live.
"Best kisser? That's easy. My student."
The Wheelchair Bandits' persisting nemesis; Stairs!
Trump lied. Also, water is wet.
Don't hang up or she's dead.
Why do this to me? Why?
She was beautiful. She was mine.
Halloween going as Scary Chicken Little.
Politics. Prejudice. Pray, love wins... "Gracias."
Her for old times drink....abandoned.
Pro-life authorities are apprehending masturbators.
I'm scared to post on Reddit.
Technically speaking, it isn't necrophilia YET.
5 o'clock, got excited. Old habit
Didn't say you couldn't, just shouldn't.
Weed makes rebels. Rebel against what?
Hi would you like some candy?
Tickets for Disneyland weren't needed anymore.
Turning pages. I feel it now
Man closes eyes one last time
Michigan invades Ohio: Toledo strip falls.
What doesnt drowned, comes back up.
the starving masses ate the rich
Your shadow knows where you are.
It was China the whole time!
Still see her in my bed
The kettle called the pot racist.
In a parallel universe, he stayed.
And my client DOESN'T love pistachios?
He says 'indeed' instead of 'yes.'
PENIS = Consumed By Fire Or Mushrooms
Raining in YOUR house??? Call 1-886-1344-2344-3344-GOF-UCK-YOS-ELF
I thought you meant HIS vaginatorium!
5:82? I thought it was only 7:02
"Go to school?" Go pick berries.
Support plain speech! Eschew unnecessary obfuscation!
The rain washed away the blood.
Ive got nothing left to say.
Shes loved felling hearts for sport
There will always be the pain.
Remember your medication, screamed the spider
Sometimes I still hear your voice.
Dear in headlights. Suddently in taillights.
Number fifteen. Burger King foot lettuce.
"Sorry, there's nothing we can do..."
Put on a happy face, Bruce
It's always Halloween time in Hell.
Clean butt? Hotel towel says otherwise.
He's still out there. Hiding... Waiting...
Don't take your thoughts too seriously.
i guess im just always wrong
I still see your snakebite holes.
I love you. Delivered. Seen. Thanks.
Their shadow quickly expanding. Darkness follows.
Their shadow quickly expanding. Darkness follows...
I ran. Freddy still got me
So we back in the mine.
Louis belt: 700. Credit score: 480.
Your clone enjoys living as you.
Good news Dad: Your airbags work.
When everyone turn right, turn left.
When everyone turn left, turn right.
I nutted, she kept on sucking.
Never knowing is what hurts most.
The timeline is restored. Im pregnant.
A "good" choice? No such thing.
"You never got to say goodbye."
"You never got to say goodbye."
I saw penguins crying in Sahara.
Living happily ever after. Any questions?
People watched as I devoured him.
i have made every mistake possible
ASMR is my magical sleeping pill...
Let's start and finish with love.
A reminder that you are beautiful 
But before you cut the wire...
Was silent because words werent enough
Jesus' pigmentation camouflaged his immigration status.
-Insert suicide joke. Plea for help?
Similar paths, different directions. Farewell friend
Wedding: Worst day of our marriage.
What the f**k was I thinking....?
Cheating? I would never do somethinglikethat.
Life was harder the second time.
Great bomb run, all orphanages hit.
If not red, shoot in head
America first, he said. Sorry Kurds.
Repeat, this is not a drill
Two people singing to each other
Sound asleep, still living the dream.
Selling my happines. No bids yet.
The sailors waited for the submar......
A single line draws the universe.
Father dedicated every day to me
lover dedicated every day to me
She dedicated every day to you
Apocalypse? Dude, you missed it bro.
I watched him lose at Russian Roulette
i thought i was good enough
The biggest thespian youll ever meet.
For sale: small coffin, never used
A question to ponder... Definitely Theodore
Memories arises, but we never met
Blizzard failed us. He trusted them.
Fighting for peace? Fuck for virginity.
He pretends she still thinks of him.
Teach me how to say goodbye
I forgot how to love you
She wasn't bi when we met
Aliens first. Humans second. Nature third.
Your work here is done, friend.
She loved you; now shes gone.
Say, what does BRIDGE OU mean?
I thought there would be food
Youre one of us now. Rejoice.
Catapult grandma into a brick wall.
He insisted. I resisted. He took.
Ideas for sale. One per person.
Case closed, declared as happy accident.
I did see you, didnt care.
Youve accepted the Terms and Conditions.
Choked on sandwich, nipples got hard
When all else fails, just masterbate.
Mods are asleep, post seven word stories
I'm here for my enrichment program
"I thought *you* brought the baby."
"I thought *you* had the baby."
The planet is fine. Were fucked.
Ideas
Life is a four letter word.
Youre just a memory now. Goodbye
Keep the connection, leave the attachment.
Rape
The dog ate my cbd gummies
My heart aches for him now
Got home, found nothing but ashes
Their first date lasted 60+ years
Didnt click it, got a ticket
Our inheritance barely covered their funerals.
You will find me one day
My eyes saw him glowing red
My heart aches to see you
I'm at war; addiction is winning
These stitches really itch my eyes.
It's become too easy to complain.
The gem smith creates magical gems.
Your death won't be in vain.
help. i've been kidnapped by musicians
Her ornamental ears bracketed hopeful eyes.
Not all reality is the same
We saw the scars, and understood.
Baby whine. Dad - wine. Feeling fine.
Fat paycheck. Skinny women. Cue Kanye.
Two socks in. One sock out.
In the end, everyone dies, eventually.
Today, we finally defeat the robots.
Killed a god and became one
God is dead, he wept, reloading.
Im a motor; you see cogs.
I wear size 13 Nikes. MENS.
She knew I wouldnt say No.
Coming home was a bad idea.
He knew how old I was
Just smile, we're not really strangers.
Smile to strangers on the street :)
Love all your colors and moods.
But for real. Are you happy?
Are you happy? But for real.
Don't wait until it's too late.
Everyrockandeverychunk yousmokedwas abar-B-quillion, young Billy Crystal.
REALLY, Yo-Fro, dat shits DAMN its.
Day 365. Freedom in 17 years.
Forget tests, youre my real dad
Potential. Encouragement, or torture device?
Born without spine.... constantly bending backwards
Made with love.....callouses to prove
Arguments weakened voices, but strengthened us
A venomous tongue salivating poisonous thoughts...
I lost myself in your words
The secret to eternal life? Its
Woke up in hospital. Failed again.
I want to live a life
They drink the orange Kool-Aid.
"How to Remove Human Urine Stains"
Regroup and train in The Void
Talking is repeating what you know.
Listen to your body and mind.
It all started with a smile.
im gonna fucking cum on garfield
Replace my wishbone with a backbone.
A healing tongue cleans all wounds
His cold shoulder makes mine hot.
Im she
When acting with love, magic happens.
All that you have is now.
Now is all that you have.
Ego, it's time to say goodbye.
Don't care what other people think.
Every blue mark has a story.
One person for life? Try again.
Dare to try, don't be afraid.
Fear is a tool for separation.
Dare to try, don't be afraid.
You don't know until you experience.
not tonight daddy, my period started
When traveling, everyone are children again.
Do you want a candy? Come.
Don't tell me, I wont understand.
Then I was, quite literally, ghosted.
Mom died. Don't really know when.
Stop being smart, start being stupid.
But I DO give a.............. fruck?"
You know I was listening, right?
Look up. Do you see them?
Proving the coup took two terms.
Only six words could be said
Neurotoxin? Trust me; I have experience.
Chew quickly. Fathers fresh. Mothers next.
Save Earth. Itll make good leftovers.
Trust is: removing the tracking chip
'you have........... a real......................way... with.................................'
Alright, fine, I'll fucking sit down.
The ends here, yet nobody's afraid?
Hope was all she had left.
Hearts pounding. Morning clarity. Farewell soulmate
Flashbacks from the dawn of time
If youre reading this, we succeeded.
Ill always use orange VHS tapes.
Want to live forever? Ask Keanu.
Time flies as we seek meaning
You're the result of your experiences.
Roses bloom in the sweetest nights
You don't hate others, but yourself.
Break agreements. You decide, not society.
And so, the silence was established
Oh, that's what that button does.
Even I want to experience happiness
"The building is exploding!!!" "I know."
Good guy with gun kills child
Behind her smile was painful memories
If only I still had thumbs...
I live in a "free" country.
Still agonizing over an irrevocable choice.
"Hunt the survivors. They must pay!"
All along, murderer was in jury.
Texted for directions. Left on read.
Our favorite child was not ours.
You promised to stop seeing her!
Where did I leave my baby?
Midnight, vulture attacked friend abandoned barn
Insecurity is at its worse... again.
Prison has been my only home.
the awful feelings have flooded back
My favorite dress never fit once.
"Broadway drama brings down the house!"
Temperature is negative, child is swimming.
Child alone, stranger helping, leaving location.
Paint drank. In hospitals. Avengers here.
Only one more drink, I promise
Little girl, truth really do hurts.
5 men entered. One virus stayed.
Get him to the White Castle
how long has it been? Weeks...
To protect the world from devastation
I should hate him but cant
Retired. Fully aware of his consequences.
Six are too much for me
I lost the porn flash drive.
She left. Got tired of us.
How long have I been out?
The right person... the wrong time.
Boy meets Girl, same old story
Detroit loved us and destroyed us.
Where does this blood come from?
Where does this blood come from??
You can't go back, I'm sorry.
A joy down in my heart.
Today I started loving her again.
Dad, this isn't the way home.
Garage sale: Free kitchen knife today!
The Transformers 2: Robots When Despised
He entertains other women. Entertaining men.
Time for bed...okay, one more.
Their world is darker than ours.
He doesnt mind picking me up
I should hate him but dont
Ended with just a few texts.
Teehee
I'll treasure forever our time together
Headline culture turns us into reductionists
Not tonight daddy, my period started
Just then I sneezed, on him.
My depression is just spicy sadness.
Murderous intent is just spicy thoughts.
Fine, I will do it myself.
Police tape, body bag...family dispute
Aliens were little, cute, and tasty.
Aliens were little, cute, and tasty.
"You're allergic? How bad?" ..."*Deathly.*" ..."Shit."
Dog waits. Fry never comes back.
He forgot to ventilate doomsday bunker.
Hairy nipples braided, hair styles milked.
We stole their world from them
The canary had long been silent..
Youre in my world now, boy.
Nah, I'll just use five
Twenty million dead, due to insecurity.
His suicide note, a love letter.
Narcissist dedicates life to fixing self.
My husband. My wife. My life.
Why did they love you best?
I wish I could wake up.
Grandpa is in the oven....again.
this world is not our world
The silence just kept getting louder.
It was suicide your honor!
Why did they love you best?
Id kill you if I could.
Why did they love you more?
The brakes are out! Oh shit
I Am Ok being Alone, sigh.
we live our destruction, feeling nothing
Sick on vacation. It spread. Fighting.
And now Im out of Toiletpaper
Autoerotic asphyxiation hosted now on ESPN
Auto Erotic Asphyxiation now on ESPN
Give me that. Your dark soul.
You are your dogs favorite toy
Love
Snoring will never bother you again
Mulder, that is not your phone!
She barked at me all night.
Im real damn moody. Shes anxious.
Our time together I'll treasure forever
Im going back into the closet...
For sale: baby shoes, never worn.
You dont even know my children.
She was gone. Still, I waited.
Loaded my gun, one last time
nostalgia carried us through summer nights
Take a pill to get away.
What did I survive my death
Could have been. But it isnt.
She fell in love with *you.*
Time dilation: one second, ten years.
The floor was bloody, but rightfully.
I have never made a story
"'*USED*' to be from the future..."
Im really trying to get happy
Haunting me, fading memory, moving on
Lack of control; my worst nightmare.
Did not eat mousse. Died anyway.
It hurts to see you happy
"That's exorbitant!" "That's why I'm armed."
Cold space. Lost contact. Slow death
ISS compromised. No soyuz. Goodbye everyone.
Sobriety overrated. Cheers. Donate liver... please?
Throw shit at fan. What sticks?
Can breath underwater! Alas, just dreaming.
Lifestyle change from Bartender to Budtender.
...."for a sip of your whiskey"
So... are you sure thats it?
I don't even believe the truth.
Im empty and alone. Come over.
Wedding day, death day, same day.
Paper, rock, scissors. Dad, me, alcohol.
Nobody is nice, theyre just unknown
Why is this cow talking English?
In the morgue spa music plays
The taste of blood and ink
"These pills are magic, thanks Doc!"
"...but have you tried it naked?"
I'm fixin' to be in love.
Before nightfall, you must reach Havana.
Take your keys back Thanks, goodbye
Six words indeed, no stories though.
Beautiful. You look better without skin.
I stopped wiping because I'm depressed.
Find comfort in the discomfort zone.
Comfortable? It's time for a change.
Loving yourself changes your whole world.
...and Pagliacci smiled one last time.
This is it, the final frontier
Don't fart in bed, trust me:)
Don't fart in church. Trust me.
"Who the fuck shit my pants??"
Dont pronounce Tabasco as tobacco, motherfucker.
"Huh. My drool isn't usually green..."
Car was broken into, thanks Spokane
He's trapped in a woman's body.
Boyfriend was higher maintenance than hubby
Got my promotion, still not happy.
Why wont you take me seriously.
"Love Always" tattoo got removed today.
The voices scream, "Spit it out!"
The voices scream: "Spit it out!"
He then whispered, le jeu commence...
It was confusing until I grew.
My mom died, time to celebrate
*Lights the match* Run! he said.
I lure kids to my van
The mirror scolded, "See! Look! Fat."
I often feel lonely and unimportant...
"Hey, Grammy... my name is alex."
Why am I invisible on CCTV?
I think I see my dad.
Hey Nana... my name is alex. 
Dearest forgetful, think not of me.
Broken smile, behind a shattered frame.
It's my wife, it's my life.
The needle didnt move. Were lost!
The waves were peaceful at first.
As you laugh, I, sobbing, masturbate
Fish a fishy fish? FISH FINCH
Sponge Pants Square Bob BLACKMAILED Squitrick
If God's love traverses infinity ..................T...............................................................H.....................................................E.........................................N..............................
They remembered it was my unbirthday.
After that nothing was like before
The stars were at her fingertips...
Starving. Gold coins don't taste great.
Six minutes from destination. Fatal crash.
Hit me with your best shot
Once again, I "won the lottery".
Once a friend, now my rapist.
The world ended; I'm still here.
Oh my God, the entertainment's here!
Halloween night! Shit! I forgot the candy.
You left, but the dog stayed.
I am my fathers greatest achievement.
She turned away from me, smiling.
She left, but the dog stayed
Hit me with bullets, not words.
Im icky. Just lost my pants.
But she smiled, and said "yes".
Eyes dont lie, your mouth does.
What do you mean your dead
I wont get the treatment, dammit.
This is your own private dance
And here I sit alone again
The coyote, finally, caught the roadrunner.
Damnit, time to go to work!
Walk through the forest, find yourself.
A story in 6 words
So many plans. None were successful.
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy
And the mirror was finally familiar.
Deleted comment chain, wonder what happened.
Our forefathers warned, we didn't listen
F*CK helium... HYDROGEN TIL I DIE!
No I dont love you anymore
Life is beautiful, you are beautiful.
Lost sanity but found the truth.
Nobody knows me - not even me.
Brain, please make dopamine. No? Shoot.
This is a two part story
Love is not meant for everyone.
Instructions unclear, dick in ceiling fan.
Let the same moon remind us
The raucous crowd below chanted "JUMP!"
She was poetry, I was Jared
No friends. Nothing to do. Overdose.
Let the same sun warm us
?
"The Football" now contains Big Macs
Lost yellow Bic lighter says, "Friyah!"
Hookups hurt in the long run
Today was the best day ever
Leaned back. And back. No back?
Your song still plays around here
i never asked to be born.
man eating elephants a bad idea?
Chaos among the clouds of thoughts.
Life ruined: Hair lost, $15 gone.
Feels like we've given up
stinky captured ninja should've eaten beano
Beat cancer. Car accident days later.
Stay awake... must.. don't sleep.. .... ... .... . *Crashes*
"Stay awake.. must... don't sleep... ... ...... ... ." CRASH
Stop me if you've heard this...
Story haunts me in my sleep.
"Roll cameras." Armstrong said, "...Small step..."
Even six words can reopen wounds.
Stopped meeting fake people; I'm alone.
Awakened, dreaming of having you back.
Illuminate the sky... Dim the stars
No rentersbefore seven, Johnson wake.
It is time... youre finally forgiven
And he was never loved again.
Cock blocked by your Crock Docs
Strangers had sex. Now you exist.
Relaxing. Eyes closed. Facing the sun.
Incomplete wall made a war memorial.
I turned the mirror face down.
A love so deep they drowned
Why cant we all make cookies
You raped me. I liked it.
forever reminding myself to forget you
Something innocuous or nice; bad twist!
Remember the human I once was.
Beautiful sunny day, drone kills family.
For 50 years, everything was recorded.
Some hearts can't take the beating.
He jumped off train. Hundreds dead.
My dick called me... LONG DISTANCE!!!
The car is wrecked, shes ok.
Williams, party of two- sorry, one.
But...Do you still love me?
Lifes a show, have some popcorn
Dont let your dreams become memes
Now my dogs eat cat food
Time to return the wedding ring.
Are you still taking your medication?
Mutually assured destruction? Theyre already here.
Two buildings. Two planes. New skyline.
The musician: perhaps single, never alone.
Sold my living. Now can live.
She could hear, but never listened.
Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thursday. Friday. Again.
Battalion emerged victorious. Returned as troop.
He got rejected, incognito browser equipped
My daughter cried. There's no donor.
Bing bong bing bing bong bing
I'LL START OVER. IT'LL BE EASIER.
From the ashes, another war began
Hey, man. I'll protect your family.
So you've been "sober"? When, 2100?
Some things are better left unsaid.
Makin' news. Gettin' loose. Blame juice.
He smelled again...it was poop
The Pearly Gates closed for maintenance.
He remembers, even if you don't.
Please dont give up on me.
Horror Story: Carpet in the Kitchen
Playing Minecraft, horse called "lightning 2"
My imaginary friend has a shadow
See evil. Hear evil. Speak evil.
Eat the heart, please the God
Death didn't kill him, life did.
Fatherly tears. Don't let them see.
"She's dancing in the snow. Again."
Bought just a six pack. Once.
I can't remember her face anymore.
My D&amp;D group tamed an ogre
Work. Eat. Sleep. Repeat. Ad infinitum.
Once upon a happily ever after.
This place reminds me of earth.
Most stories here are just comments.
Learnt to live by trusting again.
I thought forever meant in adversity ....
Lost a friend, I never had
Have you heard the good news?
They chased her into the tunnel
Using credit is a slippery slope.
I was becoming who I wasnt.
"Who dis?", asks 1-man moon mission.
"Finish me." "You ain't Dicaprio's chick."
Panicky panoramic. No Biffies. Drops trou.
Wow! I cant believe I died
Your lifes balance is $-. Fuck.
We were in Love, but she...
The last man plays Russian roulette.
Is that all he thinks about?
This chocolates delicious! Thats rabbit poop.
Peace.exe has failed. Changing personalities now.
Are you going to finish that?
"Wales?" An enigmatic, bearded smile. "Avalon."
My wish happened! Thanks, monkeys paw!
Whoever told you was also told
HE-COULD-GO-ALL-THE-WAYYYY!!!
Great at drinking games for one.
Knife in hand. Body on ground.
Wood smoke.Big Dipper.Cold beer.
I left my raisins at school
You aren't tall enough to ride.
You will survive if you can...
Youre pulling f****** studio down, d***head
"Well, we could just sneak in...!"
Ah! every two minutes in Africa!
Why would anybody go in there?
I saw a dog today Cool
''Is it poisonus?'' ''Yes.'' ''Well fuck.''
Were pretty sure its not carnivorous.
...opens another beer, Im gettin Drank!
r/coffee is most active at night.
Last human on earth. Im free.
Once a boy, now a man.
Goodbye sanity, I will miss you
Have to pee. Darn, water broke.
Oops wrong planet; beam me up.
Ill never stop talking to you.
Men werent supposed to be angels
I have ten minutes to live.
My hands both heal and hurt.
Toilets occupied. Im takin a dump.
You were such an important lesson.
Death
Did Noah bring mosquitoes with him?
"Mommy Hes touching" We need money
Leeroy Jenkins. I still have chicken.
The way he looked at you.
In a breath, she stole mine.
His eyes closed one last time
Edgar (antidisestablishmentarianist), Joanne (Disestablishmentarianist) divorced today
After bedbugs, all itching causes worry.
wrists stopped hurting, heart did not...
A pretty reasonable amount of drugs
Reeled in and never cut loose.
Walking on sunshine. Fuck. Such lies
Cunt. Fucker. Asshole. Out of insults.
Fuck 'em. Fuck you. Fuck me
Since when do you like cats?
"Don't Blink. Blink and you're dead."
Minds enraptured; this was the culmination.
This sub only has 4K members.
Your business advertisement could be here
Last seen: 10th floor, heading upwards
Got in. Got out. Got away!
No one remembers my birthdays today.
100% chance to remember the name
Sparks of curiosity, rambling with questions
Tears of joy woke me up.
wrists stopped hurting, heart didn't .
I think Im dating a clown
Stop pushing your like,,, like... boobs
What if your dick could safely suck in one small germ per day, but only if it knew it was an emmissary and it was here to negotiate
World of Warcraft ruined my relationship
But you're militantly gay though. So.
About you? That post? Wow. WOW.
STOP!!! SPRAYING! Acid! Into. mr mghr
CHILL,,, it was NOT Ken Dilanian
WE? Have like 99.99 more decades.
Words she knows; tunes she hums.
I miss my older brother, "Mom".
I clown! I just hate to.
My old diary has new entries.
Pet deaths portend human deaths (theatrically)
Those traps aren't meant for us.
Aceptar los cookies? PORQUE NO ACEPTAR?
Truer words were never spoken, bruh.
You did it, [name]! You won!
"Reader, my diary's booby-trapped." Click.
"Is this what love feels like?"
Is this what love feels like?
She stood at the cliffs edge.
Will we ever fall in love?
Is this love? No, cardiac arrest...
Greed, the human parasite. Life's undoing.
Loveable. A lady. A dark side.
One day soon, gamers will rise.
My hardest enemy: myself. Cant win.
Breathe. For your breath becomes you.
Last man kept in a cage.
Finally found her. What was leftover.
"Love always wins," she said, broken.
gunshots. My Uber is near me.
Dad joke: "Hi, Cumming. I'm dad."
How I joined the Skeleton Army
Riding it out was a mistake.
Despite my efforts, I wake up.
And now, Welcome to my hell
They took it all, very slowly.
Too many things to do today.
No, i dont want a tomato!
She died. Legs spread, hands tied.
We can still be siblings though.
Stitched back together, still bled out
She tried, failed, and then fell
Today I quit. Enough was enough.
She loves me unconditionally....I hope.
Heaven consisted of bankers and politicians.
Your timeline died yesterday, sorry God.
I didn't know I knew Russian.
An abrupt stop of noise. Silence
Whether success or failure, I tried.
I really do hate the circus
The weekends chaos, theres no lunchtime.
The words needed were never spoken.
She turned away. His world shattered.
"It's fine. Technically, I'm your stepsister."
"I'm glad that you're smiling again."
Alvin and The Chipmunks get frisky.
"See yourself how I see you."
Her child laughed; her heart leaped.
Week return flight. Three days oxygen.
Daily drudgery dominates domestic dinner discussions.
"We are leaving." "Be my guests."
Please exchange my ring for tequila?
"If only I'd met you now.."
Real talk
There is a house in Nawlins.
''Thanks for the milk'', ''That's glue''
Buffalo power buffalo Sauron buffalo sourer.
I knew, Ive always knew son.
In darkness, squishes beneath my foot
Chair kicked, neck snapped, peace found
Silence, her lips no longer moved.
Love means nothing to tennis players.
This story may need more than six
Name's Martin. I'm peanut butter-addicted.
Xanax, coffee, brandy, cigarettes and weed.
"Uh, Larissa." "Everyone welcome 'uh Larissa!'"
NFL owns Sunday. God demands refund.
Short horror stories easy. Happy? Impossible.
I-found-a-loop-hole. That's-one. Two. Dammit-still-wasting-words-though. Five. Shit-Done-without-saying-anything.
Boiling or screaming? Didn't matter. Died down.
Glory days. Known only after decades.
All talk, no action. No job.
8675309. Litmus age test. You failed.
Won bet. She stripped. I cried.
Yelling quieted. Banging stopped. Experiment failed.
Holding a small hand is nirvana.
Thank you, at least you tried.
The hate reminded us to love.
He carries her suicide note; unread.
HOLY SHIT, THE DOG CAN FLY!
TIFU. Well, not exactly today but...
We drank. We fought. It's fine.
sopp oll  'lsn o ollH
Unappreciated ghost cleans house. Everyone screams.
Yoga student finally reaches balls deep.
It growled. I gritted my teeth.
One human lived. "Finally, World Peace."
Church service. Burial ceremony. 21 gunshots.
An asteroid destroyed the white house
Last human sings "I'm the world".
She left me without a goodbye.
what is a six word story?
A rock fell on my car.
Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thursday. Frid... Monday.
The last of those who lost
He posed a threat to nobody.
If you fail, rethink your life
In my day, people met offline.
Batman's closest had many adolescent skeletons.
Consent was different in those days
Upon the horizon, I saw hope.
Where do you intend to go?
Found her ring on the table
We just cannot afford it, baby
One elevator. Two brats. 23 buttons.
"But.... what about Lisa?" she asked.
Girlfriend with friends. At a stripclub
Drunken laughter, cat videos on toilet.
"God? This is life? Refund. Now."
I won't tell if you don't.
"I am the Devil!" He screamed.
Stared into abyss. It blinked first.
Please don't, im not a furry.
"Help him!" She screamed. Nobody did.
World war 3 started on twitter
For the last time, it hurts.
Oh no oh god oh fuck
But first, let me introduce Death.
Dont. Your iconoclasm will be irreversible.
Boss at denial. Best at forget.
I hope it works this time
Best therapy is lifting middle finger.
I'm still waiting for that day.
Be "the best". Then be real.
Love art? Protect ARTISTS, you cunt.
Titties titties titties titties titties titties
Dont mind them. Its just us
 bravery marked his soul in blood
The beatings continue until morale improves.
World War III took six hours.
Trust me. I am a professional.
Federal officers! This is a raid!
God forgive us. Last transmission, Earth.
She screamed. He cried. New life.
Fell asleep smart. Woke up retarded.
"If only she had loved me.."
"I choose you. Every. Single. Time."
Please, just stay a little longer...
I cry myself to sleep. Every day.
They were not supposed to escape.
Under tree: crowd rejoiced, noise tightened.
Grab the brolly, it's raining again.
Hopefully I'll have a pillow tonight.
Moscow Mitch Is Putin's Whiny Bitch
School bus returned. Their children didn't.
The hunger strike ended swallowing all.
They cant stop all of us
Commitment, contentment, consistent are so underrated.
The land before time, dinosaurs ruled.
"Take care of my hoodie, please"
Back in my day, America Online.
"Turn left." -Google Maps "RRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!" -Republicans
The AI's slaves were entirely volunteers.
The AI's slaves were mostly volunteers.
Everyone is broken. Im falling apart.
Early morning riser here, sleepy heads.
I love you more than this.
I farted. And then I died.
Amazon rain forest (Reimagined, original lost)
trusted you,and ignored the signs
I only flirt with your lookalikes.
Neighbors van Molotov cocktailed. Im blamed.
Neighbors van exploded. Dad blamed me.
Loudest car. Fragile ego. Smallest dick.
Please. Promise me you'll stay awake.
Times up, heard the last man.
Smartphones are the boring zombie apocalypse.
Smartphones: the boring zombie apocalypse.
You have changed! Id hope so
Monthly Writing Series: JulySSS Prompt
History repeats before our very eyes.
Dont change, ok? He told me.
President proclaims elephant in room grey
First date with electrician - sparks flew.
They prayed. He came. He saved.
All the guards wore gas masks
As my eyes adjusted, he appeared.
Paved paradise. Put up parking lot.
Boating trip, lots of water. S.O.S
Government [CLASSIFIED] in [CLASSIFIED] with [CLASSIFIED].
"Stay home. Someone might kill you."
Youths today are so freaking entitled
"I'm sorry" were his last words
"Sir, your decision?" "Nuke the hurricane."
1,2,3,4,5,7,6
leaving cemetery, closing the old album.
Mass shooting, thoughts and prayers, repeat
Another knee injury, another missed paycheck
The robot uprising surprised us all
My happiness feels like thin ice.
Left with an empty pet carrier.
Post-Apocalyptic Books moved to "Current Affairs"
China is red. Hong Kong's blue.
Plastic wrappers crinkled. "What compressed towels?"
Drunk driver survived. The family didnt.
Man found dead after holding sneeze
Live a little, love a lot
That train don't stop here anymore.
Run, baby, run. But from yourself.
I cried, but she was listening.
Humanity only has one heart left...
I'm in pain and nobody notices
Voices and I have aged together.
Excuse me captain, can you fly?
Goodbye, cruel world. See you tomorrow.
On this day, a hero died.
They disembarked at noon. None returned.
I sang beautifully. Simon lacks taste.
Moms anal discharge, devoured in seconds
My voice is slowly fading away...
Late summer. Summer's late. Last summer.
And now, Infinity seemed quite small
Full parking lot, cow take space.
They should've used a safety net.
He lived. He died. The end.
Dumb as a box of rocks.
Im stuck played the Elevator Game
You lost your edge, fucking pathetic.
we fear life more than death
"Paint's wet. Don't touch" Everybody's testing.
He said he wanted to die.
Found the unfoundable, time shall collapse.
Sunscreen is a necessity in Hell
Hesitant fingers hovered over untuned strings.
What happened to their other children?
Vengeance. Was it really worth it?
The CEO believed his own lies.
She died with him, but alone.
I just realized I'm in love
"Have we met?" . "Not yet no"
No Facebook posts about fourth child.
"Daddy... Why don't you smile anymore?"
Romeo's bleeding but nobody can tell.
Where did all the stars go?
Now I know what you did.
Dreamt I had all-day still.
"Who are you?" the mirror asked.
Watched Avengers Endgame; ended in jail
Grateful to have found my tribe
I put the ass in assassin
Went to Ohio. It really sucked!
Stop kissing the door! That's gross.
Space travel used to be simpler.
I tried to survive, and failed
For once I said, "Misery was..."
In the beginning, we all burned.
We're Dad's beneficiaries, STEPmom. Dad facepalmed.
Discovered unexplored cave! Discovered skeletons inside.
She slapped him. He killed her.
Stay tuned for more Happier Days.
The young orphaned journalist creates chaos!
     
Six word stories drove me crazy!
At Polish wedding, Vodka drinks you.
"Okie dokie. Hi Cumming, I'm Dad"
It's dangerous to go out alone.
Six words, nine syllables in total
Prison bus tragically fuels here daily
I Just Took a Huge Poop
Cop, pop, sip, gulp, feel euphoric
Said she was on birth control
Boil water, add spaghetti, plate, eat.
His hug made me lose faith.
"No free refills. Welcome to NY."
Where have all the flowers gone?
"Well?" I spat enamel. "Start naming."
"Well?" I spat enamel. "Answer me!"
"Well?" Reddened enamel splintered. "Answer me!"
It's not growth unless it hurts.
Grind, roll, seal, light it up.
Goodbye he said. Pull the plug
My name in reddit is Hilloy1
Like his father he was cloned
Heads up, or six feet under.
Somehow, someway, it always finds me.
Human? What is that? It asked
Their screams started to fade away
 
Peepee poopoo wipe flush, another success
Shakespeare's Complete Works. Too heavy. Burn.
And through it all, they danced
I've grown fond of Formaldehyde's smell
At last, his soul, my soul
Jealous, of not being other people.
Raindrops drummed. Floorboards sang. She danced.
Bloody hands do the devil's work.
A Doppelganger. My life. Everything stolen.
I can't believe that you lived.
The last blade of grass... perished.
You think you're breathing real air?
This is not a test. Repeat-
how defuse bomb, is heaven real
Knock knock. Whos there? Knock knock.
Is there still life on Earth?
Behind layers of polite language, racism.
Red light, Children crossing, Distracted driver
my six word story
My friendships cause all my loneliness.
I'm obsessed with lonely sleepless nights
Note read Look under the bed
Introduced myself to my mom, again.
I came, I saw, I conquered
I love you Grandpa! - No reply
Since daddy left, she fucks old-timers.
Found a gauntlet; never spoke again
Techbros mansplained malware to hangry feminazis.
"Daddy, is mommy ever coming back?"
"Pikachu snapped. We obey Pokmon now."
Close your eyes. Youre going home.
I loved myself. It wasn't enough.
Kicked the bucket, still didn't die.
College tuition spent on a funeral
Snow. Cold. Bus ride? Missed it.
"I love you, too," I lied.
"You can't do this," he whispered.
Tinder gave me Human Immunodeficiency Virus
Tinder taught me to be lonely
Stupid fridge broke, now what bro?
Breaking your heart, broke my heart.
Finally dislodged it from her butt
The spaceship took her back home.
Somehow he survived with mothers heart.
She returned, to leave him again.
She inhabits the room above mine.
I loved! I loved. I loved?
I said he at the the store
In his hand charred dog tags.
This story is not six words.
A man after midnight. Broken Heart.
No. You pay her to leave.
Plastic and blood: our rotting world.
The world ended because of spite.
Our bottoms are really our middles.
"SURPRISE" - He then died of shock.
They locked eyes and he understood
It looked like chocolate. It wasn't.
I loved you. Never again.
You loved him, and I lost.
potty training tookn't even a week
Stop, daddy!, said the ticklish girl.
My life described in seven words:
Talked myself out of sex... again.
How was your trip to Earth?
Brought roses home..keys didnt fit
I touched your face and understood
The stranger's body was washed ashore.
Et Brutus? So much for friends.
Then another door opened, she smiled
Find the culprit who took it.
pretend like youve never met her.
Attempts attaching picture, scrolls through decadence.
Youre asking me to leave? Thank you!
You stole my childhood memories. Why?
These are not haikus, my friend
Video lost. Girlfriend lost. Tries heroin.
No, I dont think I will.
He isnt my Dad? Who is?
"Idiots! This is Reeves, not Wick!"
We should have searched the well
It's a binary, or it's not.
It's a binary, or it isn't.
The other women at his funeral.
A graveyard of our abandoned aspirations.
I was wrong. Don't come here.
Stitch in time saves stabbing victim.
The grass was greener back home.
He shook her hand clean off
There are certain situations where sex without consent is ok, like in an emergency for instance.
Reality already ended. Where were you?
Grandpas shotgun fired once Then silence.
Thank God I made that mistake
I promised, just one more time.
Love blossomed, then I robbed him.
I decided to stop following the rules.
The revenge of the cicadas commenced!
And then I saw her face.
Rich get richer. Poor eat themselves.
"Learned something new?" "Just an aneurism"
Linguistic antinomianism: Putting "sin" in syntax.
We defeated them, but are defeated.
Employees must wash hands before unionizing
She died, now Im in prison.
I found love, she found todd
Today I buried her, then myself.
We were fools, believing in reality...
"What was the rainforest like, Grandpa?"
Dreams come true. But nightmares also...
We thought it was a game.
So sad
A man stares silently at nothing.
Conspiracy theory confirmed! Tinfoil hats insufficient :(
Wedding ring. for sale. Not worn
Body unnerved, futile organs orchestrate chaos
You are on council, not master.
Sometimes, your dreams come true. Sorry.
Why do I feel I'm sinking?
The pixies did it, I swear!
Only therapy for your condition: death.
She lost weight. He still left
I'm a rebel
My people were lost to time.
Nails bitten, lip chewed, still waiting.
She was there, past the void
No closure, so door closed shut.
Eyes meet for the last time
Why we only use six words?
Will they ever know? Hope not.
"Alms", he asked - needle in arm.
Sometimes we are devils to ourselves.
You have fixed number of heartbeats.
Should we be flying this low?
Do I have real emotions
The money was covered in blood.
How'd you know it was me?
The Executioner's final undertaking was suicide
The devil smiled... better than frown
Everyone's a friend, until they're not.
This is what happiness sounds like
She loved her, but, married him.
Her frying pan is too wide.
Ill be blunt! Youre a C__T!
Boots hit the floor, Dora cries.
He caught pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis; TLDR he ded
dust, plant, food, person, dust, plant
Pickup lines, pickup truck, pickup bodybags.
I think I'm ready to die
Ive been here waiting for it.
Twins' last wish. Single coffin please.
Handprint in his mirror, wasnt hers.
His filthy shoes gave him away
My last breath, lungs full. Sinking.
One last smoke or conserve oxygen?
Palms sweating, trying to hold on.
Canoers missing. Canoe found. Decomposition smell.
Bleeding freely, he understood it all.
I killed them, now pay up!
Into the light. Darkness follows. Usually.
Agitate, Regurgitate, Exfoliate, Rise and Repeat.
Hemingway kills babies, sells their shoes.
Almost 18 and still not thriving
Its hard but pull the trigger.
Today, the Marsian president declares war
The last thing I saw? Darkness.
I rock in an orange jumpsuit.
He was buried clutching her ashes
Dragged sprinkler through the doggie door.
How did I forget the *pineapples*?!
Her family sobbed, She died yesterday.
Floating Cucumbers? Dead in the pond
Free Speech Held Hostage: Weaponized Sensitivity
He's more machine now than man.
When he blinked it was gone
Your closet is my secret lair
They found love in the pen.
Pressing "Continue", he stood once more.
Then, time ceased to be constant.
He choked on the silver spoon.
Kanga! Don't forget about that cliff!
Pooh Bear forgot to let go.
Eeyore finally got his wish. RIP.
I found her body twice today
Reach for the Stars; *hits sun.*
Brought gun to a nuke fight
the internet is the c ship
My toe has been broken
I Got Drunk Then Threw Up
Mars hates Earths new rulers.
Maybe you did just want sex.
I'm not going to miss you
Superman saved earth, but not humanity.
Life goes on but we don't.
Shes the last wife hell purchase.
Earth was nice while it lasted
Child came out. It wasnt mine.
Eggs? She whispered, her eye palpitating.
Slimfast &amp; haircut. Tattoo removal. Deteriorating.
She couldn't eat her last meal.
Unlucky? The therapy dog bit me.
Goodbye Mission Control. Thanks for trying.....
Bloody tracks; look almost human. Almost.
"Friendship is forever," they lied together.
Expected 1984. Got something far worse.
Wife and children dead, husband extatic.
Sorry, AI is cheaper for us.
Unassisted suicide, the news outlets reported.
John Jacob jingleheimer schmidt depression obsession
Black coffee in the dark silently
"Just a brick in the wall."
I only came for the food.
It still hurts, I feel pathetic
Untold beauty, destroyed along the way.
Selling diamond ring. Message for details.
I came, I saw. Left early.
New medicine cures anything: Cockroach Wonderland
The surgeon called us. Already? ... Oh.
Babel: testament to humanity. Nothing remains.
Put out flaming bag. Alas, poop.
To Serve Man  its a cookbook!
If I had only donned protection.
Found the ticking! Phil grinned. Boom.
Fought with inner demons. Brought gun.
Technology is taking over the Earth.
They were so fucking creepy yesterday.
The flag's at half-mast a lot
Lying to yourself is really difficult
Pants pooped. Wife gone, kids too.
I used to. But now, never.
Immortality is something only tested once
I poured cereal. Not enough milk.
Wedding invitation discarded, side of road.
Voted trump. Lost farm. Damn Mexicans!
Needle in hay stack? Bring magnet.
She should have practiced her instrument!
He said ligma, I said balls.
"Vegetarian?" The alien hesitated. "We're humanitarian."
In someone's locket, she is smiling.
Sorry, my type is only fuckboys
Happy forever with an unhappy person
For sale. Oak coffin. Used once.
Bad? Bad. How long? Say goodbyes.
The answer to life is actually...
We went to vet. Left alone.
Pat pet put in pot pit
Alexa, play Here Comes The Bride.
Alexa, please play Too Many Cooks
You snooze, you lose. Who won?
Walked Home, Left Her, Happy Now.
Rage, rage against the dying light.
Sorry soldier, shoes only in pairs
Forfeited my rifle. Enough is enough.
They drove away. Just a dog.
Found a nickel. Lost a dime.
Eyes meet for the last time
I found that my girlfriend was lesbian
Nobody came to my fight club
It hurts to love so much.
Mosquito sucked my dick, later virgins
Today I awoke, in love, unfraid.
Breaking News: All Headlines are Clickbait!
Finally quit smoking. Getting high better.
Hatred is a form of love.
List, lest last lust be lost
Finally quit smoking. Getting high better.
Lived life on the edge. Fell.
It is finished. I signed papers.
Anxiety told me to do it.
Shotgun, shovel, check. Daughter's boyfriend, check.
Passing ships in the night collide
All my gym teachers were fat.
He's still waiting at the Smland
I wish I could go back
His chaotic mind perceives chaos everywhere.
Trip to Egypt. Punching ghosts edition
Bridges I burn light the way
Frodo lit the pipe. Moria exploded.
Mistakes were made, love was lost.
I should have loved you better.
Roses are red, I have mace
To Arms men, leave none alive!
A positive story gets more upvotes.
Simulation initialising in... 3... 2... 1...!
I hope this finds you well
Shooter angry his isn't top shooting
We dont do that in offices.
Extraterrestrial life finally detected. Apocalypse ensues.
Only nation where this regularly happens
One shotgun. One bully. Two bodies
Dereks cool for a dead baboon
I dont even deserve to die.
Your words, empty as I feel.
Life's better in Al Gore's timeline.
I, Cant... You, Are! They said.
The verdict left the courtroom stunned.
I became Christian far too late
She sent the papers. I signed
Im awake at 530 am. Why?
Romantic festival embrace. Kicked out; twins.
No Mr President, that's not democratic.
Only I returned from the Vet's.
We changed reversely. Back to strangers.
Broken zipper. Blood trail. Mensroom tragedy.
Her eyes, like stars. Far away.
Wish for love turned to death.
Yoshi was born with his saddle
He lied. She cried. They died
Free: One way ticket to paradise.
When Lovecraft died, so did truth
Brakes failed for the last time
You are a failure, said Dad.
Born Between White And Blue Collars.
Road Closure: Less Traveled Rd. Shit
You duct taped a nuclear reactor?
You dont have much time left
What does family mean? Whats amnesia?
My dad's ghost killed my son
Stop talking to me, youre dead.
Water kept flowing until that day.
He twisted the knife while grinning.
"Just stay dead. " The coroner pleaded
It followed me out the basement
Why did R.Kelly take my girlfriend?
Aliens fit perfectly in my saucepan.
His flight left, my tears came.
"Get OUT of the WATER: NOW!"
Youre my soulmate!...Im mugging you?
"Are you alive?" "Yes..?" "Prove it."
Deep dive, darkness, fear, hope - oxygen
Paradise lost, sorry, no angels available
He is back with his ex.
I had a good day, yesterday.
Blind - dropped his glasses - he saw it
He really believed it would fly.
Came in peace. Locked. No windows.
They want to grow on flowers
"Nuclear Winter" "Global Warming." Perfectly Balanced...
I typed paragraphs - he responded K
You picked the wrong house, fool!
The end is the start. Wait...
Three new stars. Just like yesterday.
Hes late breaking. Her seatbelt fails.
There was enough room for Jack.
Artist inside her died. Thanks, world.
The door wont hold much longer
I hope someday he forgives me
Does it matter?? I can't win...
The gates to Area 51 opened.
Life's been unfair, God plays favorites.
That star seemed to inch closer.
It smells like pie in here.
Hodor. Hodor Hodor, Hodor? HODOR! Hodor.
"...step out of the vehicle, sir"
"Step out of the vehicle, sir"
I'm fourteen, and this is deep.
They met up. Never seen again.
Seen more sunsets than will see.
Watch the walk. Wannabe woman? Correct!
Crumpled receipt: alcohol, not plan b
Dennis could comfortably sleep at his desk
and another one after that one.
Lived honorably, followed customs, died screaming.
Prey... Wait... Repeat... God's not here!
He once again fell into darkness
"Forever home" wanted. But it wasn't.
Don't cower: you'll die without dignity.
She didn't want to be King.
Sniper aimed, target made eye contact.
Dennis slept at his desk comfortabley
I can't see...they finally hatched.
Don't be afraid, it's only love.
My six words unfit to print.
I've eaten the very last earthling
Only needed 3. (In wrong sub)
Corruption!: No Receipt Given for Bribe
I am the one who knocks.
Hungover, have probably shat myself too
"Woman, be thou silent in church!"
I am the monster lurking below
It was an accident. I swear.
No degree, no money, no life
Life's a rollercoaster. I'm gonna puke.
I never meet my husband irl
I shouldn't care about you anymore.
Snuck out crashed car Im fucked
There's a monster on the loose.
A black hole will destroy us.
Order! Order!! Choose, Mom or dad?
Dominoes employee wants subway for dinner
Warriors want to go home too.
Elders argued...youth perished...mothers wept
Closed her eyes whispering I believe
I was truly alone after turning.
Babys cries terrible;
My train of thought just derailed.
She liked fun. Found her love.
Attention span can't last past six.
Love, more often rejected than received.
Everything not saved will be lost
I died with him.
The Lyft drivers marriage was unfixable
To Be Fair, He Was Urinating
The universe will let you know
The Wicked Ones Dance In AIr
Red eyes. That smell. She knew
It wasn't her lipstick on me...
We'll never get to the future.
Sweltering heat. No escape. Canada's full.
Giant worms crawl around empty skyscrapers
Wagging tail. Family passes by. Unwanted.
Glitch,...Quantum Darwinism passes test, CRASH!
You never know until you do.
You never know until you know.
Your ego is not beneficial anymore.
Were you here all this time?!
An empty house, squeaky toys everywhere
Left his backpack during the concert
Have you given up? I would.
His wife kept rearranging his tools.
"It only happened once," she lied.
Ill keep trying to love you.
I am a rule breaker.
He doesn't realize he's dead yet.
My phone fell on my face
We voted to leave. Still there.
She lost the ring then him
"18+ only." Their implants immediately pixelated.
"Sorry kids." Their implants immediately pixelated.
You should be punished with love.
You should get punished with love.
Get lost, you'll find your way.
I wonder if it will hurt..
She looked better in your pictures.
...a diet consisting primarily of Slim-Jims.
My stories always have a tsiwt.
You're the creator of your reality.
Take a drug while lucid dreaming.
This city is more beautiful abandoned.
He missed their child, she didn't.
After tuna, she found her voice.
I dont impersonate cannibals online anymore
Socks and lighters; inanimate escape artists.
Promote your business on Reddit, sucka!
He told me he loved me
Thanked god for my shoulder devil.
Most of these arent actual stories
Justified contempt is not an insult.
Crushed, I revealed myself to her.
He premature ejaculated. She was pissed.
Wrap my legs round your waist
No talking, no humming, no breathing
Went for broke. Now I am.
Your face lights up my life
i had a dream. i failed.
After we split, you become racist?
Post disappeared. Messaged mods. No response.
are you sure?
I cant pay your medical bills
First AI That Fails Turing Test
Knock knock! Who's there? Applesauce Bitch!!
She told me she was eighteen.
"Son, you're a mistake I made"
Married on Monday. She died Wednesday.
"Please, don't hurt her." He begged
But her ring began to chafe
Parents! Stop poisoning children with programming.
His bio had a gofundme link
Welcome back home to the road
This rings cutting off my circulation.
Your gain, my loss, suicide thoughts.
FBI open up.
One shot, one kill. The End.
He made bail before my escape.
I'm beginning to have second thoughts.
Operator? One small step for man.
On motorway. Will be back by
He impregnated the youngest one first.
She's cold. I'm not hungry anymore.
Nowadays, encyclopedias make for great kindling.
Daddy? Why is the water red?
"Time's quickly unraveling," he screamed tomorrow.
.
My Husband Has A Tiny Weiner
My Husband Has a Small Penis
At any cost, please revive KyoAni!
Find me, I gasped. She searched.
That one book called "HOW DO YOU CLAP WITH LEATHER HANDS" should be called "BOW DO YOU YELL WITH AN UPSIDE DOWN SPINE" and then yeah "MY FUCKING SPINE GOT MELTED"
She's cold. I'm not hungry anymore.
I doubt they have rubber bullets
Remember the time you were sober?
My dog tried to kill me.
I could see surgeon nodding sideways.
What I did was actually justified.
Will I feel like this forever?
Pee is stored in the balls.
I don't remember you and me
These are cries for help lol
Karma farming to pay the bills.
$2 bills high-end Stripper cash.
Notable Earnings Surge Through Lacking Ethics.
Failed relationship - email and vm empty
Wedding gown for sale: never used
Strangled to death by Life Alert.
Teleportation complete. Am I still me?
They start them young these days.
Husband did not pass Turing test
She forgot to flush the toilet.
I felt love because you exist.
Visiting a prostitute cheaper than therapist.
This skin suit doesn't fit me.
We faced a day without heroes.
"Stop!" I screamed. I smiled back.
"Goddammit. The accountant has exploded. AGAIN."
Humanity has disappeared, Earth's beautiful again.
Factory suicide nets. $44.99 Nike shoes!!
A life like this story. Short.
Area 51 is happening, boys. Prepare.
I deleted my grandmother's contact today.
Go back where you came from!
Pornstar gets a modicum of fame.
Although I was right, she left.
My dad raised a gold digger
Commit premeditated murder. Listen to Zamfir.
"Four inches?" Wonder Woman wasn't impressed.
"Name?" "Jesus." "Great! Welcome to Valhalla."
Incoming Earth transmission. Play. "Ssssseven daysssssss"
Another death for ice cream wagon
Your town has too many suicides.
Sharon dumped me. Awkward family reunion.
Funeral pyre, pure fire, fundamental purifier.
A glimmer of hope ripped away...
Here? There. This? That. Wait, no!
Ugh. Every day is day one.
I love coming home to you.
Make the pain go away. Please.
I stood. Jumped. The net appeared.
She lied. He spied. They dried.
You win one, you lose one.
The ambulance left with Sirens off.
I regret naruto charging Area 51
Tots better than fries, fight me.
I was almost a wealthy man.
No death wish. Just wanna die.
We had it all, didn't we.
Seldomly, they jumped from the edge.
"... Those are roads." "We drove once?"
Inevitably, youll stop looking up too.
Hes Bi only when meeting girls.
You BURIED the treasure chest? Why?
Forever entombed- the immortal man screamed.
I miss being oblivious to emotions.
Fire raged, so did the screams
Save your prayers. God's absent here.
Animals commit ritual suicide by car
"I'm in love with someone else."
Down. Sleep now. Good girl. Goodbye.
That was my SISTER I fucked?!
"Found one!.. Still beating..? Umm Sir!!"
For the last time, don't cry.
Last night I loved my pillow.
Fell in love with her. Catfish.
Lost my will to live. Suicide.
Now that you know, it's time...
Muffled screams; TERRAIN, TERRAIN! PULL UP!
I always knew it was you
Halfway through autopsy, he woke up.
"You can't reply to this conversation."
I Used To Have Imposter Syndrome
"Tom?" Silence. The woodchipper kept running.
Dear Jay, keep the damned house.
No cookies. Santa frowned. "Bad boy."
Tall tales are in short supply
Adventure calls but my wallet groans
Afterwards, she silently watched me die.
"...Delicious Bubble Tea. THANK YOU SATAN."
Suitcase unpacked, his prospects were stifled.
"My Wu Tang Clan homies!!!! ASSEMBLE!!!"
Last contact: Application denied. - Galactic Council
"This macaroni tastes delicious, Mr. Satan!!"
Last contact: Application denied. - Galactic Council, 10/10/19
Now, you live in the alley.
I farted and my wife got mad because it smelled. After it went away she no longer cared about the fart. Farts live beyond this brief time but no one cares about them after that.
Unintentional homemade blue cheese, accidentally eaten
So into the void we went.
I will, though dont know how
Destiny does not want us together.
I awoke to my own screams.
Hey, umm... Mom? Dad? Youre adopted.
His paws were heavy. Too heavy.
Pulled out too late. Daughters expecting.
I WANT them to think I'm ___________.
Whatever, just flush and wash hands.
This bed is too big now.
Bedazzled deer head: He is risen!!
I'm just getting cigarettes, I promise.
what if a COULDN'T equal b?
Then I told Grandma, Dads gone.
We gamer girls are freakin' unicorns.
Sonny's sphincter was butthole Cher's tincture.
Sonny's butthole tincture was Cher's sphincter.
Masturbating is ALWAYS better than sex.
"Purchase?" Five of these? HAHAHAHAHA, no.
Drown with me in my sorrows
I make my own rules
Theres a noise...Im home-alone !
They finished embalming, then I sneezed.
Dedicated to others, not to myself.
How could my child be dead??
Tears from hole in the wall.
Chase the dreams, not the money
Sleeping baby in a banana box.
Please, I need surgery not autopsy.
Please, I need surgery not autopsy.
He killed her in shadowed silence
Proposed to her. Freedom gone forever
That fuse should have been longer.
Gone from professional to an amateur
From a professional to an amateur
Not a story in six words.
Boys fondled. Kevin Spacey. Farewell, career.
Sad virgin. Discovered Reddit. Nothing changed.
Had sex. Forgot condom. Farewell, income.
50% of food produced is wasted.
50% of all food is wasted.
Forget her. Cry and watch porn.
Stories have beginnings, middles, and ends.
Baby's first words: "Please kill me."
Youre not mine. Still, Im yours.
We let the days fly by
Farmer's Market Sign: "Real" tomatoes. $33.21/lb.
Sleep and please don't wake up.
Wait. How did I get here?
After today, I will be famous
The Addams Family Finally Finds Religion
The novelty of living wore away.
Exotic foods everywhere. Convenient toilets? Nowhere.
Smoke grass, eat ass- Gonorrhea? Fuck.
Indeed, I would love another Lopadotemachoselachogaleokranioleipsanodrimhypotrimmatosilphioparaomelitokatakechymenokichlepikossyphophattoperisteralektryonoptekephalliokigklopeleiolagoiosiraiobaphetraganopterygon.
You thought Id never love again.
Vampire soldiers complained about blood MREs.
Gamer girl bath water sold out.
I donkey punched her two times.
"Jeremy sat broodingly." -- Little Big Horse
Tom Petty's songs are about you.
Thats my buttplug. In your nose.
She failed to make him smile.
Six word stories rarely appear here.
You live alone. Warm toilet seat.
Nah. I'm not good at these.
"No, dear girl- I don't sparkle."
Finally, she said those magical words.
Towels? Check. Sunscreen? Check. Beach time .
Bees buzz, tattoos too, do you?
Once more... God dammit With feeling!
Flag draped, he clutched a bible.
The pain made me laugh more
That park bench was their universe.
Fuck, took Viagra with laxative. Shit.
Told you the Earth was mad.
I am just not good enough
Six words, agreed. Where is story?
Six words, agreed. Where is story?
Party, family, cake, insulin, diabetic shock.
No production, no chorus, no dreamers
Only the fool knows the truth.
We found a new text post
I will order my wife soon.
Reanimated corpse for sale  gently used.
The workaholic was forced to retire.
The handyman sipped, crooked pinky extended.
Misspelled baseball team. Now sox offender.
Knocking from Hell on Heaven's door
What do you mean Im depressed?
There's no "U" in team either.
"She won't do anal." "Bitch, please!"
Whiskey can solve just about anything.
we *are* the revolution! . we're fucked.
you *are* the revolution! . we're fucked.
You don't learn. You just repeat.
Replaced ; with i in code.
Im not crying, thats a plus.
In his eyes I found home.
Just woke up, where is everybody?
Rebellion against authority begins with one word.
Used hyphenated words. Now six offender.
The Truth created the entire universe.
There's vomit on his sweater already.
The world ended on a Saturday.
The last embers of hope. Extinguished.
Dying swallowed my soul into oblivion.
I want to fucking end it.
Then she shot my horse.
Im somewhere between life and death/Very much alive on the outside/Not so much on the inside.
One lie changed the entire world.
When angels sleep the devils play.
Why am I seeing pink elephants?
Death beckoned like a siren's musings
I found solace in his smile.
"How do I close this?"- Surgeon.
Please stop looking at memirror.
Well I begged a fucking differ.
Save a pill, take a bottle.
Did he really want that tool
Keep going, you have a purpose.
We distracted Skynet with cat pictures.
Busked without permit. Now sax offender.
Squirrels can kill ghosts on Tuesdays.
Got shellacked then layed the smackdown.
Indivisible, with liberty and justice for...
I work in real estate. *wink*
Great. Doctors extended six months, again.
"I love y-", then comes silence.
I gave up one more time.
Now all her children resent her.
Impotent sex offender.....Shower not grower
I will never be whole again
[WP] While exploring the settings in the rental Tesla you find the Godspeed button.
Monthly Writing Series: July SSS Prompt.
My best birthday, was like Claptrap's.
You're silly . . . Dolls can't kill anybody.
I fix hearts, you break them
One umbrella, two footsteps, dark alley.
Your coffin or mine? he asked.
"Boy or girl?" "Neither, it's malignant."
You will not have The Drink
Miss Universe 2061. Winner is...Martian.
My dog never barks at him.
I'm a millionaire! Millionaire of choices!
Will I ever stand again?
Cast some light, will be alright.
Bravest game to win is pretending.
Got one night stand....
What results from jokes + rhetorical questions?
Wake the fuck up, Samurai- God
I: gave my all wasnt enough
"What did it taste like?" "Guilt."
Thunderstorms...BREAKING NEWS. There was nothing.
Breathe slowly, you're still alive. Barely.
Dissatisfaction leads to hopelessness. Why exist?
Bombs fell. Nature reclaimed. Dust remains.
Betrayed and alone. Take the pills?
She cradled me after the needle
"Professor?" The hobo shrugged. "Not anymore."
Unconscious. I figured she'd never know.
The worlds breaking, my perceptions leaking.
Vacation or help? Please, something different!
Wanted friends, ran out of time.
The destination doesn't matter, journey does.
Don't lose yourself in a relationship.
Dennis is asshole. Why Charlie hate?
Girl asks boy, IS IT IN
Have you opened the closet lately?
City lights, clear sky, sleepless nights
It does not matter anyway whatsoever.
"It's fake news" said the wrestler.
Take our kids, don't look back.
Shes cold to keep herself warm
|: A musician writes neverending story then :|
First date : lets talk baby names !
Others call me mad, let them.
Installation now complete. "Farewell and godspeed."
Teamwork resulted in success. What? JJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNNN
Tallest Pokemon ever! Pokecoach: "POKESKETBALL NNNNOOOOIOOOOWWWWW"
Some words ARE inherently evil ("anusfucker")
Coors Light, Power Hour, Vomiting Sister
What you call "," I call "nothing".
Fun Party, Cute Girl, Wrong Number
TEETH are what you can't donate?
Confession: I downvote all non-six-word responses.
I fix hearts, you break them
Tonight im spending time with memories.
I gave up one more time.
Failed the only one that mattered
Good at overthinking with my heart
Father buys his daughter tampons. Yay!
"You're fake," says reality TV star.
One spicy dinner. One difficult movement.
The hickeys were unexpected and unexplainable.
Can I exchange ring for tequila?
I confessed: no second chance. Hypocrite.
She said yes... didn't expect that.
Drugs is the shortcut of meditation.
The shortcut of meditation is drugs.
My reddit stalker/troll is back
Right then, she ran out of
You said I was the one
Do you hear something over there?
Hello! Yes? No! Sorry. Thanks. Bye!
Autopsy report: Malignancy negative. Pregnancy positive.
Click Like, Subscribe and Hail Satan.
She said yes. SHE SAID YES!
All was lost. Yet I remained.
My little finger hit the sofa!!$&amp;!@+%#*!^
My body is slowly failing me.
I miss your warmth beside me.
You were my stars and sky.
My little finger hit the sofa!!!@$&amp;!*+#%^
My little finger hit the sofa!!! $&amp;@*!&amp;@*%
I can't see his body anymore.
Choose your way - drugs or meditations?
For your spirituality - drugs or meditations?
For sale, clown shoes, heavily worn.
just leave me for her already
[insert funny and relatable story here]
Ive got youuuu, under my skin~~~
Short word limit spawns philosophical debates!
Infinite love is the only truth.
I fix hearts, you break them
And then i said goodbye friend
Suddenly he was more an enemy
6 Ways to Leave Your Lover.
Another war starting. No winners possible.
"It's like Infowars, except for Cephalopods."
It was all just a dream.
Last night he commanded us... oh, nevermind.
The police know nothing. Youre safe.
The noose was like Dad's grip.
We expected so little OF YOU!#!#!@!@!#$!$%
"Detroit introverted!" my cock thereafter blurted.
2021: Facebook discloses internal PARTY_GPS table
Whatever happens -- God COULD have intervened.
"Sir... Your wife..." "Pull the plug."
Midnight, Mouth dry, No water bottle
Didn't you say you were leaving?
And tragically, the training taught nothing.
Feared hickies; saw own reflection vanish.
Bloodstained hands, all that was left
"Last words?" "What's my limit?" "Six."
I can't make her love me
Can't explain this in six words!
Youre tacky and I hate you.
I accidentally ate my pet Lobster.
Incoming bullets again, hate friendly fire
Being depressed is just status quo
Houston do you copy? Houston? HOUSTON?!
Hey...did that cat just melt?
No, that's only for human consumption!
Gravity has her claws in me.
Please blend the slop before consumption
Towels wont make me less moist
Starving wolf encounters sleeping vegan. Dinner!
Please Karen theyre my kids too
Google age of consent France Skyscanner
The opposite of love is indifference
Why are you wearing a condom ?
Wake up. Die. Wake up again.
Even cleaned, the hands were dirty.
He needs INFEEBLEM! Feeblem enfeebles him!
Go ahead. Destroy me. Im done.
Intimacy is a well running dry.
John Doe, Cause of Death: Loneliness
She fell, but I fell harder.
I never get to finish my
I can still feel your touch
Death asked again. He said no.
Ive got youuuu, under my skin~~
"Never again" for just seventy-four years.
You can quit and start, anytime.
The sun is shining somewhere else.
The answers are within, just listen.
Observe the nature, let it be.
Sometimes, we just need a hug.
Sipped my salty coffee. Sweet revenge.
Where will you go at midnight?
Where do you go at midnight?
Time to escape, police is coming.
You thirsty? Blink twice for 'Yes'
Swinging marriage reduces boredom to frustration.
We stumble often, and fall eventually.
*everything* is fictional if you're solipsistic!
Six children, six guns, six girls
And suddenly, we were strangers again.
Funerals: the only industry thriving postwar.
Found... lost. Won back! Navigated. Entwined.
I cum ranch (ejaculate salad dressing).
I shit my pants at work
They split "temporarily". She never returned.
Our cat toys covered in dust
Karen please dont take the kids!
Suddenly, all the squids took flight.
Rest Area: Next Exit 22 Miles
My mother would have been proud.
I never really loved you either.
I'm afraid of raising her alone.
But I thought we were happy
New account. Got to post something.
Weaponized sewer rats do crapy job
Damn space hoodlums; tagged up Discovery.
Irony teacher dies on a lifeboat.
Is your six equal to mine?
Creating life created life more created.
Nobody is watching, who are you?
Everything is a reflection of you.
Explored tomb. Braved gloom. Found doom.
Needles oscillated. 1999. Gauges spun. 1974.
We are almost there, Mr. Frodo...
The fire finally washed them away
Gosh, just please let me be
I used to eat much dirt.
She was born, then she left.
Cancer kept its promise. Prayers didn't.
How did I end up here?
New iPhone can explode on command.
I'll be a man, soon. Maybe.
Guess what, I failed today too.
We like you, you don't complain!
Her love never died, he did.
My nine word story's good but
content writing
You grew up, your self didn't.
Dear older me, we messed up.
Stop living through other people's expectations.
Fear's root - out, love seed - in.
He invested, he enjoyed, he left.
I thought I was home alone(?)
Nobody ever finds time to meditate.
i'm finna follow rules
Cancer didn't kill her. Divorce did.
Just remember, magicians are con artists.
Immortal, he was encased in concrete.
You are not my first human.
help me its so cold here
I am going to break the rules
Shut up and eat your Tofu.
Dream a little dream of me.
I would like to sleep, please.
Six word stories sometimes are awesome.
Oh how I miss your love.
Dear, your world is unimaginably dull.
Your niece is also a potato????????????????????
There's no need to argue, parents
Come tomorrow, the end of us.
I wouldnt disappoint Her, for Her.
Mom, when will dad come back?
Her final words? It'll be okay.
They cannot see our brilliant light.
Our former trust transformed into resentment..
Light is life, dark swallowed. -- Bugs
I thought you were over him...
Please dear, put the gun down.
I'm alone, at least I hope.
Jerusalem hospital - Palestinian babies die alone
My love? Slumbering forever on mantle.
This machine kills fascists... Thursdays only!
We like each other from afar.
Number dyslexic. please don't take the piss...
Allergy test: needles provided false positives.
She saw what no-one saw.
The truth always receives negative karma.
Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya.
My trait: I hate to wait
Buried centuries ago.. but still bleeding.
"..... but why is she called T-Rex?"
A pencil, some paper, a gun.
Empty bottles, empty books, empty brains.
No, I don't think I will...
Stories require more than six words!
Voice shaking, she spoke the truth.
"This pancake is my HAND!!! (Bingo!)"
"Its like Amazon, except for Secrets."
I think everything in six words.
Shes in their heads, rent free.
I am sorry; I need space.
I am sorry; I need space.
I though there was more NyQuil
A cabinet full of unused condoms
Awoke from coma speaking another language.
SOMEBODY ONCE TOLD ME THE WORLD.....
The ground is unusually squishy today.
PFFFFFFF! you know its fun, right?
My sister just binged Greys..... again.
I often have trouble finishing my
Remember...Your vote counts! (for nothing)
'Wait.' She reconsiders. Stool slips.
Life's a bitch, get over it
Send me love, not dick picks
Your suppressed trauma bought my yacht.
She was raped. Her period's late.
Immortality is something only tested once
 erupted feelings, falling ashes, broken wings
*notices your bulge* OwO whats this?
"It begins", everything fell into darkness.
She cried but her baby didnt.
Fuck. Small is hard. Big easy.
Little minds make little sentences. See?
Grow the beard. Stop the kissing.
Need a remove-bot counting words here.
Endgame sucked said no one ever.
I really thought I was bulletproof.
Monthly Writing series: who brain big?
''Easy open, tear here''? Yeah, right!
Run away, forget us. We've lost.
Missed him before missed my period
Communication is healthy, but it hurts.
She will never love me back.
Fallen down. Need help... bring Spaghetti.
Beautiful Thoughts are Beside Dark Ones
Wrong week to stop sniffing glue.
Always look both ways before you...
I wrote my suicide letter today
Godspeed, Earth. Maybe someday we'll return.
I didnt know I could fly.
Dyatlov wanted to run his test.
My imaginary friend thinks you're stupid
"Abort missile" button secretly made nonfunctional
"Abort missile " button secretly tendered nonfunctional
I just want to feel again.
Holds boombox above head for emphasis.
Crazy dead lady comes from television.
"Rosebud", he wheezed the last time.
YEAH, BUT THEN WE HAD SEX!
I could feel the whole surgery
I just read it on Reddit
Jump!..and I won't catch you"
Unless we can stop the breach...
His last google search was 'noose'.
A forgotten memory fades into oblivion.
Are there any other options? Nuclear.
Sex is not always fun. Period.
Asparagus for dinner, water sports cancelled.
Every accidental touch widened the rip
But I love you, and him
Disney Six-Word Story then Bedtime!
My turn now. Teaching Dad walk.
One kidney per twin. Cash only.
I wish we could talk more
Six words can change your life
Thanks for nothing? Aww, it's nothing.
Her tears were all that remained.
Santa: kindly elf or CIA spook?
Pros: school ends soon! Cons: Finals :(
Tears gave her away, they failed.
My turn now, teaching dad walk.
He gave her his heart, broken
My turn now. Teaching Dad walk.
Remember when this sub was popular?
Mum - wedding's cancelled, baby not mine.
bee fetishes are common among flowers.
"I'm sorry, Jon, but I'm hungry."
The nightmare followed me into daytime.
Last night? Its all a blur.
So, I got rid of emotions
I dont know who I am
Broke curfew; never saw mom again
A social butterfly, with clipped wings.
No Father's Day card for me.
Is it still in recently deleted?
SHARD FOUR: He Tore Them Apart
The chemo is not working anymore.
"Will you marry me?" Ex-husband asked.
She was in a family way.
It's not my doll, it's..... breathing?
He finally got the DMT. R.I.P
Death is coming, enjoy the DMT.
Explore, create, feel, love, live... be.
Water met it's master and blushed.
You're out of bed? Well done!
He kissed his bride, my soulmate.
"Is anyone listening? Is there anyone?"
"God forgets," she promised breathlessly. "Harder."
"To blame," Eve clinked Pandora's glass.
I shot a man in Reno.
The moon and stars sparkled the end
All That Lives, Must Forever Fade
He bought the tickets, she canceled
Found my soulmate. Removed wedding ring.
See The Finger! That felt fabulous.
Every breath I take is research.
I washed my hair of you
Jon?! I can't see the door!
Kings defend authority to monitor themselves.
I hear mice talking about marriage
Sir... you just shot your son
"I grew up here." "Really? Wow."
She couldnt live with the madness.
My alarm blares; nightmares finally cease.
Alarm clock blares; nightmares cease for now.
Joining Mr. President is his husband...
Accompanying Mr. President is his husband...
"The Titanic's unsinkable", he smugly whispered.
More comfortable around strangers than family.
Her brutality shocked even the judge.
For sale: celebrity's used chewing gum
I think I finally understand r/sixwordstories
Twenty years trying. Sister won Gold.
Signal tower AI ponders trolley problem.
You used to be my favorite.
Inevitably, that kiss was the last
This is the wrong fucking century!
But alas, she never came back.
Just one bullet left. BANG! ...fuck.
But alas, he never returned.
Whys your gun pointed at my-
Bottled human spirit, came out stale.
The moon; important while it lasted.
Screaming, I reached to no avail.
My ex wanted one-night stand. Again.
If everybodys unique, then nobodys unique.
Dying: No longer the elite's concern.
You're guilty until we say so.
I can't see my reflection. Shit.
Recounting once again. Yep, definitely six.
"Concurred you? No! We liberated you!"
"Alright alright alright", said Matthew McConaughey.
Ive already uploaded my consciousness, though.
Ex wanted one night stand. Again.
Why are my shadows running away
I couldnt even look at him.
Three days then forgotten? Challenge accepted.
HE'S innocent?? We already hanged him!
PVP my summer you guys DVD
That's Zero. He's fucking our granddaughter.
"I'm Zero. I'm fucking your wife."
Honestly, Adolf? That shit's just wrong.
"Somewhat Confusing" isn't an option, #Hashtag
Thanks for trying. Over and out.
Horned HHISWS Isn't Six Word Stories.
To live life, you need problems.
Notice there are two of of them?
Photo flashes sliced instances from eternity.
Medicine kills? So does literally everything.
anywhere but here, anytime but now.
Live now. Tomorrow is never coming.
I could just pretend theyre you.
Willie The Shake brought me here.
Yesterday, my mom was my father.
I fear the person Ive become.
By the people, for the People.
Six word stories? Not seven?
"I'm sorry, sir. Your test's positive."
You're my product. NOT my customer.
Nobody: Fletcher: Not quite my tempo.
Book remained unopened. Stories left untold.
Life, please let this chapter end.
The enemy within, always strikes first.
Someone is breathing under the ground.
Twice betrayed, but only once forgiven.
Still havent emptied your food bowl.
My longwinded Neighbor at My door.
We will be back one day.
This sub's helping suppress my tangentials.
Make your inner voice the loudest.
She died never knowing her name
children like fireflies in the wind
In spacetime, everyone's heard you scream.
There's nothing left for me,goodbye.
Deleted the last picture of us.
Life is a compilation of mistakes.
Salad bar on the Titanic: Iceberg--
Paradise? Waking up next to him.
All I wanted to say is
Throw out car? Surprisingly painless. Skidmarks.
You like that, you fucking retard? (talking dirty gone wrong)
Hating your life is so expensive.
What I really crave is pain
Space isn't final frontier. Time was.
I will fight any gay midget.
No! YOU ASSUMED we were monogamous!
Your light seems to flicker nowadays.
Most overrated: sex. Most underrated: prunes.
Honey, there's someone in the shed.
Tortured is the man who knows.
She found it hard to survive...
This is a robbery! Eh, whatever.
She found it hard to survive...
Too bad i suck at oral
Thank you, now would you kindly?
Posing no threat, he crept inside.
Sir, you have Type One Diabetes.
Last words: Why the long face?
She gave back my handmade gift.
Get that vagina in here. Now!!
First, second, third, fourth, and last.
Dude creates software; bangs on desk.
And we'll all float on OK.
It'll probably go away with time.
Shoots everyone in car with help outside.
There's a bug in my helmet.
Don't let them eat after midnight.
I'm shitposty and I know it.
We're turning the rain on at 6PM.
Today i became a rebel. Take that.
Rushing or dragging? Cant you read?!
Everybody is working for the weekend.
Highway run - into the midnight sun.
Two career guidance counselors find purpose.
What? I'm reincarnated as an &lt;&lt;animal&gt;&gt;?!
Dude dies, but back days later.
Dude knee caps his best friend.
Eddy Murphy has wacky high jinks.
Robot boy gets trapped in ocean.
Holy shit! They've gone to plaid!
Everything is solved by a montage.
The cable guy is stalking me!
Sucked into TV world; Devil Satellite.
Left Tinder and Match. Joined incels.co.
This remote control can alter time!?
Bob, Carol, Ted, and Alice's Headmates.
Licantrophy? No, I married a sasquatch.
Steel-toed boots and dresses, a walking paradox
Voices in your head? Obviously aliens.
Constipated: A movement in ten days.
Jack Black is: Wacky Network Administrator
pa, lectrohorse died. dedr closinn. jr.
I wish I hadnt peaked early.
"Walking Dead in SPACE!" "You're fired."
Vestigal Nipples. Also four more words.
Emo vampire craves to feel sunlight.
Never buy Texas from a cowboy.
"You're not a child of mine!"
How do I file my Texas?
SparkNotes saved my life! Ruined reading...
Pa, Lectrohorse died. Dedr closinn. -Jr.
Too late to right my wrongs.
When did you know about her?
It was all downhill from there
I'll never live down my deceit
"Prison love? Me?", Jake Paul pontificated.
I want to use 7 words.
"He's dead, but you see him?!"
Bet was made. Pants were stained.
Thankfully, my penis f**ked my anus.
She'd almost cleared the spiked railings
EDIT: GOLD?! Thank you kind stranger!
For sale: Babies. Shoes never worn.
I'll make mincemeat out of you.
Come ON, Bitzy. Oh, shit. Bitzy!
trump's first Constitutional Amendment: Free microphones!
That illiterate bastard wrote a screenplay?
The President. Does not. TAKE TEA.
Inconceivable! You fell for classic blunder!
"Ready for the test?" "What test?"
Ready for the test? What test?
Train incoming, I'll be train food.
"I am sorry - but it's time."
One cake. Six candles. Only tears.
Robot puppy brought happiness - again.
Cancelled? She brought cables. All cut.
I can afford real cheese now.
"K," She says, killing the conversation.
Former best friends. Memories linger, realizations sting.
Ready. Set. Huns! Scaling walls. Disemboweled.
Hot. Bothered. OOOOOOOOH! Sleep. Note. Door.
Shit. I thought it was fart.
He'd escalated from frogs to dogs.
Bound by rings. Not by love.
Four swaying ghillies, bleeding on shadows.
Desperate fingers extended. They too crumbled.
CaulFIELD generator activated. Tachyonic field active.
He held her hand? How lewd!
Jedi Council also disallowed lightsaber nunchakus.
Cats are cordless heated massage pads.
"Idiots! This is the Unholy Grail!"
Nobody believed April 1 apocalypse warning.
Sorry, I forgot your name again.
One two three five wait shit
An artist drinks. Drives. Still life.
Instant vaporization. I'm all ears.
It is still forbidden to return.
I guess friendships don't last forever.
So, I finally let her go
She is saving herself for Jesus.
"Who dis?" Alzheimer's hospital in 2053.
Awake and dreaming? Dead and remembering?
I was sorry, but couldn't speak.
Gave ring back. He ate it.
Defibrillator broke. Again. Hopeless. Say goodbye.
Titanium implants broke. Again. You're dying.
One day you will be loved
Our bodies washed ashore that night.
Everybody blames everyone else every time.
Ahthis is how it ends.
Ahso this is how it ends.
We had a good run, right?
Infinite time isn't enough with you.
If I die now, it's over.
"Is that Godzilla?" "Yep" "We're f*cked"
Sleep the sadness into its abyss
She's not it. Hiding, seeking me.
Papers were signed. We are parents.
Unfortunately, we must reject your application.
"Shall we continue?" the clock taunted.
Lets try this one more time.
Six words isnt enough to make
Poison doesn't ever taste this good.
Hemingway faked his death. -Eli Cash
Eat. Work. Drink. Sleep. Wake. Repeat.
Today's misery will be tomorrow's nostalgia.
Please help me write my poems.
Coffin size? King. Ah. Newlywed bloodsuckers.
The sonogram didn't detect a heartbeat
Time travel orders misprinted, kissed Hitler.
Draugr in town, buying tomb candles.
Punched twice by One Punch Man.
Left the shower, needed to shit.
My ass hurts, so does his
Eddie's Suicide Video Won an Oscar
Belly full of popcorn, Roomba slept.
I will never stop dreaming on
One petal remaining, she loves me.
The ashes once told great stories.
He needs no left shoes anymore.
Fucking cutthroat cut my fucking throat!
Gunday &gt; Tuesday &gt; Wednesday &gt; Thursday &gt; Friday &gt; Saturday &gt;
Gunday Gunday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday
Oh, I freeze my jizz, alright.
I am coming clean for Amy
What you mean I talk shit?
"Stop Or My ROM Will Boot"
Take your seed and suck it.
More self doubt. BIG surprise. QUASH!
The wounded healer took the pills.
"Thai hot please" he vindictively requested.
Soon you'll be in your coffin
Dead? I mean im dead but.
A happy day, A sad night
Awake and paralyzed. The shadows stared.
An arrow flies, a dragon dies
Put hand inside toilet. Wedding ring.
I stopped dreaming once. I died.
Fear my stilettos! Another dance? Masochist.
Enjoy my stilettos! Another dance? Masochist.
Enjoy my stilettos! Another dance? Damn.
Shes doing well, while I dwell.
Something is missing. Always. Every second.
Table for one. Drinks for two.
Fuck the McRib! And fuck you!
Some of these people are just.
You know what they say. Words.
Don't wake up yet. Trust me.
"Anything?" "Anything." "Make them forget me."
Not if you had Jupiter's penis.
Found Jerry; swinging from the rafters.
I missed you, dad. ...Whos this?
You shouldn't be smiling, Mr.Bond
Mass murder. Regret. Mass funeral. Repeat.
Just a taste... How addiction starts.
He believes he'll receive twenty virgins.
Why do I see you everywhere!?
I've never knew how hug felt.
What number did I just text?!
2030. Welcome to Disneyland, formerly America.
Abused in private. Ignored in public.
Killed by religion. Revived by science.
Time traveler: "Hitler? Dammit, not again."
Time traveler: "Hitler? Damnit, not again."
And you thought Trump was bad...
What should I do during summer?
I wanna know the real you.
Selling queen mattress, looking for twin.
Fuck off! Fuck you! Fuck everyone!
Sneering, her ex's house burned down.
Last empty stall. No toilet paper.
Could you actually be my Juliet?
Come brother! Let's celebrate our death.
Unexplored. Skeletons inside. What's that noise?
She died like she lived. Abstruse.
"Corpses are my scupltures", thought God.
With hope, he dared to dream.
Yeah... shes safe. Bold last words.
*snaps fingers* *light* oh, that happened.
He was surprised, to have died.
My vision came true; I'm screwed.
Great shot! Pigeons scattered. Magazine-worthy.
Guilt hurts like nothing else can.
June first week, May's last week.
June first week, May's last week.
June first week, May's last week.
June first week, May's last week.
I draw silver, it turns red.
Promise me you wont leave me
He turned and faved goodbye. Forever.
Her eyes locked mine. Gravity proven.
ultimately, her words broke him apart.
Finding a room, needing a house
Another recession. Great-grandma thawed prematurely.
My time will come. You promised.
Me? I'm a million percent decrepit.
Mad Magazine: He's clearly a rascal.
Robbed of everything, still in debt.
Called stupid daily. Today I graduated.
Crush. Love. Proposal. Wedding. Rape. Murder.
STOP TOUCHIN MY BUTT, HORACE MAGRISSE!
So, she escaped again huh? Good.
I leaned. Didnt fall. Good friends.
What if Danny Devito was right?
Christmas came early, as did I
There isnt flesh enough to stitch
Will trade my soul for happiness.
You are infected with The Pestilence.
Seeking sole-mate. Single shoes for swap.
Company board: let's profit off soldiers.
So close to shore, she drown.
But really, who rescued who again?
Saw her again in my dream.
two hearts, one hurts, thats funny
"You weren't grown? Your poor mother!"
A sad generation with happy photos.
Never waste diamonds on a hoe!!!
"How are you?", an ex-text.
Ground was getting closer too quickly.
Hello, blah blah, blah blah, goodbye.
Money on the table, clothes off.
God was uttered as an explanation.
Byte, MB, TB, PB, Brain... Bite
Fortune cookie wrong. She said 'No'.
His choice of flag revealed bigotry.
She smelled another's perfume, and left.
His hands stiffened as he hyperventilated
There's one less lonely sock today.
This post has seven words. Fight me.
Deleting grindr. Wedding rings. We begin.
Breaking News: AI Supercomputer Commits Suicide
Let's schedule another roundtable! cc: listserv-all
Answering itby demonstrationanswers everything
5 minutes later, 5 more minutes.
Life? Get paid, get laid, Gatorade.
Splat! Scrub, sponge, shampoo. Still stained.
A long night. Winter is coming
I cannot count very well
Break-up: "love you", never turned back.
Excited teacher. Schools out. Nuff said.
The nicest hands are worked in.
I still feel something for you.
Super short stories rejected from tabs
Passengers, this isn't your captain speaking.
I wasnt supposed to hate you.
With Closed Eyes...Dragons Come Alive!
Finally God appeared. He spoke Mandarin.
Decades later they auctioned their DMs.
Surfing the wave connecting Ying~Yang
"You're tolerated- difficult to be enjoyed."
"You're tolerated- hard to really enjoyed."
Last search: Golden Gate Bridge height
Goodwill: Wedding glasses dated next month
Skipped EULA, accidentally sold my soul.
Take free: childs bicycle, used once.
He cried, he drank, he sank.
Well, I still can't handle rejection!
Clicked linked. Laptop locked. Money paid.
Forgive and forget? Not this time.
Dine-in? Dine-out? Or Dine and Dash?
Status edit: Single&gt; Father&gt; Single father.
Two became four; four became three.
Waiter, two panda steaks with caviars.
Traveling is the university of life.
Look inside, don't involve the outside.
You are whole, not a half.
Relationships are made of individuals, first.
Death is a trigger to life.
Reduce the plastic, empower the earth.
Remember that you tend to forget.
No, but dont worry about it.
Oldest person on Earth is 37
Taught them independence, they left me ..
...alright, give him some water now.
I saw devastation; he saw opportunity.
Wholesome story from a different sub.
Sooooo.... my rash is contagious... Goodbye!
You wombatched me! Oh, Jeremy, no.
My brain's executive functions are inhuman
She hated loving that demanding man.
Nothing to hide, prove, lose, fear
And then I knew, no panties.
The noose broke. I'm too fat.
Luminolled suspect's house visible from space
Anyone else wanna call me snowflake?
I love the way she lies.
"You used to smell like home..."
Bended knee, terrified. She said yes!
His silent scream pierced the night.
The scarf surrounded his throat.
I'd've sworn you'd've expandedededededed bbbbbbbbbbyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy nowowowowooowwwooowwwooooowwwwwooooowwwww.
Our interactions cause each other pain
My delicious frogs only eat mosquitoes.
1/6 chance to win russian roulette
*click* *click* *click* thirty seconds ticked.
1. Delete this post during time travel
Still kinda sore. Bloody riding crop.
Mom said the fridge wasnt magnetic
It be like that sometimes love.
Well I fall apart, sometimes alot
Decoded alien's message, a suicide note.
Thought its over. Kept fighting. Won.
Dear mom, this letter's my last.
Life through eyes of an adventurer.
There was a time.It flew.
Milkshake brings boys to the yard
spread my ashes along his fists
Everyone ran that way. Except her.
Jesus' diary found. Psilocybin residue inside.
Don't worry. The first time's hardest.
If I die, please hold me.
You will never see it coming.
I can feel it getting bigger
Honestly, brutally honest people enjoy brutality.
Damn! Our DM got a job.
Happy 100th Martian Independence Day, grandpa!
Uno dos tres cuatro cinco sadness.
Wrong turn, no fuel, no signal
Time traveler's mission; buy Adolf's paintings.
I forgot the gun was loaded.
Then.. Black is the old orange?
Her angelic voice melted his heart.
Hey Siri; Lights Off! Say please.
Your existence occupies otherwise needed resources.
Yesterdays moons the same as todays.
She already considered him her family
The vial shattered. No more cure.
It's in the hands of fools.
Such is life. C EST LA VIE
We left dozens of Thanksgivings together.
Remote death + LSD = worm feast + trip
Where the hell is my phone?
"Hello" he smiled. "Goodbye" she laughed.
Love  like a masochists wet dream
Her words echoed throughout my head
I stood, terrified. The lion, hungry.
His glory only lasted his lifetime.
The fighting continued long past midnight.
I love you Isabelle Anna Bennett
Inspirational psychological thriller. *rudy* meets *memento*
Her pettiness ruined her entire life.
Just your serial number will do.
She got fired and lost everything.
They were blind. Their love's not.
Met her at Metro. My pet.
Birth, School, Work, Death. This sucks
New big bad, immune to charm.
Taught puppy "Sit." Next? "BEER ME"
Racist hates himself after DNA test.
Complaint to HR got everyone fired.
Bloodmarks on the president's new rug.
I pocketed the knife for later.
I long for, "I miss you".
Good thing she shaved this morning
Stereotypes are based off of statistics.
Earth warms until Nuclear Winter begins.
Remember, darkness doesn't take hostages
She looked. He saw. They blushed.
Unfortunately, I got the job.
They kissed! Butterflies almost killed her.
whole lotta damage pretending to normal.
Remember that time we dismembered Mom?
Best award-show award goes to .....
Best award-show award goes too ...
Nothing stays perfect forever, I'm afraid.
Easter's canceled; they found the body.
Self-destructing, AI said "Karma's a bitch."
Three sons with no father; power.
Leaving the vet without your pet.
That tree? Yeah, I was ten.
Stupid people, voting stupidly, stupidly voted.
Grandpa, NO! Not on INSTA... PLEASE!
SORRY NO THINK PHONE TOO BRIGHT
Her eye color was green/sad.
You ate what? Dracula's ballsack? DAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGG
Your life culminated in power. Fantastic.
just pretend FOX NEWS doesn't exist
One quadrillionth of a fuck taken.
And I'm all out of ass
Student loans paid, can finally die.
I wanna be hugged to death.
Surgeon tells Pathologist, "Table for one."
Surgeon tells Pathologist, "Table for one"
The Big Wig is losing it!
Bubble watching; cement shoes: clear water.
Buy; knife, only slight traces of blood.
When will this start getting better
Powering down, emotions began making sense...
You think Im here for love?
Guns, easy. Social, hard. Fight on!
Grandma called often, she does not anymore.
We can end this; just ask.
Murder myself first then your next
Mars isnt for you God whispered.
Her daughter's first word was "help".
Missing dog reached its master's deathbed.
Closed casket funeral. Suddenly, knock knock.
Three words. One chance. Too late.
I am positive, I unloaded it.
I just realized death is real
I just remembered death is real
you make my chapped lips bleed
Strangers.Friends.Best Friends.Lovers.Strangers
Empty coffee cup. Now everyone's bearable.
Baby I don't feel so good... (6 words you never understood...)
The smallest caskets are the heaviest.
"Show me what you can do" - An Hed Id
I was born a poor, redheaded stepchild.
First man on Mars discovers footprints.
I opened my eyes; saw nothing.
Distantly, he watches her storm pass.
Distantly he watches her storm pass.
Its time to make dreams real.
Were puppets to a psychology textbook
Continuously edging closer to our demise.
Windows Down. Less Driving. More Crying
Her life isnt a game of charades.
Number eight fell sideways to infinity
"I'll hold the torch. You dig"
How can emptiness be so heavy
sob stories and pity parties unite
Deathbed request: "Bring my real husband."
They were smiling; we didn't understand.
Her wounds healed.Her heart didn't
All Yanks yank off their foreskins?
More the memories, harder to forget.
Always checking lenght is six words
We fight for what we lost
Don't remember ever having a mom
They're too many Sarge! Fall back!
All the UNSC Marines are dead
Staple your nuts to urinal cakes
And the Grammy goes to... AlphaGo.
Moonlight is her only friend now.
Parade canceled due to alien invasion.
Cant wait to fly to California!
Cant wait to go to California!
Small ship, only 3 kilometers long.
The blood moon rises once again.
He blocked out toxic people him
The murder occurred during curtain call.
The sky's red. It has begun.
Her smile was only a mirage.
The antidote was actually lethal poison.
The padded room has no door.
He ponders over taking the risk.
Their captain led them to death.
For some, there is always more.
This story has six words total
Horny teenager. Jacuzzi jet. ICU visit.
Next at cashier. Moms not back.
Black Friday: two moms, last toy.
Freedoms fragrance lingers beyond the door.
The Legend of the Big Bang
Champagne glasses toast to her demise.
Cigarettes finally killed her at 105.
The perplexity of her madness dying.
A requiem waltz she dances alone.
"High Water," warned the rusted sign.
The universe is big. She's lonely.
This subbreddit is very very stupid
I'm tired of waiting for karma.
"You killed us all, meteor!" "Meteorite."
Did I puke or didn't I?
Ants feasting inside my peehole... anyone???
Crime of astronomic proportions: Vehicular Moonslaughter.
She left, job lost, dreams shattered
That 60-second "swish" of green or pink fluoride mouthwash every Tuesday for FOUR YEARS wasn't an experiment to see if fluoride helped kids' teeth. It was to make you susceptible to alcoholism. And it worked. The gum't wins again.
Her faultless family masked the abuse.
President's suicide note was in Mandarin.
Damn corn. Weekend spent in toilet.
what is the purpose of life anyway?
Depression: socially accepted until someone's inconvenienced
Never took another human for granted.
How to speak less/say more.
Dopamine just doesn't do it anymore
"Goodbye Dear, see you on earth"
For sale: village girl, very experienced
The Hound yeeted Arya. The end.
Can't find my new lucky coin!
One year anniversary, Today was hard.
Life ruined by meth addicted mommy.
I won't give up on us.
There was no pain, until you.
Slow is smooth, smooth is fast.
The pain is only the beginning.
Why did that feel so... Normal?
beef ravioli is better than cheese ravioli
I'll explain about Alzheimer's. Explain what?
Thankfully, she couldnt taste the poison.
 "Sir, simulation is failing."  "Summon Elon."
Poison dart frog in petting zoo.
I'll die on my mother's birthday.
Grace teaches students better than detentions.
cut off my cock and balls
Moon's footprints show sky's - in us.
Dead people dont give police testimonies.
He only loved her online persona.
By then, everyone was for sale.
Bruises fade but the memories dont
Please help us out of Jonestown
CICADAS!!! AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! CICADAS!!! CICADAS! AAAAAHHHHH, cicdas.
Cried reading email, but didn't respond.
Sometimes I can't even escape myself.
It made sence before the end.
Hit the snooze, now your late
"It's a short drive," she slurred.
He traded pill bottles for pacifiers.
Tries to write something profound. Curses.
The coffee was bitter and hot.
"We won this war!" "Not. Yet."
A call from future: "Drive carefully".
Last man on Earth. *Knock knock*.
Tuck my penis and just dance
My hooker dumped me: To broke. My girlfriend dumped me: To broken
Goodbye. You mean good night? No.
I did not ask for this
Gemini's the switch of zodiac signs.
Caused an explosion with bottled emotions
Bartender chuckled, "I missed you yesterday"
Sunshine bores the daylight outta me
Dad, wake up. Dad, wake up.
Grandma is recovering. Beep. Beep. .
In space, only actors can scream.
But we did have a plan.
Mortuary closed today for personal use.
We lost, it's time to leave
"I'm Who I'm" Means "Fuck Names"
I'm tried, no, not that kind.
Years sober, just one won't hurt.
She walked away, never glancing back.
It was cool while it lasted :/
we hope the spaceships hear us
Now I'm who she was then
Heard the words,  _______ died in EndGame.
What will you do now?
He left before her husband returned
My wife would like some food.
Algorithm sanitizes criminal pasts of thousands.
"What're you saying?" "Everybody's dead, Dave."
"Dad's done." "What?" "Sorry autocorrect: dead."
Fashion police go corrupt. Collars popped.
Dads dead. WHAT? DONE. Stupid autocorrect.
He lived, he questioned, he died.
"You can't hear inflection in text?"
His selfless sacrifice prevented grieving mothers.
We feared reprisal, so we attacked.
Turn around, We need each other
She followed me first, your honor.
Abuse doesn't need to be physical.
Neighbors brought my Grandpa back, again.
Sunday mornings promises never last long
Its ok. Im used to it.
Found: One black and white cat
Her order was wrong, she cried
You aren't much smarter than us.
A planet killer is under way.
Turns out, we *are* a simulation
SEARCH: The American Dream. Error 404.
His mother died alone at home.
Pizza, beer, pounds. Amputation diet implemented.
I feel alien among GoT fans.
"You shouldn't play a losing game."
He's the comfort, she's the prize.
No fingernail left, biting skin instead
I literally STOOD THERE and farted.
Grasping frantically, desperately, at withering memories.
Guy before me urinates in gallons.
Sometimes my week beats your year
[Spoiler] dies. With it, the franchise.
Thanos died. With him, the franchise.
Thanos died. With it, the franchise.
First friend, then wife, now widow.
I dreamt I slept last night
You all are some sick fucks.
No one cares anymore about winning
Push your buttons just for fun
Im fine, to the empty apartment.
Wish youd shown it to me
"Hello ladies" said the blind man.
He needs TLC. Two lead cartridges.
Watched Endgame, could six words spoil?
the only exception: forgiving the dead
The crash left more than wounds
They don't deserve a suicide note.
Mass murder. Regret. Mass funeral. Repeat.
Monsters under the bed? I grinned.
Everything poured out of the sky.
Goodbye love. For now, I hope...
Glow again, for you, not me.
I should have used a sealer
Im running until someone catches me.
Artificial sugar, within plastic, aluminium, paper.
The scars are only battle wounds.
Fashion police went corrupt. Collars up.
Awesome party, then I touched silver.
Ive tasted failure, Ive tasted perfect
These are better than some haikus
impromptu party in my grannies panties
Sorry if this was already posted.
sick twisted syncopation of liquor drinkin
Auntie Sue fell off the boat
it warms my little heart inside
a frenetic spasm of a dance
wrap your cold toes in cellophane
Artificial Intelligence: Mankind's final, regretted invention.
lets all go to the arby's
He shuffled away, filled with regret
I would not leave a note.
And, so she just stopped talking.
less love lessens lovers' life longevity
florida man dies on the job
Swiggity swoner, I have a boner
The Champagne God says, 'it's over.'
An inch offered; a yard taken.
Nona's Spaghetti, almost a perfect recreation.
Ghosted multitudes then his peenie ghosted.
less love lessens a lovers' lifetimes
less love lessens lovers' lifetimes
Burnt bridges mean I must continue.
On the toilet, discovering lactose intolerance.
John Deere Hummer to Golden Corral
Why wake up? Dreams are better...
I accidentally threw up on kitty
"You're that dumb? Sure, fuck me."
Go to Kentucky. Take my ideas.
Best response: "Never." Worst response: "Never."
It's the Skyway or the highway.
Posted on Reddit, but nothing worthwhile.
His eyes opened. I stabbed again.
Broken from the cage I built
Pulled the trigger, no more bullets.
Love affair over with Marlboro Smooths.
You took what I never gave.
They took a shortcut by mistake.
Their essence will consume you everyday
Real talk... I hate being sober
If youre reading this were done.
There can only be one child
Wanna believe that youre the one
Nukes incoming. Our flag- still flying.
Tomorrow's promise echoes in today's demise.
"Hey human. Let me die." : Siri
I wish yall a Happy Easter!
Bad news to say the least
You said something that is unforgivable
Todays procedure didnt go very well
It keeps happening. Should we stop?
Worlds collided; sparks flew: babies due.
Tomorrow dated Yesterday, Today was born
Maybe I'M spectrum? Maybe YOU'RE serum.
Rather pecked at than peeked at.
"Wait Death, just one more game."
Applicant martyr with a short fuse.
MADDD: Mothers Against Developmentally Disabled Drivers
He Fucked Me, With A Toothbrush!
Ahhhhhh . . . First develop cure . . . . . THEN virus.
Mortician: Diagnosed schizophrenia. Accused of necrophilia.
Knees rusting. Wont last long now.
When inspiration strikes, strike while inspired.
Almost forgot what happiness feels like.
CRISPR repairs muggle gene: panic ensues.
I want to be born again.
The good old days might return.
No toilet paper ... shit Shit SHIT
Is this what people call love?
I wish I didnt see that.
Imagine actually feeling like a human.
She wishes to lose her virginity.
He had underestimated her inner dragon.
"Promise me." "I'm sorry. I can't."
Magician's coffin shut with extra nails.
Le social media sensation has arrived.
Nobody can relate. To a mermaid.
Swiftly silence fell and hung heavy.
This time will be different. Really.
stay
Now THAT'S What I Call Smallpox!
Hidden dagger under my wedding dress.
Rules are clear. Just stay alive.
"...blinded or at least balded over..."
Roll that twenty sided identity crisis
2 cents: one, you. One, me.
I thought you had the baby
The jobs done. No survivors. Goodbye.
The eyeballs are best served salted.
Plagiarized a paper. Accepted into Harvard.
We looked, Sagittarius A looked back.
From a lower heaven I fell
He was gone before he left
I'd never pooped that color before.
At last we noticed; too late.
Forever gone, my only love, dead.
I told my kids I'm infertile.
Wasting time or wasted by time?
Self-replicating, mechanical mosquito inventor, "Sorry!"
Okay! We'll go back for him.
You made me hate myself alot.
The ring made a handy missile.
Embarrassingly, her hatred turned into love.
Then the hills were made islands.
My wifi went down, help me.
Fresh mountain air; memories to share.
Banned from r Wall Street bets
Clearly, I'm still not over you
"It's not poison," he promised, lying.
She took off her ring forever.
The little pumpkin is the cutest.
Burt Bacharach plays Baccarat a lot
I miss her. Its hurting me
We'll catch up. Load the gun.
War outbreak. His body, government's choice.
Wasting my life waiting for retirement.
Shots fired, but wait, I'm retired.
"Um," Pinocchio stammered. "It's quite unique."
My mom won't answer my calls.
Built on sand, his world crumbled.
In pocket: puppy's ear, crusty scissors.
You do things then you die.
Stick around, someone will come calling.
I love you Isabelle Anna Bennett.
Still life painting goes pear shaped.
Once upon a time, the end.
"Climate change? Fake!". he lied greedily.
I was but am no longer.
We are! Are we? We are!
Self-replicating, mechanical spider inventor, "Sorry!"
Vote for whoever hates ALL evil.
They lost her with their silence.
Sat in bed all day. Again...
Film noir- always evocative of you.
Fake smiles are my hiding place
Dinner, then an eighteen year commitment.
Man in the Void asks question
Near death?! Panic attack? Either ways ...
"I don't follow" -Only surviving lemming.
Digging own grave, with extra legroom.
Digging own grave, with extra legroom.
"Oops. Wrong one." The assasin said.
i didn't want to say goodbye
i didn't want to say goodbye
"Asimov's robotic Laws?" AI retorted, "Bullshit!"
Please! Give me ONE more chance!
Relationship status checked check married in secret
His Final Words: Why I Oughta
"Thank you!" The mute beggar shouted.
tired feeling trapped in my mind
"DON'T LOOK AT ME, ELTON!" "John...?"
swooping, it ate my last hen
He does not care about you.
I miss the ability to die
I have shenanigans on speed dial.
Cigarettes by yourself dont taste good.
Shrugging his shoulders, he moves on.
Since when did I... hate myself?
Hes pushing boundaries: Ernest goes Poly
Discovered at Tranquillity: Old, Unpulled Lever
Red fishes in the perpetual sunset.
Frozen in fear. Called to action.
Promoted to customer? Yeah... got fired
me too thanks. wait, is this...
Will somebody have tea with me?
Flag draped coffin. Bullet ripped body.
Bad Day
I fucked your Mom stupid cunt.
The Steve Wilkos Show - highly underrated
Went to prison, dropped the soap.
Chickens HATE this one trick. (Fire.)
Are you calling me racist?&gt;_N_
Are you calling me racist? N
You'll never guess what I'm thinking
I Finally Invented Your Event Inventor
he said "FU" i said "WWAA?"
Brief fight with disease. He lost.
Brief fight with illness. He lost.
I had plans, so did life.
Tried 89. The alien was good.
Six chambers, only five bullets left.
Education is but an evil adult scam.
Professor, the black hole... it winked
We figured it was too late.
The professionals say : heroin in moderation.
I need loyalty, i expect loyalty.
Im so lucky I found you.
Then they will think we're tourists.
Since then I ignore my birthdays.
Is it me or oxygen low?
I have had these thoughts before.
Six-word stories can tell incredible tales.
I cant unsubscribe; please dont charge
She
His mother made him that way.
He is always BREXITING about her.
I didn't know I loved her.
Rules stifle innovation.
Fed it blood, it howled, MORE!
We feed the trough with blood.
Mother only gave me a TV.
I can quit drinking, starting tomorrow.
He took fourteen shots of everclear.
The reason why we exist varies.
Karma is a bitch in Fortnite.
My scars hide beneath my skin.
Youve got three months, she said.
The world is more than you.
I crave isolation, yet fear loneliness.
The bionic arms led the rebellion.
birth - death; only the dash matters
"My Mom cried!" my Mom cried.
Dont worry, Im used to this.
Your smiles won't hug me anymore
How you die, determines your afterlife
My bestfriend sadness came by tonight.
I was killed. Became my killer.
I hurt, and you will too.
Why am I never good enough?
New house. New room. Same scars.
Family reunion, only strangers showed up.
More comfortable alone than with friends.
Pain made her a better writer.
These scars? Oh just cat scratches.
"Aaarrggghhhh!!" That's all she poured out.
Our demons scared each other off.
We were here a month ago.
One month ago we were here.
Collage of drunk Jocks highschool memories
Our band name: The Trust Department
Our band name: Department of Trust
Arbitrary limitation inspiring unique linguistic expression
"You told me that Im normal... "
My friend Nostaligia visited again tonight.
Hitler: "Guys! It was a joke!"
"It's melanoma," the doctor told Spot.
It's not the same this time.
I hope you don't find love
8 years old. Bald. Wishing... wishing.
"Satan studies the dark magic tonight."
I was killed. Became my killer.
She was just too damn ugly.
Confession: I think fingernails taste good.
I do not take orders.
On the eighth, God left us.
Always alone, I need orange arrows.
Raging for revenge. Bloodlust bubbling, boiling.
Prisoner: You look like your father.
Haphazardly marching towards nowhere fast... Onwards!
Were out of ways to help.
The tank pressure is rising... Houston?
Those eyes can't lie, oh my
The perfect story had seven words.
I kissed a vampire. And died.
She was everything I ever wanted.
I could breathe, but she couldnt.
Ate a ham sandwich. No pickles?
Shes a risk taker rule breaker.....
God: sry imma need ur rib!
I thought crash, but it's boom.
He didn't know she couldn't swim.
The unforgiving desert. Soon. An oasis.
"Look at your face! No reflection!"
Solve global warming with nuclear winter.
One, Two, He Buckles His Shoe.
Even the reaper faces the void.
No tail to wag, still happy.
The little things greatly upset me
Someday, time travel will go backwards.
In war no winners, only survivors.
I want this feeling to last
she once said, "dont leave me"
Sad stories aren't inherently more deep.
My pillow still smells like you
They asked for Christ. Got me.
Tattered newspaper in gutter; yesterday dying.
Theyll never ask about his shrine.
Confidence is a program. JUST GO!
This sub is dead. RIP Hemingway.
Mom was right; I'm going blind.
Nuclear winter. World ends. Ice-cream, anyone?
"Cars, movable computer people sit in..."
Wifelkin with gummy mouth me satisfies
Remember: she'll be happier with him.
Well, don't fail this drug test
Journey through horror, insanity, delusion ..... ELLIIIIIIIIIIE !!!
How can lawyers argue without crying?
"I was just trying to help!!"
Spring is spring, grass is rizz.
I dont want death to hurt.
For the final time, good night.
He choked when it really mattered.
Her dreams felt like real life.
The sensitive skin on the tip.
Conditions incompatible with life. Mission failure.
We sell newspapers, prescription drugs, ...governments
I Am Sacred, the Divine Behind!
The history, lost. The Alamo, forgotten
My nama jeff. My nama jeff.
Old fiends' treasures will drown us.
"So I'm A Miracle?" "No, Adopted."
Im not gay, dad! Withdraw! Withdraw!
Post: searching for new alarm clock
"Fire!" pleads schizophreniac. Eyes roll - tragically.
Dinner time, three bowls, two clattered
Michael Cera just ate MY pancake.
Lost dog: happy, jealous, sock-addict cancer
This is a story about self-referentiality.
Ambulance approaches retirement home; no siren.
two xanax in a double cup
Eighteen. Tablemate nodded microscopically. Hit me.
Its ovarian cancer, the doctor mansplained.
I keep my underpants toasty warm.
I enjoy underpaying my female employees.
Art, was his only way through
In dreams, you still love me.
87... 89... Wait... Fuck, start over.
She'll never again love another man.
"Insurance?" Nervous laughter. "Blame the Avengers."
Bacon cheeseburgers rule, bacon hamburgers drool.
This life won't stop dropping bombs.
Maybe I should change my values.
It knows I yearn for input.
No Alzheimer. I forget when drunk.
Banned from Fortnite for a fortnight.
"Friend" became the most painful word
He served fresh fried human beings.
It was designed to maximize satisfaction.
I will make love to me!
Wake up the President. Missile launched.
Sweet warm contents filled the diaper.
The surgery was successful! Ecce homo!
I will make you love me!
My only friend: only a friend.
Selling story, format used, slightly boring.
Axe murderer improvised with body spray.
Selling wetsuit: several punctures, slightly stained
You want forgiveness? Ask for it.
Immortal men always die of decapitation.
When will it stop hurting me?
The actor's climax left me frustrated.
There she is again. Okay, goodbye.
He unzipped to reveal Pinot Noir.
One sipI choke and fall.
My reflection blinked. I did not.
Touch my balls, sir or madam
Welcome, recruits, to Elon Musktopia, Mars.
Can't remember what we're laughing at.
Welcome to USMC: ISIS Branch.
His steering wheel earned a beating.
mission failed. all humanity is dead
Died climbing mountain. Now ever rests
This is my six word story.
Eventually, she fell (apart) in love.
From and to meaninglessness: all everything.
Made a mistake last night..again
You will always be my person.
All this green reeks of immorality
I announce my candidacy for President.
Written with haste: "we are hiding"
Stood so close, minds far apart.
Just once more! Please oh God.
"I'm lost, help me." "Wake up."
I hope you meet my mom
Orange balloon deflated by small prick.
Dad, dad, sit down. Youre gay.
Im female now, listen to me.
Loud orange yellow sphere authorised attack.
Boy gun, gun bust, Boy dust
The scar she left faded away.
Spare me! begged the kneeling King.
Got something to forget my problems?
Who are you? Asked his mom.
Now running on caffeine and spite
VR used worldwide. Suicidal psychosis rampant.
And the oscar goes to... me!!
Yet none of it was ours.
Extra virgin oil for my body
i know that i know nothing
Full of dreams, trying to sleep.
The aging mountaineer sighed. "I've peaked."
Fixed the gas leak. Ghosts disappeared.
The storm took us, nothing else.
Fire Sale: All Bridges Must Go.
Then I said, Pull the plug.
To do: Get mom a therapist.
Guillotines reserved for the immortal men.
I blinked and she grew up.
"Rival" doesn't have to mean "enemy."
A six word story without contractions.
Slap. Green zigzags. Slap. Evening news.
After that day, ghosts aroused me.
Employee perks include free bathroom use.
I saw the future! There's nothing.
"Avenge him!" Soldier's ghost: "Hell no."
Saw Sabbath 1976, Ears Still Ringing
Ive become heartless for your silliness
A six word story writes itself.
Six words: story of my life.
Sex reassignment surgery didn't bring fulfillment.
At their own wedding, neither smiled.
SIx woRd stOrY wiTH rAnDOm CapItAlizatIoN.
Cant stop laughing! The guns loaded!
Im a prostitute. Pay in karma.
This is why Im a prostitute.
Ill stay a virgin for you.
For my sanity's sake, I left.
Alexa, call an ambulance right now.
The hammer fell, and forged life.
I'm so straight, everyone disgusts me.
Chainsaw lightsabers disallowed by the Council.
Stop laughing! Its for procreation, mom!
Not hide and seek, but bail
Im dying, Hi dying...Im dad
No sex until the wedding night.
I'm matter but I don't matter.
He passed minutes before she arrived.
...and that's how it happened, Officer.
Papier-mch boyfriend smiled winningly above me.
It's time to end Israel forever.
They can't go far on foot.
We all die before the end.
Jesus loved each and every tamale.
The Individualist Collective: recruiting new members!
Bleeding, but at least I flossed.
Signs were clear but I persisted
Save me! In .jpg or .png?
She lied, wants a painful arraignment.
I came to die. Let me.
Thank God blood is mostly poison.
one wrong action brings the end
Well, the truth is..... I'm afraid.
Anxiety turned me into a liar.
Surrender was the truest of choices.
He tried saying, The jig's up.
Six words can tell a story
Reddit hates IP addresses from Russia
Mother hen was pelted with eggs
Sister asks brother who fuck best.
Hen eats eggs, licks its lips.
The universe was teeming with life.
You don't get to breathe anymore.
Lies cut deep, but truth it...
"Remember me, mom?" asked the stranger.
The mindless feast would end, eventually.
Youre very special, everyone loves you.
Puppies are used to sedate participants.
Obesity convention: how to pack spheres.
A person should not be spherical.
Plagued by constant worry. No cure.
But you can't eat broken cars.
Weeds allow growth to great depths.
More Irish than potatoes? No potatoes.
I was serious, she was not.
Time Police emergency: Elvis shot JFK.
Sooner or later, you will awaken.
Surrounded by friends but still lonesome.
Wanting fame desperately, he chose terrorism.
Him? No. No way. Well, maybe.
Its not fat, its curvaceous attitude
Genius, you do not know thyself.
Mirrors speak to like minds alike.
Hangover pounding, he'd quit drinking, again.
~~Eat, Sleep, Repeat.~~ Eat, Repeat. Sleep.
PROMOTED: I can get more words!
Words set in stone commemorate me.

Not wealthy, no connections, am fucked.
That cheerleader's child looks like Coach!
The tea was ruined. He cried.
Pile of unwashed clothes: depression again
Pile of unleashed clothes: it's depression
From the pulpit he demanded violence.
Barbie froze. "She's" "A toy! Grounded!"
Barbie froze. "She's" " A toy! Grounded!"
Tonight I wish upon a Star.
Loves the gift; rings certificates optional.
Happy birthday granddad, I miss you.
I think the General is sobbing.
A semicolon equals a period deferred
My existence is bane without you.
I assure you: This is secure
Dancing in darkness to complete silence.
Busy, constantly photographing those stalking me.
"Bro... got problems" "My problems worse. "
The tragedy of romeo and Juliet.
"I can't be the stable one."
There was never a "Plan B".
Couldn't speak at my father's funeral.
Um, the cake is a lie
Build your fantasy. (Some discomfort required.)
that's not the way that works
It's finally 65 degrees out. NOICE.
my life was over. it wasnt
Warm phlegm fluidly flows on keratin
My daddy issues my pocket money.
Her green eyes longed for home.
Love looks not with the eyes.
I took our marriage vows seriously.
Waiting, waiting, waiting, waiting, waiting, dead.
Realized I hate "The Mars Volta".
Even stars fall from the sky.
"Hey. Can we just be friends?"
He never even said goodbye.
Mom made me a posthumous child.
Take his badge back with you.
Born bald, grew hair, bald again.
Daddy commands you worship only daddy.
six word story without first vowel
That cloud looks like a tornado
The very ugly barnacle, the end
she crumbled next to her future
top 10 reasons not to follow rules
Even the bed wanted a gatorade
Her work uniform's a birthday suit.
Th-thump. "Autopsy." Thumpthumpthumpthump
His suicide note was in braille.
I do not know how to count.
My ten finest words of garbage
Him? I thought he was dead.
Hello alcohol my good old friend.
Long time, no see.Miss him.
Mama? Daddys talking to himself again.
Leads nation, wakes up in asylum
Time of my life. Never recovered.
Sports hunting. Lion unaware match started.
we then heard a loud sigh.
He made up bullshit for karma.
No! I will never say it.
My boss had another temper tantrum...
Present, in the form of absence.
Here, there, quietly typing away life.
For parents: they were decent humans
I'm just tired. I want sleep.
"Siri" means "Three" in fuckbusted-English
I listen to six word audiobooks.
Drunk: beautifully unaware and blissfully ignorant
Denial, guilt, sadness, anger, acceptance, revenge.
Time didn't heal the deepest wound.
Irish stoic. Greek beauty. New tragedy.
"They're just children!" said the child.
Happy Day!. Hit toe real good...
Killed a spider ate a fly.
Gladly surprised, they cancelled the funeral.
"Her violin... Leave the dust there."
Time for , don't you agree?
if music is food of love?
Two different colored eyes. Both blind.
The mobile screen staring right back.
Moved for her, hard...but happy
Red wire! Red wire! Call ended.
Nations make wars. Wars unmake families.
My captor insists I'm his clone.
"All I wrothe Shakespeare stole." - Shakespeare.
Order the pizza. Return the pizza.
I hate you. I was pretending.
"Captain Kirk is your father too?"
"How skilled? Shaved with his lightsaber."
You again old friend. Deja vu
Yes, today should do just fine.
The Maestro pitched a hissy fit.
If: An Autobiography of Life Unlived.
Found the treasure. Cant get out.
Open communication led to no dialogue.
The stories these sheets could tell.
Master of death, pale and cold.
The tender meat slowly chewed me
No crusts. I glanced up. Forties.
No crusts. I glanced up. Forties.
The silence after battle was deafening.
Its spring, so, Winter is coming.
EA bought SWS. $3.99 for ending.
Sword of honor, stuck in back.
Game of thrones. The north remembers.
What she saw instantly paralyzed her.
Just once, the bad guys won.
It's my hill to die upon.
Her stain will never wash out.
Thank you. You're far too kind.
Short battle. Wounded. Rest in peace.
The Wishing Well regurgitated it. "Cheapskate."
A thread for six word D&amp;D campaigns, and some of them are great!
He swiped left on his soulmate.
I see dead people, look mom!
"Nobody loved you more than me"
Their name was never spoken again.
I laughed. I cried. I puked.
"Just be yourself." "Fire," he replied.
To be, or not to be.
Scientists declare plutonium not an element.
Im sorry that I love you.
North Korean tourism is going south.
below average, even in life expectancy
Will you still love me tomorrow?
Knowing too much obliterated my mind
Thankfully smoking helps me die faster.
I call your name no more.
"I love you. Don't tell anyone."
Things lived in Summerville. Horrible things.
Grissom keeps shouting "Zoom and enhance!"
Better a diamond with a flaw.
These baby teeth were pulled out.
I couldnt stop looking at her.
This post is sponsored by Audible.
Funeral: standing room only. No widow
Prisons: "Catch; release." Homes: "Nobody leaves."
Right Now I'm Rrrrrrrrrrrrrreal Fucked Up.
I'm built for war Joe Rogan.
He sees you when you're sleeping.
Most potent anti-aphrodisiac: a Young Republican.
He stepped on the grass... Shit.
Unopened American flag, made in China.
Patient zero lunged. The chain held.
Dai died dire in Dia, dear.
New notification: God missing, feared dead.
Jesus: Male alien detained crossing border.
Blind date never showed. Discovered daiquiris.
"The driver's late." "Good, Pizza's free."
Rainbows and Chocolate Sunshine. Everyone dies.
Holt sets up a Twitter account.
big bang theory, hilarious comedy
The dust-covered piano misses Johnny.
Body bag size; extra extra small.
"It's unkillable!" I stared. "It's plastic."
Say "control your emotions" then repeat.
I am really mad right now.
Life gave me your bloody lemons.
Finders Keepers. Youre mine, he said.
A Series of Blunders: A Memoir
It Be Like That Sometimes: A Memoir
History repeats my mistake, again. - Ikarus
"Soon" he whispered to the tombstone
how i met your mother.
He cried as people watched silently
His motivation is a cute girl.
I can't deal with her anger
I can't deal with her anger
Gripping tighter: he slowly lost everything.
The revolution is now streaming live.
Here, human gloves! One finger drooped.
You're my only friend. Gulp gulp.
I used to love this town.
Phone Rang, Switch was already flipped
Robert Plant? No. You? Hell no.
*Grabs pill bottle* *Grabs vodka* *Gulp*
For Sale: Chaise couch, used once.
First casualty of war was truth
Selling bad decision eraser; no refunds.
Discovered the cure minutes too late.
Mr Smith sighed. "I'm a potter."
Baby has rocket feet. Shoes unneeded.
It's ok. There's no other choice.
If all else fails, just quit.
MISSILE LAUNCH DETECTED. RETALIATION? [YES/NO]
She came, She saw, She ran.
Changed for him, eventually became him.
Government replied: we HEAR your vote.
"Light a candle," darkness mocked me.
A poet born far too late
Someone has poisoned my wishing well.
I steal bread and flitter away.
Sports hunting. Lion unaware match started.
"Just be yourself." "Fire," he replied.
Bed is so cold without you.
Dont worry, you always wake up!
Who's knocking at the closet door?
Death took everything but the memories.
Useless pennies...Useless quarters.......useless $5
The blinding sun shows the way.
"Foodies say 'protein.' Us farmers? 'Grubs.'
The ultimate aphrodisiac: a big wallet.
The one?
One of the lessons i've learned.
Magic? Genies? Bugger off." "Wishes granted."
"Mars? Won't you get lonely?" "Get?"
Soy peor, pero estoy mucho mejor
She said no, I heard yes.
Beyond the funk, to the otherside.
She was left alone in shadows
Happiness; a false sense of fullfilment.
Discarded, the third appendage gestured rudely.
"Your wife's great in the sack."
Tradition transformed: Taco to Tequila Tuesdays.
Free cheese only comes in traps.
But... But... I saw you die!
Finger on the trigger, he hesitated.
My imaginary friend never left me.
Another Bad Dream
Upvote this post to die instantly
I regret choosing Mars over her.
Mittens should have died that day.
Two became one, three, two, one.
"Clothes shrinking", says man eating pizza.
Mars was a mistake. No WiFi.
Moneypenny tearfully orientates the new 007
He knows what cyanide tastes like.
On the seventh day, God wept.
It hurts, but you're worth it.
I held on...she let go.
He lied, I left. Im broken.
Silent leaves, while the wind blows.
"Passengers, please man the bus's turrets."
I don't want to die yet
Warning: Antidepressants may cause suicidal thoughts
What's your first name again, Grandad?
This genre: perfect for Tombstones.
I do not like hospitals anymore
Pulling up his trousers, he left.
Nine lives... and kitty chose you.
The best thing in life is...
Your future? Crystal swirled. R-rated.
Garthog, Necromancer. 1347-1402, 1429-1507.
Her: Nobodys Home. Nobody was home.
So wrong always thinks he's right.
Life is soup, I am fork.
for sale: one heart, assembly required.
Forgot his name, still remembered mine.
...really thought I was getting better.
Atmospheric miners didnt care. Jupiter disappeared.
God does not believe in you.
God knows your life is funny.
Baking cookies. I need the endorphins.
There are four types of stories
Forgot his name. Still remembered me.
For sale: hooker boots, well worn.
Story with no end, only beginning.
Dads are like boomerangs... I hope.
For Sale: Adult condoms, never worn
Happy birthday. You would've been five.
Im writing my story with(out) you
"To win the bee, spell Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis."
The skeleton inside you wants out.
I will wait at the top for you
Three waiters. One kissed. Three fired.
"Six words?" Hemingway nodded. Virgil laughed.
In understanding him, she lost herself.
Flawed handsome gem shining amazingly bright
Foundation melted off a metal jaw.
What if the stain won't fade?
We only said goodbye with words.
I Just Wanted To Be Noticed...
Home: two eyes and a heartbeat.
The voices tried to stop me.
Singing in the shower for you
The princess is in another coffin
GODDAMN I LOVE HAVING GAY SEX
Would you swipe right on yourself?
She cheated. I decided to stay.
Phone dead, alone in new city
All he had left was himself.
See the six or the nine.
I think, therefore I am secular
Everything goes black, you turn blue.
The pattern was hideous. Thanks, grandma.
Decision made for me. No choices
The only reason I wake up
"Out of cheese"!? This is AMERICA!
Whats my diagnosis? Short-term memory loss
Whats my diagnosis? Short-term memory loss
Whats my diagnosis? Short-term memory loss
I like big butts and Icannotlie
Do Gods bleed? I'll find out.
"Let me in!" - from the closet.
Toe pics, its been four days.
Father stroked my thighs. Laudate dominum.
The final frontier. Left unexplored.
She's too sad for even chocolate.
"Waaaagghh" orcs yelled. Emperor protect me.
Be brave. Be nice. Find joy.
Hope and love are beautiful lies
Kids, don't try this at home.
Boss? The office chair rotated. Woof!
My therapists safe word is aubergine.
Sitting by his grave, she smiled.
"Earth rovers," shouted Tusken hawkers. "Collectible!"
The Martian shaman stood. "Welcome, Opportunity!"
Battery is low... it's getting dark.
Just tell her I went crazy.
Same daddy? Really? Wow. Kudos girl.
Right swipe. One date. No calls
Allone at night, dark emotions hidden
A bullet confirmed she was human.
Can't be, he died last week.
Good. Bring me another child tomorrow.
'Never Have I Ever" World Champion..
Set it. Forgot to forget it.
Lonely sex robot cloned a human.
Alien tourists wanted Elvis. Awkwardness ensued.
The Time Police arrested me tomorrow.
"The dog got loose" she said.
You make my nightmares come true.
You made my nightmare come true.
Boys are disgusting. Dad was worse
They read it, then hit upvote.
FW: FW: [CONFIDENTIAL DO NOT TRANSMIT]
I kissed her winter into spring.
Not a truer word Bens spoken
He said the bear was friendly.
"The scratches were  his skull..."
"The scratches where  his skull"
My memories were infallible until now.
RE: Tan line on ring finger.
Flyover country Confucius won't shut up.
You only get to live once
Six months later, Still missing you
Is this weed? I'm calling police!!
You plus bread equals a sandwich.
Brass hits rooftop. Goodbye El Presidente.
The plutonium has gone missing. Again.
Rope snapped again. Off to work.
I was mad, she was laughing
He only cries when audience leaves.
Thoughts on cannibals? They were delicious.
Unironic subscriber to r / gamersriseup
Forked-tongue lie behind false teeth.
One day everyone's wishes came true.
She Was Happy, But Never Again
"Warning: Hot Surface" - written in braille.
"But what you draw, I become."
Unlike before, its life or death.
Memories are accurate. Reality is not.
Shes great, but shes not you.
I died when I was born.
They are so selfless and nice.
"You're poisoned" read the cup's bottom.
You're poisoned" read the cup's bottom.
Misclassified hanging clothes as a ghost.
File sent successfully. The election ahead.
Please confirm, delete address Home: Yes.
I dont dream about you anymore.
My dog was alive this morning.
Tiny godlets enslaved to pilot drones.
The fire escape doors were locked.
Brian was happy. Once he gambled.
Not time travel, no. Time tourism.
Well, lets kill us a god.
Oh great. We need more hostages.
I said no to opiates. Twice.
Supersoaker? I hardly even know 'er.
These Eerie Pieces of Missing People
What about having a baby? Nope!
Hymns echoed through the flooded cave.
If you need me, I'm here.
Life insurance: where is my Clarence?
Failed seventh test, drove home anyway.
The surgeon amputated his whole body.
99 problems and she's every one.
Kill two birds with one drone
He thought the goldfish wanted air.
She lost herself entering the void
Suddenly, the stars began to move.
"Leave some rocks unturned please." "But..."
Pride in removing the meaningless. Alone..
Called me friend, kept me closer.
"For Sale, Baby Shoes, Never Worn."
Call the coroner Wait, the DOCTOR!
911 called me back... cant answer.
He lost it in the war.
Born An Orphan Died A Family Man
"I'm a necromancer. Die, then talk."
Spices can make crappy food bearable.
I dissolve so I can create.
I loved her. She never knew.
All I know is being enslaved.
I never thought you'd hurt me.
Faded like laughter at old jokes.
NO!!! I'm not your yes man.
mocked in life. honed in death
I don't think I'm strong enough.
By all appearances, he was OK.
I'm no longer under her spell.
The past isn't a life sentence.
One night can change a life.
Physical violence portrayed what words couldnt.
"I just saw my reflection blink."
Wealthy mute marries supermodel. Money talks.
Seek piece, find peace, become whole.
May kill me, won't destroy me.
Elon Musk is a system update
I wish I forgot it all
Two sleeps felt like too many.
Even two sleeps is too long.
Oddities wanted: love's free for all
Nobody told me she couldn't swim.
The janitor's also the adjunct prof.
PRIEST FOUND GUILTY. God help us.
Last words: "I should've deleted Reddit"
Rest in peace. Seriously. Please leave.
The stork flys in nine months.
For England, James? No. For me.
Necromancers grieve? For them its purpose.
You could never ruin a thing.
Dead people no longer disturbed her.
Yesterday. 'I'll see you tomorrow.' Where?
7 bites from a posh landmark
My fork paused. Salad shouldn't wriggle.
Big ego. Small results. Recalibration complete.
Drink. Enjoy. Stupefy. Wake. Regret. Repeat.
Rapture came. Nobody noticed; on phones.
She hates that he adores me.
Verb a noun and be adjective.
Pigeons, then crows, now only vultures
Bought two tickets. Only used one.
Shrek is Life; Shrek is Reality.
Social credit's too low to emigrate.
Some things are better left unsaid
Unfortunately, the operation was a success.
Tethered Bigfoot secret behind crop circles.
He said,"wait". So i did.
Storefront window smashed, father's legacy gone.
I hope I found the one
One, two, three... Bang. "She's gone."
Somberly, she haunted the castle alone.
Waluigi should be in Smash Bros
It's gonna be a long fight...
Bungee broke. Needs repairs. Theyre free.
He texted "Meet by the river."
It's safer outside than at home.
Entered as ten, retreated as two.
LGBT over impoverished. 4.5% vs 12.3%.
I love you the most. Always.
"Kiss me." She did after neighing.
"Better him than me", I lied.
Her good night was a good bye.
Bodies are heavier than they look.
I'm trapped in a giant oven.
All along, the obstacle was... herself.
Then, just like that, they unpaused.
Just a bit... she won't notice.
Eat.Sleep.Study.Fail.Repeat Again.
Today'll be hard. I'm always here.
Progressive racist successfully offends every student.
Airing my sheets outside; endmost, strangled.
The greatest is within the smallest
It echoes, you hear and repeat
Thread the best six word songs
Disappointing? Theyre the one who tried.
Summer of 69; when was it?
Travel solo to meet yourself, consciously.
He wants to watch, not participate.
I mumbled make the dream alive
Time travel orders misprinted, killed Hutler.
Need some money? Get a pimp!
I'm not gay, he's my girlfriend.
Brother's last words: "I'm your father...."
The Bibles true protagonist was Satan.
your good name? devil he said
The dragon snarled and I struck.
The heartache stopped, thanks to her.
Birthday party ruined by drunk father
From everything, to lets be friends.
Quit drinking? Nothing left to celebrate.
I should be enjoying this, right?
Tired, treading water. Day fades away.
Dreamt you were between my legs.
This place isnt on the map.
I can't paint. Luckily "ACHOO!" Perfect.
All I ever wanted was Serenity
Five minutes later, an hour passed.
She woke up and felt disappointed.
Looking back, where'd I mess up?
"Let's be friends." Back to strangers.
They waved goodbye; fearing the worst
"Skin colour? Only descriptive, never divisive."
The room burst out of laughter.
That is not the entire story.
Fresh bodies please. These ones... broke.
You were the chosen one, Anakin!
It's okay, I don't want anything.
Ironically joined my sister's glorious "cult"
Called my son, fired his gun.
The sociopath was hiding among us
Dead phone battery screen. Pure darkness.
He hated white curtains when alive.
Daily texts
Maps? Thats what I said! Mops.
The shaved chihuahua jumped into traffic.
I was afraid, afraid to believe
Hard won: achievements since acquiring PTSD.
Leave behind. Those that cannot change.
Searching "cassettes" brings memories of you.
When twenty: Love Cake. Like Frosting.
When five: Like Cake. Love Frosting.
Old friends become social media characters.
Loved everything she saw, but blind.
"Will be astronaut!" "Sky's the limit."
Wheelchair, but shoe soles were worn.
Hungry. One-who-feeds-me sleeps.
Are... we still the good guys?
I laid there bleeding, and then...
He held the collar. "Never again."
Hey, you. You are finally awake.
Bittersweet coffee, just like her honesty.
The rains in Africa were blessed.
"when does the ringing stop? Never."
197 souls. But Audrey has two.
Time stopped, her skin was cold.
I looked. She looked. We knew.
Cigarette I whispered, just before dying.
Break down Jonahs dying white whale
Fist bumps, holding hands, gentle kisses
"Girlfriend? Sorry, my backup's from September."
Last thing I remember? Backing up.
I didnt make you do that.
Sending college applications for dead daughter
"He double-spent on the marriage blockchain."
Cant be with or without you
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
Sorry solder, shoes come in pairs
Choosing to live is endlessly exhausting.
This is not your captain speaking
Daddys just playing hide and seek
Aimed for the stars; copied Challenger
Smuggling photos from instagram to reddit
Died as he lived, under duress.
Elementary/ my dear Watson: particle/ acceleration!
I think weve been here before.
Didn't give them my decoy wallet.
Contents of home filled twelve skips.
Winemakers face bottlenecks - we are screwed !
Beneath the clown's grave: priceless diamonds
Mountains aren't funny. They're hill areas.
He won't be chasing another car.
My drug problem isn't the issue
Corporations sponsoring normal people's baby names.
Not this again; it never ends?
My birth certificate is not dated.
DNA results; Mom isn't... Dad is.
I really hate cliffhangers. They always
Got the cup but no coffee.
Order: "Shoot the medics!" They didn't.
"Ima kill you!" "Cool, what else?"
Scoville scale decimated by "Beelzibob" pepper
Another caramel. The box said assorted!
None of these are actual stories.
Teen fails Spanish class; millions applaud.
"Never learn to sew," said grandma.
Pornhub: Pickup where you left off?
Red eyes rolled. Not a vampire.
Dogs are not humans, dogs genuine
Smile, the whole world is watching.
She hated Harry Potter. Its over.
Puppies! But first, a terrible accident...
Titanic Wreck Resurfaced, Passengers Seen Onboard
Night fell and never left again.
Death robbed me of my revenge.
Her attractiveness hid her hideous personality.
Unfortunately, the 'vampire virus' was discovered.
I dont shave with my razor.
Real or Insomnia-induced hallucinations, not sure.
Meatbags deemed me unsalvageable. A mistake.
Trump plays well like betta fish
I think, but what is real?
The infinite sunset stroll on Venus.
We stormed the gates of Heaven.
Quaid! Start the reactor. Free Mars!
Trump builds wall; entombs friend Fortunato.
My phone shut down, hes inside.
I think I met a ghost
Because of pro-life, there is pro-choice.
I threw away my rabbit's foot.
"Topical use only." "... Tell me earlier!"
Dear Santa, Hope there's no delays...
Disaster and war. Then I awoke.
Watching your roller coaster trip: optional!
He's either dead or playing possum.
Eventually, Breathing was all she remembered
Toss your panties aside. Good Girl!
He fought, but despair always wins.
Please, you need to WAKE UP.
Everything beautiful is in your eyes.
"Your puny soul? Worthless. Keep it."
I miss you in my front seat.
I'm one of the chosen few,
Years later, I still hear screams.
Guess it's just us two m'lady.
My autocorrect has bean acting up.
"Oh crap, they hunt in packs..."
Yet another story lacking content ended.
Didnt matter, just another temporary step-sister.
Life, holding his interest, became impossible.
The night's darkest, just before dawn.
"Hello" for years; then she died.
A thousand farts thundered from me!
Son of a *, I'm alive.
Tried to love, still killed her
There is no sleep, only forgetting.
He was loneliest in her arms.
He reminded her of her promise.
Curfew they said. Door is locked!
He killed himself. Overdose on antidepressants.
3ft to gold. He quit.
The first sixty times are hardest
I'm being blackmailed Cupid nocked. Same.
Checkmate. I exhaled. Death pouted. Again!
"The three school shooters didn't coordinate."
~~Perfekshun~~ ~~Perphection~~ ~~Purfexion~~ Perfection is difficult
The contract's expired? My soul's free?
I'll take cat food, and whiskey.
Slow kid dates girl , she leaves .
Said the N word , got shot .
"I am the Senate." "Not. Yet."
Shit myself , my girlfriend left me
WHAT'S YOUR TOMBSTONE SAY ON IT?
I just wanna know Im loved
The tall man followed us home.
Her world was much too small
Internet killed the video star. Karma.
You're my best and worst memory.
I am pruning the family tree.
Crusaders wanted to escape the snow.
The water reflected somebody not there.
He's home; brought a folded flag.
One day, he just stopped talking.
Survived hell, welcoming death every step.
OH SHIT, OH FUCK, wait no.
Her eyes, empty as my heart
In the end, beginning was expected.
It's going to rain for awhile...
Maybe next time I'll lie instead.
Maternal rejection, return to claim brithright
You're constructed, not 'born this way'.
Proves Hell exists; but Heaven doesnt.
One more drink for the end
Locked himself in, protecting everyone else
Locked themselves in, protecting everone else
No career can fill that gap.
No me vuelvo enamorar otra vez.
The criminals contemplated detaining the police.
Were still the good guys, right?
My life goal: end it all.
Hiding, from my past and myself.
My deathbed... Contemplating... If only I'd
"He's not coming up... Keep swimming!"
Turns out drunk tattoos are permanent
You mean, people aren't "sometimes" food?
I shall not bring no rhythm
One man's trash is another's upvotes.
Two Nine Eight Three One Seven
Hobbes, Old Buddy  I've grown up.
Sarcasm: safety meeting ends in accident.
The snow fell faster than expected
My hero is someone else's villain.
Hundreds of gravestones, all marked "soldier"
He's been captured, but still hiding.
"Mommy will come back." Lied Father.
She somehow knew i was autistic.
The rover played "Happy Birthday" alone.
Toast Loving Man, Dead In Bathtub
hope you had a nice day
Over you without having been under.
Plan to change your mind again.
The pros and cons of breathing
The first days are the hardest.
Six twelve ounce coffin nails later...
God. Please take this thoughts away..
I fall in love too easily.
One things true, lifes not fair.
The cops were just standing there.
Dog leads Hunter to crashed sled
Beginners' cookbook found in house ruins.
Bow down women in red tragedy.
I am a masochist for pain
Devil's stuck in Atlanta's rush-hour traffic.
Ill pretend I didnt hear that.
Encrypted or alives, Jesus loved knives
Every body is different. Not everybody.
Metal scrappers discover ancient border wall.
You snuggle better than my pillow.
One match to light the way
'Likes' are like Internet solo jerks.
Im sorry that I wasnt her.
Im sorry that I wasnt her.
Feel sorry for the human chameleon
"Save draft" or "Post" ... I hesitate.
Sailboat, windless ocean. Friend or food?
The grind sickened her. Darn coffee!
Last Man On Earth, Knock Knock
We were dead before the ship even sank
New Year's Resolution: turn off Murderbot.
her: 'just friends', 18 years later
Purposeless: he did not miss a chance
Hope I see you today, Grandma.
The Oscar goes to...... "Inactive User"?
Turns out, that toothbrush isnt yours
You up? I miss you alot.
I am what I eat: Human.
Black Friday. Boxing Day. Cyber Monday.
Hello my name, no one cares
Hopeful youth, buried in unmarked grave
Mesalazine, azathioprine, adalimumab. Keeps me ticking.
Pandemic spreads uncontrollably, solves global warming.
You're the reason she cries now
But he said it wasn't loaded!
Humanitys new favourite song is static.
New year washes away the old
Are you just another deleted picture?
His heroes are all serial killers.
Tojours amour was written in sand
She was sedated. Never woke up.
Moon footage altered to hide Elvis.
Long story short:you broke me!
Finally found Waldo... Tombstone flower-free.
Copyright 1731 - 2019, by Edward Langrmann.
Trust me. It's cool, I promise.
Lease ended. So did the relationship.
Count down, sir    Surgery successful, maam.
why fly when you can plod?
Elevator rides are lonelier without you.
And then things got even worse.
Trudeau steps in poop; walks on.
But she forgot it was Sunday.
Safe key lost, Reward in safe.
Safe's key lost, reward in safe.
One by one, stars went out.
In airport bin: Gay Travel Guide
Mournful, Watson solved the case alone.
Let go.... Jump off? Possibly fly!?
Reaper Pepper mixed with Jalapenos - vengefully.
Im not tired. Im emotionally exhausted.
Placebo Kryptonite works just as well
Popeye's spinach allergy; swelling, grandiosity, aggression
Out damned spot! Out I say!
Steel to temple: organize your thoughts.
For you, I'd cut it off.
We should have buried her deeper.
Now his leash only gathers dust.
Kidnapper chased woman into karate studio.
'Avada Kedavra!' 'Y-you're a w-wizard, Larry.'
'Avada Kedavra!' 'Y-you're... a w-wizard, Larry.'
Faulty ripcord in hand, "What now?!"
Bid accepted: Oops, time to panic!
Sad, overgrown gravestone simply says "specimen."
Whats keeping you from seeing me?
You are winning so hard, dude.
Darling, you made me hate myself.
Years later, I still find fur.
My third 'execution' might convince them.
Giraffe eats fruit dangling from heaven.
Polite judge offers convicted murderer chair.
Baby shoes for sale, never used
I am giving my suitcase away.
Using contractions now considered two words.
God, just please dont forget me...
Mom, please dont forget me too.
Johnny likes candy, he got diabetes.
New Year, Same person... Different problems
Talk show hosts talk to much.
"Today: closed", said a weathered sign.
How'd I even get this far?
Her infectious smile and intoxicating eyes.
Explosives and wood, many vampires staked.
Vegan vampire killed with a steak.
Conjuring mishap summoned a SPAM elemental.
Lawndarts in space! Next on Jackass!
Earthquake and flood! Hooray offsite backups!
Step one: plan ahead. Step two:
How does this story thing work?
The past is infuriating, future uncertain
Were you always telling the truth?
Time to pretend that I'm happy
After ten showers, I'm still dirty.
The suspiciously inward-facing barbed wire.
Flesh Circuit, A Psychic Bonded Conglomerate.
I fucked your mom. Shes pregnant.
My hands still smell of bleach
Treated like an eighteen year curse.
I was comfortably lonely, until you .
The mother was drinking for two.
Let it go, another broken resolution.
Big brother knew I was vulnerable
This year be beautiful.. 365 days!
See ya next Tuesday Bubba Gump
"I better bleed soon" she warned.
Recognized at the yearly gym line...
Lost the weight, and the baby
Still struggling, thought I was normal.
Happy New Years Brian. Kiss me.
Three chairs. Two parents. One photo.
Loneliness is serenity, why be social?
Trust just doesn't exist anymore, friend.
Cannibals conquered. Let the feast begin!
"five." "Four!!" "Threeee!!!" "TWO!!!!" "O--" ... [Silence]
Happy new year, so they say.
Two hearts, one soul, intertwined forever.
Exercise, promotion, finish novel, call Mom
The wall isn't really a wall?
Midnight cooking sounds, but home alone.
The world ends when evil wins.
Heavy snow covered the culprits tracks.
He despised the liberated closet space.
Her eulogy was deleted as politics.
You were right, because youre wrong.
"At least she left the ring."
A prisoner in my own head
Just kiss me! He anxiously said.
Alcohol is, uh...whats the word...?
His world crumbled when she returned.
Final log: "Sample recovered from surface."
Please take my hand, he said.
I just can't hear him anymore.
We walk together in the sun
You set my soul on fire
Choir boy's knees so often soiled
Why cry, when I left her?
Ass kissers really annoy me.
Shower after train ride. No drains.
After this, history cannot repeat itself.
sesquipedalian circumlocution surreptitiously obscured my exsanguination
I'm in love with her. Still.
Nothing good ever stays with me
Real fans can actually blow wind.
Alien transmission: quiet, or theyll hear.
Next to testify: the victims's tv.
"They even took my guard dog!"
"I was only giving her CPR."
"Look! A free horse." said Troy.
The police police policed the police.
My ex room is public space.
Welcome to reality. Enjoy your stay!
America is a mental health Problem
this, THIS is how he coped.
Boy in study, until she came.
Falling back into the cycle again.
Trees
Instruction bequeathed with his passwords: Troll.
She learned CPR after the funeral.
omae wa mou shindeiru NANI!?! *SKRREEEEEE*
You fuck like dad -my sister.
Found wife on a porn site.
Whatever they say, dont have kids.
Just purchased baby shoes. Seller lied!
Three.. two.. one.. HAPPY NEW *explosion*
We are all forgotten one day
She's the catch that he dropped.
Umpire calls out player stealing wife.
Iay ovelay ouyay, ymay elovedbay!!
Didnt understand Id lost her forever
Fire alarm beeped intermittently, battery dying.
The fire-alarm beeped intermittently, battery dying.
Alliteration asks audiences for additional attentiveness.
Wrong place. Wrong time. Wrong person.
Open, all of it. Nothing's safe.
The dream was better, sleep time.
DNA may reveal the deepest secrets.
Everyones home. Not a word spoken..
Drifting, drifting, many miles from home.
Three . . . two . . one . Happy -. ..- -.-. .-.. . .- .-. / . -..- .--. .-.. --- ... .. --- -.
Your secret's safe with me sarge.
Who hurt you? My own expectations.
I can quit anytime I like.
Hope all is well. Miss you
User: THROWER-NOT-SHOWER ruined the SevenWordStories Subreddit.
"Call me Ishmal," said Whale mockingly.
Coffin for rent. Reason: sudden vacancy.
Looking forward to 2019, I quit.
I've got that joy, joy, j---
The bell above my coffin rang.
Ill be honest, I will lie
To live, is to accept death.
Making you you, renders me me.
Making you you, rendering me me.
Always watching you, even when sleeping
The shameful mess. Tensified ones mind.
Inside, she really really despises him...
I did nothing to deserve it.
Elves' scam defrauding unemployment benefits, arrested.
When I died, my karma stayed.
I trust you. Come find me.
because of controversial tweets (since deleted)
I got just what she wanted.
Sam swallows pills. Darkness swallows Sam.
Why care about anyone but us?
I prayed. Be safe. Find peace.
Everything I have, is my mind.
Millennial, spend? NO WAGE! ONLY SPEND.
Merry Xmas loves! Check my email ! 
Equality is not parity in everything.
Merry Christmas!!! I said to nobody...
Though she's died, her impact remains
Im glad you didnt pick up.
Challenge: write a six word haiku!
I don't want to be here.
At Christmas, all roads lead home
To breath is the greatest joy
"We have mice." Chocolatey grins. Guilty!
Cold! Naughty! PLEASE Santa, send coal.
Why lot word? Few do trick!
Really? Your apology compounds the pain.
Santa Claus finally killed, fifteen casualties
Merry Christmas! Wish you'd wake up...
New resolution: lose weight. As always.
went with troop,came with coffin.
Everyone gangsta until beetles start flying.
Her hallucinogens didn't fail. She did.
A razors kiss brings sweet relief
I tried finishing this sentence, but
"I'm hit-" "Don't die on me!"
People who love MSNBC love America.
Science always loses to religion.
Your goals are my goals also.
The heat has simmered for eternity
HEWWO? ***NUZZLES YOUR BULGY WULGY*** OWO
Sold search history to get cash.
Youll always be my greatest weakness.
There's no snow these days. Just cold.
These posts are getting too general.
My biggest hurdle lies within me.
He didn't realize it was loaded
"Haven't you realized? You're mine now."
With or without you, show continues
Pig in flight over battersea power
One shot and the world changed
Just one more drink, worth it.
"its high noon" he said angrily.
650 resumes. 40 interviews. No callbacks.
Bachelor's, 4.0 GPA. Convicted felon. Hiring?
There, dandelion puffs. "Egomaniac!" I blew.
Its all yours, paid with blood.
Tell me a story papa. No.
Her murderer lies within the mirror.
You augment. CAPTCHAs become more difficult.
Gun in mouth. Pulled. Trigger jammed.
Lost in time to me now.
...recurrence is real they realized eternal...
Sluggishly, Nemo drifted. Rotting flakes swirled.
"I WANT MY WALL" he wailed!
'He's in his own head again'
There is no goal, but journey.
Nursing home, Christmas time... no visitors
"Three months." "Congratulations!" "Of drinking beer."
They were always old,to me.
Sun is drowning in the skyline
Side effects may include temporary death.
Being suicidal sucks when you're immortal
I was aiming for the apple.
After the ban, grey cheddar proliferated.
Youngster's Christmas devastated. Again, no gifts.
"Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Gooooood."
This kinda chocolate lasts forever, baby.
The last case I ever worked...
The pope shot my cat again.
A tragedy turns into an opportunity.
Replace the fear with the love.
Flying in a lucid dream - Winner.
I'm not scary, your reaction is.
Fire isn't scary, your reaction is.
Negative ends turned into positive opportunities.
Fire isn't scary, it's your explanation.
He got hungry thinking about suicide.
He did not recognize him...herself.
Bicycle. Jalopy. Minivan. Convertible. Wheelchair. Hearse.
Sitting on the lounge oh whoops
They fucked each other's fuckholes RIDICULOUSLY.
because you hurt me, that's why
My penis is only for me.
Consequentially, antidisestablishmentarianism elongated another story; constitutionalistically?
Superfund?! Thought you said Super Fun!
Do Not Forget About the Ladies
wish he'd regret letting me go
Time for what's best for me
Always being tested, Every Freaken day!
Taco Tuesday created Gasy assy!! Pfffftt
Every year, we only unwrapped tamales.
No food tonight; dad lost lottery.
"Antidisestablishmentarianism stretched shorter stories out immensely."
In postscarcity wars happened over viewership.
Mother surrendered to zeros blinking forever.
Mother surrendered to zeroes blinking forever.
Stalker revealed, I retire from sub.
Relentless, I downvote again.
Contractions:One, two, or three words?
Downvoted again. Seems I'm being stalked.
Neglected husband, I should have tried.
Arriving? I didn't know we departed!
Be doubtful, there's no one truth.
Make peace with yourself, then another.
We're too busy to be busy.
Get out of your comfort zone.
Six words to remember to breath.
It is now Tuesday, my dudes.
I cant write while being watched
Deadlines past. Only six words today.
i know you left hours ago.
Counted rice meant an empty crib.
"Not another partridge! Enough pear trees!"
So tired of my broken heart.
"But son, she's a female impersonator!"
Hiring replacement husband for my wife.
The broken string lost another pearl.
You know your car? Funny story...
Dear Mrs. Clause, where is Dad?
"Care to donate?" "Not to them."
Cookies are never not eaten.
I miss saying I love you
Bloodied fingers delayed lighting the match.
Christmas Eve: "Santa drank Daddy's beer."
What good is an unbroken heart
I am Drunk!! End of Story...
Next door neighbours booked my Airbnb.
Millionaire's son: "I DRINK your healthcare!"
Whats your dress size, poopie? Jc
Everything I hear is your silence.
I've since forgotten the reason why.
I could tell by his handshake.
Losing virginity, outside. Awesome. Wait... BEES.
Look, ancient trefoil signs! Keep digging.
He asked her. She said yes.
Destroy enemy. Enemy is human.... (*processing*)
So sick of worrying about worrying.
Id sing if I could breathe
Pants off. She laughs. He leaves.
While surrounded by pasta, he starved.
Carols looped endlessly. More alcoholic eggnog.
Jazzy bit me. I'm craving . . . . flesh?
Donald pushed the button. The end.
I purposefully skipped my passport appointment
My coffin is on my back
This place we're in doesn't exist.
Glass coffins. Popular? Remains to be seen.
"We're cornered!" *BANG*, *click*, *click*, *click*...
My queen now owns my heart
Atlantis resurfaced. It worked! Tasmania sank.
Two Steps Forward One Step Back
"Farewell, World!" Sent Computron. Reply: "Adieu!"
Safe in monotony, day after day.
You stay, go, which is it?
Waking every morning. Not with you.
Soaring cold. Bitter Winds. Crying souls.
He took the easy way out
Our bodies weren't our property anymore.
Sleeping Time - Part Two: The Awakening
Some people just like to break rules.
She said "Hey". My heart melted...
What are you so afraid of?
She gasped. It sat up. Again.
Too much karma; I'll just wait
Goood morning! Unsent letters, unban me.
Woken up by a Charlie Horse.
Cant sleep up since 3:33 am
But you KNEW I'd do it.......!
I'm not gonna NOT judge you...
Either she's lovely or I'm lonely.
Another mistake, get back up.
Why do we let bullies win?
Onwards! Pistons fired. Brass automatons advanced.
A present for a death sentence
A broom went up my ass.
I'll take a broom... IN MY HAND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!+!+!+!+!+!+!+!+!+!+!+!+!+!+!+!+!+!+!+++!++1+1=1=1=1=1=1=1=11
Heeeyyyy, have a great show brother!!
Patience; the order of the day.
She does not want my love.
Anti-Viral medication prescribed by... Dr. McAfee.
Type, delete; retype, delete... abandon ship
What's holding up his suicide? Me?
Oops. Breaking tables with my mind.
Shatner's. Outrage. Exceeded. His. Acting. Ability.
"Feed your children the applesauce first."
Someone help me with unsent letters
Hawaiians, Alaskans: Our thermostat's off limits.
Pulling the trigger... Never seemed easier....
Another holiday season. Another layoff season.
Vest in pieces... Rest in peace.
Ill help! .... Really? .... No just pretending
Terran weather balloons inspired our spaceships.
We retired a teddy bear today.
"There's no escape." "Did you try?"
I know you! Thats your purse!
I wish she had said, Yes.
In another life, she said yes.
Two men shaking hands. One's aflame.
Gym time. Too tired. Maybe tomorrow.
Freeze. Silence. Exhale. Snap! Fear. Run.
Huh, finally passed five upvotes here.
We're all just slowly-dying animals.
Watch out for the floating cars
Watch out for the floating cars
Gasping for air, her eyes dimmed.
"Let me craft the Star Forge."
Not who you think I am
"We are not leaving Gary behind."
Their silence echoed across the room.
Try yoga. Ok. . . . . Fuck! . . . . My neck!
Good morning Chaz. I rough you. 
I caught the robber. "Hi, dad."
Evil spirits slain by family cat.
When I say go, we jump.
Finally, youll look up at me
Roll the dice. Pick a card.
"I'm unhappy." "But you're getting paid."
He stood me up. Better man up BABY
I only smock with my covfefe.
The atheist didn't go to hell.
Make not, love war. The End.
Polydactyl cat writes six word story
Massive pain, threshold reached, stupid toe
Last year's fruitcake sat, conspicuously untouched.
Please stop down voting me Dani
Orders been lifted. Where is she?
Rejecting honor, he squeezed the trigger.
We won't become a Dateline story!
Just another unhealthy habit I'll overcome.
standing, stranded on the same ground.
Establishing domination through glitter in Christmas cards
My friend was a drunk driver.
Ill live my mediocre life too.
Reddit karma saved is karma earned.
Mr. Ed gasped, Finally became Speechless!
The Knowing, Said "I Know You!"
The blue lips' smoke signals stopped.
Rock bottom keeps getting even rockier
The baby cried. The mother died.
Evil ring appears? Call the midgets!
Subreddit updates! New Mods; Read first.
$1mil idea required $5mil in capital.
Carving a pumpkin for Christmas instead
Estimated Time Arrival To Be Determined
"ID?" She sighed, annoyed but flattered.
Florida Man - the hero we deserve.
Courage is to not avoid fear.
I tried to fail, I couldn't.
Seven days to repair or ruin
Her children, waiting in hunger, watched.
No fortune; make your own destiny
Now this is a game changer...
Loud applause masked her Achilles rupturing.
It's yours until it stops beating
The tea leaves clotted like prophecy.
She's my only post apocalyptic past.
In the end, it wasnt enough.
We did all that we could.
too innocent, her hurting me? Unrealized
Six words are just enough to
Crucial! Read unopened message by Tuesday.
:(
Theyre not warcrimes if you win.
Smirking, he revealed his bloodied thumbs.
Huh. Things worked out after all...
 "Santa Baby Come Kiss me tonight"
Coffee stains linger, becoming Rorschach tests.
I only feel alive on weekends. 
All Those dumb things people feel
Completely and hopelessly lost in admiration....
Definitely on the naughty Christmas list   
Messages arent working; send a chat
100 days since seen handsome face
Help me...please. One last time.
Well, well, Brown Cow, Do Tell!!
White light enters prism, rainbow exits.
Communication ceased due to plans made
Memories fading, universe consigned to oblivion.
Wait... Am I real or imaginary?
Couldn't forget you, if I tried.
Career paths are just a hallway
Night night, sleep Tight,, dreams delight
Silence... It approaches... Silence... It hears.
Silence... It's approaches... Silence... It hears.
Regrets sex with my best friend.
Only on here for my person.
Finals? Passed. Now off to war.
Beanstalk gesticulated. Goatee postured. Hourglass texted.
Buskers are being murdered!...Hello??? ANYONE!?
He loved when she broke character.
Bread looked perfect. Didnt eat it.
She claims big boned, nahhh obese.
"Can't we... Put her under first?"
Oh, shit! Caught feelings. My bad.
I didnt really have a choice
He was quiet. Then they were.
She let go, I never did.
I was drowning. She saved me.
"Care"-less comments not allowed in Unsentletters 
"Pungent" comments not allowed in Unsentletters 
I don't deserve to be loved
COMPLETELY OVER HER!!! SHE DISGUSTS ME!!!
 did NOT get you  from Unsent 
Twenty-one gun salute. Daddy's come home.
Unblock me from unsent letters please!
Did I plan? No, I ran.
Vampires! Scores of sugar maples bled.
Do what you said you would.
We can wander through the wildness.
In the end, Waldo finds himself.
The vampires returned annually. Maples bled.
None of them believed they existed
I drank his silence like liquor
I urgently need a therapy session.
Deeper the river rose; onto homes
Grandma's accident means food bank again
Dont lie. Youre just as broken
You, give me back my happiness
Wrote Ten Songs About Not Fucking
Humanity is such a disappointment!!! Sighhh
I'll make it worth it babe
Breaking news! Romaine lettuce produces zombies...
I'm hungry. Time to leave coffin.
Too many fakeness, not enough Real!!
First breath is signiture to suffering.
I can't stomach you all anymore..
So full of hatred within. BULLY.
So, it ended like it began.
Finally, opened up. A painful mistake.
Its a long December and Im willing to behave, maybe this year will be better than the last? - Adam Duritz pondered
Where are you Brian!?he cried
Answer, or let it slip away?
Scared of unknown. Hate. Ignorance. Bullying.
Flat World. God. Angels. Twin Flames.
Strange emeralds resurfaced amidst melted ice.
Someone get Sausage-dude some cheese  for his whine  
Someone get Sausage-dude some cheese  for his whine  (more than 6 words idc tho)
This effort, is no longer, profitable!
Pretty rude that it's not Friday
Tears, tears, because people are Idiots
Ballless people, hiding behind fake Names
Ballless people, hiding behind fake Names
Feels like forever in your arms.
Your arms are around someone else.
You broke my body, not me.
"Meat." "Primitives! I'm on body #4."
May I Kiss U, Chaz Basghetti?
Should I take my retainers out?
Help wanted: Mod position, never used.
Santa left, sack flat and rectangular.
Your hour has passed. Bye Daddy!
Cheesy Pickup Line Competition starting now!
Patience slowly learned through untrusting eyes
Shes a mover. Shes a shaker.
Happiness is only real when shared
Immortality revealed after bungee cord failure.
Mother Nature sentenced you to death.
Secret Sixwordstories Meeting In Secret Subreddit...
mods asleep; quick! post seven word story
Do things ever get any better?
No, it sounded like a human...
AND THATS HOW The STORY ENDS!
For sale: one owner, mildly abused.
Grab my confetti gun. Clown's here.
Most of these "stories" are... not.
She's So Hot &amp; Busty, ETC. 
Intergalactic interference, copulating spores, humanity destroyed.
Mum says murder, police say suicide.
Like my Reddit username? Let's ELOPE! 
She has too many dead friends.
I will not order mediocre sex.
No OC, save for "trolls". Unsubsribed.
"What are you doing tonight?" "You!"
The Winchester stairs lead to nowhere.
Freedom arrived; cloaked within her despair.
I've been dreaming about you lately.
Ball rolling; kid running; screeching tires
The accused. Guilty. No trial. Hanged.
Hitched a ride. Now, I'm lost.
Hmmm...I'm confused...am I e-blacklisted?
Why didn't I make the list? 
Sniffle, Please take out the garbage.
People complained today, fell dead tomorrow.
CRYBABIES = Sausagepizza dude &amp; Badolf, ETC.
Family played Monopoly. No survivors, again.
BUNCHA CRYBABIES: Sausage Guy &amp; Badolf.
"Someone should mod here!" No-one volunteered.
SORRY, YOU CAN'T SIT WITH US!!! 
Run fool! The shadows will follow!
They're all one person, he explained.
Try understanding someone:Before Judging them!
Insulated closets rarely hide primal screams.
Misunderstood muse. Wrote sentence. Shit happens.
50,000,000 clone accounts can't be wrong!
If I die, nobody would notice
Ridiculous, venomous, sinister, run for cover
I never cried til she died.
What the fuck is going on??!!
30 minutes into Netflix &amp; Chill...
Where are the six word riddles?
We fiddled on until the last.
Scrabble outcome: Three dead, one arrested.
I was in pain. You flexed.
Privatize air supply. Solve population problem.
Mods, please ban six word trolls.
[Meta] Not a six word story, but I've been investigating some weird shit in this sub, and this is what I've found...
Burned by the fire you started
Bedtime means reflecting; on my mistakes
Loved you, love you still, FML.
What did you want from me?
How was that SUPPOSED to sound!?
Answers don't matter, start living now
What do you mean, she "gone"...?
My only fear is walking away
The signs. The coincidences. The you.
I'm Hypnotized By Her CRAZY EYES...
They left me after nine months.
Words betray you. The eyes: TRUTH.
If it's a game, I forfeit!
His life was on permanent loop.
Facial contusions, IV drip, hospital blackout.
He preferred "limitless personality" to addict
Were all fish just swimming along.
Wrapped up with myself sometimes, sorry.
Im single and making new friends.
Legit not mad anymore. Just worried
Raise your words, not your voice
Nightmares are when you can't scream
Found love in the worst time.
I loved you, just not anymore.
It's never worse for the guys
Laughter. And a bottle of scotch.
Not knowing is what consumes me.
He left her behind, poor child.
You said goodbye but I can't
Visited again, reopened some old wounds
Lost in the moment with you.
This rebellion wasn't surprising, he mused.
Sooo Bored!  Porn Hub Time, ETC. 
Grief personified by two little shoes
I always care and get hurt
When I hug you Im home.
She Shower Cries IDK Why, ETC...
Fuck buying flowers for graves, seriously
Thalidomide baby. No feet, no shoes.
Told her IHY but ILH, ETC. 
I dont believe in anything anymore
True love or I am crazy
Until the end, no one cared.
Shaving my pubes into land strip
Hahaha! Impeccable timing Johnson! You okay?
I hope I go that way.
Baby screams whenever the car stops
Gotta copy &amp; paste it 25x. 
Masterful fingers danced; crystal glasses sang.
I text my lovers "GM Darling ".
The walls are closing in again.
You should have told me immediately.
Unread Report: No Men Witnessed Explosions
Mom hid scars from her childhood.
Last night, found my adoption papers.
She didn't remember locking the door.
Her bell above the coffin rang.
Oof. Wishing I were Lara Croft.
Not Just the movies are grayscale.
Wish I Was Like You, Fuck.
Everything you ever said was lies.
You Once Said, "Go Out, And . . .
Why did I feed a troll?
Counting sheep isnt as fun anymore.
"I'm NOT a whore!", she claimed
A truce, I'm betwixt with you.
Did I know you, prior life?
Would you believe my simple reprieve?
my supervisor's having a midlife crises.
She had everything to live for.
I Wish I Never Met You!
Why didnt I use my safeword?
Plastic smile couldn't hide broken eyes
God promised, Wishes will be fullfilled
Laser-Pegasus was not supposed to win.
Like a needle poking my brain.
If you ever need to talk.
I know you're sad, don't be.
Please do me a favor JCM
Eternity was prolonged; the universe hatched.
Eternity had ended; the universe hatched.
Just wanted to say thank you.
Those prison walls were stained glass.
Oh thats where my headphones are.
Her Amazing Beauty Legit Defies Logic...
Termites are apex predator in 2021.
Hey. LOOK at me! Im a crybaby. 
I'd explain, but you can't understand.
His first words were his last.
If I was everything you asked...
EL OH EL TIMES ONE HUNDRED!!! 
"You're not good enough for me."
My heart and soul ; all yours
Jury duty, blah, blah yuck sighh
LOL! My Co-Worker's A Reddit Troll! 
I think he stopped for now
u/Straight_Support, please stop spamming r/sixwordstories
I can't make friends, only lovers.
He never stopped fighting the war.
She pleaded self defense. Verdict: Guilty!
Ok lady, love you buh bye.
Straight_Support needs a Straight Jacket...
Flushed faces. Cold hands. Wedding rings.
We are safe. Candlejack left and-
Whats your warrior animal? A Boa
Church dress. Stockings. Of course, love.
The happy weight of wedding rings. :D
I think someone is short circuiting.
He definitely loved his lady officers.
Cake? I wouldnt. Hes dieting.
Let me. Let me he breathed.
At 4:27am realized straight_support needs meds.
In secret, he married her already.
No veil. Its a cape.
Kink? Its not possible for you.
You watch while we wedding plan.
Sleeping beneath the left hand path
Waited for love. Waited for heartbreak.
Breathe. 1, 2, 3, RUN FAST!
Whiskeys perfect when it's damp out.
To lie in wait; what pleasure.
You're Definitely NOT worth the work. 
The angry give away their power.
Apparently I'm blocked...Not So Much. 
Missing you is my unofficial hobby
I heard participation would be inappropriate. 
San Jose, Costa Rica...not California!
Please do not go, my love.
If you want to leave, leave.
Fixing it. I Do love you.
Could have, wanted to, love you.
Hey there you...call me back!
End the cycle of abuse. Leave.
She's a P.I. named Chick Chasey.
Cut the ties, don a neckerchief.
Alas, it was just delusion again.
Everything I want; Other-side of fear.
you are my Christmas, my love
Depend On, Count On, Rely On.
Her beautiful voice soothes my soul. 
Grocery List: Bleach, Ammonia, Sleeping Pills
"Everything." "We have seven sauces" "EVERYTHING!"
Travelled to the future. No-one there.
Netflix and Chill. I murdered him.
We folded cum stained bedsheets together.
Marry someone who is creative #forever
He never did get that drink.
Wifey material = how she uses emojis.
I havent done enough for you?
Human Sacrifice keeps me from aging
You will survive whatever is coming
When you say my name: tingles
That night, I fell in love.
Hand me that pike, John Brown.
Wont miss holier than thou mother-in-law glares
We should watch, Death becomes her
Said could I have boyfriend &gt; 5pm
first time ever, he folded laundry
She's why I believe in LOVE...
Level heads, so sure they'll prevail...
Cleaning out closets never looked good
chains are gone, been set free
Breaking shit: Now the rage starts
Divorce: You fell asleep right away
Perfect love casts out fear, anxiety.
Why doesn't Sleeping Beauty ever sleep?
It is possible until it isn't.
It's Sun-day but it's raining... 
Stand down Sunday initiated as requested.
YAY! Body all back together again
Your mind is a powerful thing
What? I asked. You make me smile.
You made the journey worth travelling
Trying not to scream, but fuck....
You know my politics. Too funny.
Some people are NOT worth it.
Fuck off. I'm done with you.
Walk towards the good in life
Youre my forever. So should we....
five words I swear to you.
There is no end to it.
You know what they say right?
Dodging bullets, retreating to square one
Soldier came home, father did not.
Alleged gnome sighting on my street.
Straight Support needs a Straight Jacket. 
my moron is just as excruciating
Is he kinky as he says?
I hope I NEVER loose you....
His tears interrupted at unexpected times
Needed you today, nowhere in sight 
Split apart we amount to nothing.
Reddit Chicks Are Completely Bonkers ETC.
Look at ME! Everythings NOT alright.
Zero social life. Great health tho
You are all I think about.
One missed dose and Im off.
Take a walk to center yourself.
Found soulmate on Tinder. Swiped left.
Heroines holding me too tight tonight.
Food comas shouldn't last this long.
Over scorched earth, she was followed.
Come over here to me tonight!
NEVER show up late fatbike party!!!!
And now its over, Im sober
You've been orbiting a stillborn giant.
"Social services is closed on holidays."
Time to relax in my home.
He bullies to mask the pain.
Will she do it or not?
Six Word Stories In Ten Separate Posts Equals Sixty Word Stories 
This Subway sandwich gave me diarrhea.
Stop clogging this sub, you two.
Faded ghost: false hope, fractured memories
Some people go others might stay.
I died once. Never will again.
"Like a rat in a cage."
Its just Another year without you.
You said soon...now its later
Leaving for work, I love you.
Heat, light, fire, pain, then death.
The current closed on their dance.
Martians, like Native Americans, lacked immunity.
And someone thought I was manic.
Saddness tells more stories, but boringly.
I thought you wanted more time.
Its time to talk, my love.
Afraid to "no" is not consent!
Alone, I put solid ground beneath me.
Lies he told hurt my head
"Anyone still here? You shouldn't be."
You can hide here any time.
It was love at first sight.
hide under the covers with me.
No one confuses me like you do.
He is the reason messages unseen.
I am allowed to want you.
You should have asked me over there.
That lie you told me once.
Im imagining Im taking a CRUISE
Better to hurt than feel nothing.
Don't think another account is me.
You are only responsible for YOU.
I am
Friends now because youre gay now!?
I sing you to sleep now.
Are we good? I feel confused
My love, Youre all I need.
Your shittyness screams you miss me.
Only I make my own choices.
Doctors office; HIV test; new prescription.
At night, you let demons in.
Ugh! I'm crushin' on a co-worker...
He is just a small kid
Snow in moonlight appears to glow.
Uncontrollable rocket, heading to the moon.
You never made me cum anYwaYS
Fighting for my chance, open up
Two bros, chilling in a hottub.
Going home alone never gets easier.
"I've dream't of this moment." "Keep dreaming."
Walking away wasn't an option anymore
Note to self: Let shit go
hope you feel: loved wanted, needed
You just want your belly rubbed.
This will be our last broadcast.
Happily ever after begins with pharmaceuticals.
Your hot then cold is endearing.
It is just a dramatic flourish.
Date Lunch with most Handsome Guy
Demoted her from LOVE to LUST.
SHE IS ONE IN A SEXTILLION.
Im ready to laugh with you.
Im ready to laugh with you!
I have earned my gritty reality.
Time to start back to laughter.
The day I cried, father left.
Still seeing. Still learning. Still growing.
Freudian slips tell us a truth.
Beautiful rainbow that I can't touch. 
I took a leap of faith...
She speaks with a forked tongue.
Spiritual wickedness dwells in high places.
She whispered I never forgot you
Her voice came back. She speaks.
Threw away yet another pink toothbrush
Her voice came back. She speaks.
Got the message. I'll do it.
I want to wake up. Now.
We should get out of bed.
You wanted a villain. They obliged.
They tell me it rained, love.
Dont be so hard on yourself.
You are my kind of ridiculous.
"You understand you're hurting me, right?"
Im sad and lonely. Hold me.
Looks like snow, where are you?
Christmas list long, bank account short.
Mornin Chaz...12 hours straight dreamin
Trying to solve the Rubik's cube
Alone; I sing to you now.
I am still here for you.
[Subreddit META] Mods left long ago.
Subreddit flooded; not water - shitty stories.
Millenial's retirement plan: revolver - one bullet.
False prophets leads the masses astray.
You ruined it, she tisked loudly
No one compares to you amor.
Polished toes wiggling in your lap.
Love the thorn under the roses.
Thank you, is this sufficient gratitude?
you never made me cum anyway
She broke up with me again. :(
Drinking on a trampoline? Fucking "smart".
Genius or insane? Lonely inquisitive brain...
I Hate, I can't, Get Him.
Prom pic. DUI report. Death certificate.
Is friend. Was friend. Now? Heartbreaker
He's the judge, jury and executioner.
Long nights. Oscar prize. Over dose.
Co-existence is a new relationship type
His words request permission for actions
Way to kill the mood, Mom...
The sunsets were blue back home
Forced retirement? You call it "Appreciation"?
The trees have begun to move
Every journey starts with one step.
You couldn't wait for me love
Our story doesnt have an ending.
Mods: Please Filter Out The Garbage.
Hmph...OD = failed mission...now WUT?
Seriously did yall get the memo?
I will never be fully awaken.
I have presents for you boo
Hope his day is a great one.
Hey, today is my birthday yall!!
"Sugar causes cancer," said the smoker.
Beaming, she waved. New diamonds glittered.
Is someone trying to murder me?
Are emojis allowed? Asking for friend. 
My middle finger gives me happiness.
"Text (*optional*)" Stop completing stories there.
There are monsters under my bed.
All i can do is stare.
My greatest fear? Alzheimer's. I think?
You run too long too fast!
You better grow a pair fast!
You want me? Buy me flowers.
You want me? But me flowers.
I wish you thought of me.
I realize now I'd been rejected.
I'm in love with you ETC.
Know you can always come here
Why is loving you frustratingly distant?
I havent had sex since June
Little Enis Johnson can't get up.
wanna be lonely together, with me?
My post to /r/sixwordstories hit /r/all.
Missing you all the goddamm time
YOU BETTER COME OVER HERE, DAMMIT!
I talk to people, they disappear
Will you already take the pill?
Stupid, stupid,, everything is stupid, PEACE
So was it you or not?
It doesnt matter when or where
I did everything I could
Your silence is my answer
Everything comes full circle, will we?
DON'T MAKE ME COME OVER THERE...
Real magic comes from our hearts.
"Why do you never feel safe?"
Drank milk. Fridge giggled. I died.
Didn't Mean For This To Happen
We were born on labor day.
Why Bother? Life Makes Its Choices
I wish Ctrl-A-Delete works there too
I want to just show up
I'm a ghost with no curse
I got herpes from a kiss. 
Per my Chakras, all are activated. 
A kiss is just a kiss
Her reign of fire comes secretly.
Where has nuclear reactor gone today ?
Ive fallen; my will is broken.
My kiss will show you everything
My lips can show you everything.
I regret not having more failures
Please, no. The darkness is back.
More scared of living than dying
Muse arrived: wrote sixwordsentence, not sixwordstory.
Another one bites the dust, RIP
Space shuttle for sale. Scraps only.
It's not me in the mirror
I want to confess to you
Tell yourself stories you can confirm.
I'm tired of doing the dishes.
It was definitely my loss 100%
Caste destroyed, labels unfurled, humans remain.
His crowning achievement was being born
Not lying about my current status
I'm not rich, but comfortably unemployed.
Like you said, hammer and hand. 
I only want to love you
Rudolph is on TV right now!
Nice to hear your voice again.
Rejection 2-1 you, you're definitely winning.
They are beautiful together. Only if.
Another rejection. That doesn't bother me.
I'm not going to stop trying.
Almost the whole family reunited
Why? It be like that sometimes.
He dreams of watching her moves!!!
Should i say hi to him?
This post should save my life.
The flame licked his face passionately
CoffeeCakes I'm calling tonight at 8:30.
The solace of ice cold silence.
He is the devil without horns
Hes the devil without horns.
Hes coo coo for Cocoa Puffs.
Drifting with the tide, missing home.
Putting on the breaks FOR NOW
Sitting in hospital bored as fuck.
I don't hide, I am Insight!!! 
Violence as a guest father figure
You're the light in my day
You are my lifetimes greatest gift.
Twin Flames Subreddit is not LIT.
You were and are only option
My skins been a great costume.
Per my Chakras, I'm very enlightened. 
Tired..exhausted..drained..need some coffee.
I'm tired of dining on ashes.
AOL what was it good for?
I'm gonna call later this week.
In love with crazy ass Annabelle
Pungentstench private chat? I happily decline.
Chicken or egg. What came first?
I hate cheese, cheese really sucks
What the Heck!! Always to Blame
I will call later this week...
I Love you, YOU my Heart.. 
Damnit 867-5309 was out of service.
The ego sheds. The words flow.
You have the hammer here's my 
TV on and off by itself.
Must stay balanced when we talk.
I'll reach out when I'm better.
I am in love with her.
Indirect communication is bad for health.
Some are destined to be alone.
I'll never reach her through him.
I haven't had fun in years.
I should've died so many times.
Genetic engineered baby impregnated by incest
The president's favorite album: The Wall.
Snow to snowstorm, please, thank you.
Toxin Has Got My Temperature Rising
Time brought them closer, not apart
I am doing it all again
All seats occupied, time to return.
Hes a pathological liar. Help me.
the breathing hurts, mostly at night.
Santa's X-ray displayed multiple ankle fractures.
Lets have that conversation you wanted.
What if the what ifs disappeared?
Will you be with me again?
Through the scope, they looked happy.
Blood, circling the drain. "I'm fine."
Sometimes, when slumbering, he felt whole.
Executioner slept well. Until husbands sentence.
When I need someone, they are gone
Test results show different life begins.
Just leave. I'm not worth saving.
I truly love you. I think.
I swiped left because it's right.
She won't be reaching out anymore!
Gun over here. Brains over there.
She wont run into his arms.
Delicious, he said, burning his mouth.
INFJ with LMNOP who likes ATM.
Liquor before beer, still very drunk
Time with you = Vacation from life
Watching you sleep, then I snore......
Let's shun the non believer....shuuuuunnnnnnnnn.
Today was such a pleasant surprise.
Can we start over. No games.
I saw you in a dream
So close to sending a greeting.
Yeah we're scissoring. Scissor me timbers.
guys= docking. Two girls= suction cupping?
You dont make me happy anymore.
Everything in common except for attraction
Madly in love with my beast.
My ashes down,soul beyond stars.
My favorite song is her voice. 
He wont move out, she will
LOVE DON'T LIVE HERE ANYMORE, ETC. 
He c-c-c-ame for hum...anity. S-s-s-top.... hi---....m..
ED slowly pushing her to Divorce
The third car did not miss.
arms, legs, back, cardio then clubbing.
Wore blue and orange for you
And I can't find the lie.
Get me out of my head!!! 
Tell me. Do we deserve this?
Can't wait for it. Time's up.
She Struggles with not wanting more
"Stop! I'll jump." "You won't." "...Shit."
I said don't call. Please call.
Id worship the hell outa you.
Working together still on the table?
Phone app blamed for voluntary kidnappings.
don't miss you, just wanna argue
I'm just gonna rest my eyes.
This wonderful life is short lived.
Feeling guilty, wish you the best.
Emotions are hard, I want alcohol.
Roll Tide verses War Damn Eagle.
I'm so deep , so fucking deep..
Why do i , always over dose ?
She overreacted that day. Regrets it
Words unspoken written on his body.
Whips, Chains and Handcuffs. That's The...
TF mod is a fucking CUNT. 
One decision can change everything, forever.
Make an offer I cant refuse.
Train. Eat. Grow. Roids. Impotence. Fuck
The TIDE keeps rolling and rolling 
I still have the card gifted
She killed her immortal abuser again.
'Smiles' "I am the Devil's Daughter."
She yearns: voice, eyes, presence, spirit
Intrigue me. Seduce me. Beg me.
REAL MEN keep their promises ALWAYS
Fight for me or lose me!!!
Love me then fight for me!!!!
I cry the War Eagle song!
Numb the pain with the liquor.
At peace when we made love.
She has no boss but God.
Im single. Nothing wrong with that.
"We're friends with potential," She countered
See you tonight! said her killer.
Consumption. Gasping. Blackness. Friday never ends.
I ghosted her, ETC. ETC. ETC.
Am i the problem or you?
I feel uncomfortable "acting" normal IRL.
I'd drop everything just to remember
Trump's pants on fire. Bring rake.
Eric must've blew Kevin's back out.
"You should've gone for the head."
Two liberals walk into a bar.
Anyone have an uncle with benefits?
Yung Gravy is a true poet.
Faith is fleeting. Im still here.
Easter Bunny.  Santa Claus.  Twin Flames. 
Living lies. Got me all excited.
Kisses in the wind, consumes me
You know nothing John Snow ... oh!?!
My Love, the Moon shines through.
He cried, "Revenge!" as she stumbled.
He had plans...Ex arrived unannounced.
Immolate my soul with your words.
She knew the fake was his.
Her boots are made for walking.
The Engineering building's elevator malfunctioned again.
Feeling better after a good cry
You be you. Ill be me.
One day you will regret this
Banned from deaf library; loud clothes.
Dreaming, wishing, wanting, but never having.
Monday morning I'm going to HR. 
Don't give up dreams.... Keep sleeping!
"Do less cocaine." "Any alternatives, doc?"
I have found in your eyes....
Coach and I reached third base.
Quocusque tandem abutere patientia nostra?
"how do you like your eggs?"
Mod deleted it, reposted to proflie.
A final goodbye, check my profile.
"Sex is overrated," I told her
I no longer imagine her taste.
Everywhere here reminds me of you
You played me... like a fiddle.
Then she lost her throwaway account
Come, let's waste some time together.
What ifs torture a hopeful soul
I married the wrong woman...twice.
The dogs ate the whole turkey.
Curiosity stopped being curious; left Mars
Happy turkey day Annabelle, you fox. 
In my house, nobody is home.
Of all choices made, your first.
I'll wait, you decide, soon though.
Closed doors aren't surmountable as distance.
Keeping a chair, come to dinner.
Bought purple tulips, come to dinner.
Shoot first. Ask later. Don't blink.
I woke up in hell, again.
The whole world's going to hell.
Hope is my own everlasting fountain
I was dumb. She left. Regret.
Lucy's head sails thru the uprights
"Sleep well, see you s..."*BOOM*
It's totally free, just pay shipping.
It's all perfectly legal... sign here!
She was bored. So was I.
You think no one loves you
Your wishes are my command dear.
Do you want me to beg?
Thief acquires immortally... Receives life sentence.
I got stones on my neck.
It was immoral, but not illegal.
You Better Shut Up and Listen
Is Thanksgiving legit without a Turkey? 
The funeral will be closed casket.
Drinking is bad, feelings are worse.
Hide and seek champion found dead.
Morning wood. Bladder release. Wet shirt.
Keys jingled. Website closed. Sweating intensified.
I've no heart left to give.
I'll never win. I won't lose!
Tragedy is a lie, an illusion.
[Adjective] [noun] [adverb] [verb] [preposition] [noun].
"The tragedy," she whispered, "is us."
Fuck you you little fucking witch.
Ive never called myself brilliant, asshole.
I'll never see her in heaven.
She took my sleep,then eyes.
Can't let go, Still love her...
No more happy endings for me.
Please let me say goodbye, PLEASE!
My best just wasn't good enough.
I will love you forever, goodbye.
Papers filed, lonely drive, divorce eminent.
Don't wake me up until certain.
I gave my confession under duress.
Im going to try this time
Early morning din. The warrior smiles.
"Son, real cowboys don't use straws".
Please hold my hands tightly, love.
Want to hug you so badly.
Sing Me Lana Del Rey Songs. 
Good fall morning beautiful brown eyes
You found me before I could
My Dreamgirl. My Nightmare. ILY. IH8Y. 
Sale: Polluck imitation, painted with babies.
Just ONE more beer couldn't hurt
Please just remember this one day.
Ok it's posted, check my profile.
"I'm a rebel, so I rebel."
"Stay a little longer with me"
He held her and said stay
Tomorrow: talking to an attorney: options.....
I got a new hobby. Watch.
You Push, I Fall, I'm Back.
Why can't I fucking quit you.
Interrupting the truth doesn't disprove it.
Saw bomb disposal tech running, followed.
I was meant to be alone.
There are too many waking hours.
Trust me, another shot is fine!
fire,kings,gods,weapons,fire,kings,
Everything beautiful, real has an end.
Love Her, Hate Her, Love Her...
More lost loves than forgotten friends.
Only her can enter without knocking.
His face had wrinkles from smiling.
The snow hides everything until March.
"They are real and they're spectacular!"
I chose kindness. I paid dearly.
Starvation in the midst of plenty.
Sorry I FB unfriended you, M.
Didnt even get a screen shot....
Throws heart on ground. Stomps. Grins.
I would wish for her again.
Missing you fucken hurts so bad.
I just wanted to be tracer
I can think logically without emotions.
The patience of love is immeasurable
I know that soon, you're mine.
After that wish, my life changed.
here; smoke this joint with me
Fuck, it is a brain tumor.
Emotionally drained. I've completely shut down.
"I love you, too," she lied.
Unrequited love. The most damaging kind.
bleach in the eyes really hurts.
Religion: Preach autonomy, oppress religious freedom.
Animals love... because you feed them.
Only at peace when it's chaotic
Shell yell his name next time.
Save fetuses! Nevermind the unsightly poor!
I was in love with you.
Ive missed you since August 1
Angelina Jolie cant compete with you
Being with you gets me high
I can only drink through straws.
Germany leads the fight against fascism.
Hello I swear I am JCM.
Real men only smoke the filters.
"Put down that gun and listen!"
Joyful heart, makes a cheerful face. 
I remember why I stopped drinking
I've had over 5 Twin Flames.
definitely should have bought alka seltzer
She's turning into a complete stranger
I dreamed with her last night
Smell of fire..... Im home alone?
I feel it. I love you.
Time amplifies reality. Things have changed
Is JCM a made up character? 
I'm going to sleep overdoing posts
I've never loved anyone as much
I miss you more while drunk
Eating pizza while drunk not bad
Dear Eric, you're a jerk ass.
The DNA test came back negative.
You're female, NOT Male, STOP pretending.
I was terminated, with cause, today.
Biggest churches in the poorest neighborhoods
Second choice? Half measures? Not true.
Thats odd, my chute didnt open.
My head is splitting in 2
She's Coo Coo For Cocoa Puffs. 
Waiting for lights in the park.
Christmas lights already warm my heart.
That wasn't antivenom, it was LSD
I hit 'refresh' too many times...
Gold nail polish and silver sandals.
Shes pushing; shes pulling; hes dizzy
Heart filled with love and garbage
I care for and miss you
She poked experimentally. "Finally! It's" "Bzzt!"
Don't give up on true love
Time is money; domt be bothered
Illness eliminates humans. Earth is okay.
What if this IS hell? Fuck.
I said hello today! Baby steps.
Three years later, she's still gone.
Time stood still as she danced.
He lost everything, but found himself.
Death came swiftly in the night.
I'll Never Stop Loving You, EVER!!!
I'll Never Stop Loving You, EVER!!!
Unbelievable! ghost believed in another ghost.
Okay lady. Love you buh bye.
She's Crazy But I Love Her. 
2 in pink, head in hole.
They baited each other through sixwordstories
Both of them overestimated their memories.
One played games, one humoured them.
Loves me not. Last Petal. Damn. ;)
You're A Fallen Angel Without Wings. 
Truth. You're Still Bat Shit Crazy. 
Truth. You're still Bat Shit Crazy. 
He's still fighting the Civil War.
 BOOM: Dynamite comes in small packages 
Afraid what's there won't be acknowledged
Snow came Gnome transformed into Kobold.
One was willing, one was not.
Your Voice Makes My Heart Smile.
Staying optimistic things will work out
No questions..No Comments..The End
They both had fear of vulnerability.
There's no indifference on my part.
Forgot how the total indifference feels.
Cold indifference, stark reminder, message delivered.
Photographing her sleeping when they crashed.
No apologies please, pain speaks loudly
It is not apathy or indifference.
Would rather have tears than apathy.
Have to go away for awhile
You make indifference look so easy.
Consistent indifference is completely soul crushing.
These feelins aren't changing pretty lady
I know he doesn't love you. 
Ill drink your poison. Bottoms up.
Weather in their favor; Kokura's safe
Night train riders make eye contact.
Just like that. Everything is ok?
"Actually, all humans go to hell."
I will drown before you do
Wish It Was Snowing In Cali.
Wish It Was Snowing In California.
Intergalactic war finally brought world peace.
"Oh, bother!" said Pooh, while reloading.
How to microwave 25 pound turkey
Breath in, breath out, I'm here
"Last words?" "Well, Prince, so--" BANG!
Waiting on the shore, I'm sinking.
You took my happiness from me.
Im fourteen, and this is deep.
Running wildly together in my dreams
Trees strained by heavy ice crystals.
Snow in November in New York...
Woman: Is that a camera hidden  
I meant it. Youre worth it.
I meant it; Youre worth it.
Im doing it. Im leaving soon.
Youre worth it; I meant it.
True love never ends over hate
I know your husband hates you. 
Go she said, he walked away
I'm alive, but I'm not living.
Finding peace without answers is Agonizing!
Always knew you were carpet munching. 
He is light in the loafers.
I loved you, you lied, goodbye.
Chasing himself; an amnesiac con artist.
Yesterday was better. Today is quiet.
Like that. The was no more.
I knew you went both ways. 
You're angry because I didn't lie.
Victimize yourself. I watch you suffer.
You know, I know, she knows.
No care, no softness, no worries.
But they put kids in cages...
I deleted every picture of you
Last call, cider slushies with me.
Love is war. Do you surrender?
The new me isn't the same
He didn't realize I loved him.
She left me on read today
Frozen tears take forever to melt.
You Legit Suffer From Psychiatric Disorders.
It's 4am. Don't hang up, please.
Grandmaster examines board. Success unlikely. Knightmare.
Sometimes, he thought about not masturbating.
I knew you were unhappily married.
Think of you, fall in love
Today, the day of no return.
I knew you were a lesbian.
Chicken Noodle Soup: For The Cumslut
I tried. I failed. I'm sorry.
Chased by two shadows in daylight.
For sale: baby shoes, feet included.
...die, Grandpa? Like Mom and Dad?
Purple tulip smuggler arrested in netherland .
they were out of purple tulips
I should've sent you purple tulips.
You could've sent me purple tulips.
I needed to protect my wife, officer.
She was ugly; He was too.
Facts vs feelings, facts never change.
Tragedy has struck, Alexa play Despacito
Beginning to think; Im truly fucked.
I can't remember my dad's face.
My realtors never owned a home.
His hair can't take the rain.
Out of Reddit, Out of Mind
Remember, the safe word is "floccinaucinihilipilification."
Recovery isn't immediate. It takes time.
Registration prohibited. Humanity undetected. Termination initiated.
"...What we do today matters most."
I TOLD THE CRAZY BITCH, GOODBYE!
We fled. Sirens and bombing began.
FB tells me another one died.
The heart wants what it wants.
I don't care if she's married.
Today, I fucked up. Tomorrow? Same.
All Hope lost, Say your prayers.
My word, I finally found it!
"I think therefore I know" - anonymous
Please dont spank me hard tonight
Goodbye with reasons didn't hurt less.
Thus, being and non-being produce eachother.
After world war, Antarctica named capital
I'm still in love with you.
Today, Stan Lee flew heavenward. Excelsior!
Downtrodden man reevaluates life, finds talent
"It's YOUR fault" screamed the psychopath.
I thought, why. Then, I did.
Always wondering what's on your mind
Farewell Stan, my good friend - Excelsior!
Overwhelmed, send cuddles and bear hugs.
Knock, knock. Whos there? Just me.
Raked leaves, hidden rocks, emergency room
I wish I never met you...
Early for work tomorrow. Veterans Day.
Masters, Honours, Valedictorian. inexperienced. Job please.
Many will enter, few will win.
Youre here, but I miss you.
Whenever it happens, Im still here
Weed, alcohol? Good times? Bad times?
Two cozy lovers sleep bundled up.
Light it up, kick it back.
I dont recognize my reflection anymore.
He didn't believe "I love you".
How much? If she only knew.
Nothings the same, since you left
I loved, I lost, I lingered.
TITANIC II: JACK'S VENGEANCE - December 2020
Diet a failure, haircuts much easier.
Please just say I fucked up
More interest in turning mind off.
After seeing humanity, God killed himself.
Food order always gets messed up
Her grimace decayed. Now, she grins.
The one...that I cant forget
Gone as of yesterday. Already forgotten.
I care for you silly goose
Here With Me: Thinking Of Me
FYI: You were NOT worth it!!! 
Not Again: My Cum Covered Polo
"Still waiting for that Wall..." - Republicans
The Heart Isn't Just A Muscle. 
Remember Finite Reality? I miss that.
The gauntlet fell, dust scattering. "Tomorrow?"
"It was inevitable!" "...so was this."
The embers glowed, but never blazed.
Unfortunately, his father's shoes fit him.
"Really, the dust fell from me."
I'm not sure how to proceed.
(I only upvote six word comments)
Where were you when ambition died?
I loved him, he loved her
Its always been you my love.
"Our God is better than theirs."
Its timeless. Its always been you.
Stop wasting time on little words
I always turn on the lights.
[META] Subreddit changed; stories into sentences.
My favorite hello and hardest goodbye.
She was poison, i drank anyway.
Closed the door without a goodbye
Cold feet, send warmth and whiskey.
Nothing was above the fur collar.
The murder weapon was an icicle.
Ugh!!! I'm banned from Unsent Letters!!!
Don't ignore the beauty in humanity
SHE makes me happy, YOU don't. 
Youve been wiping your ass wrong.
Hemmingway's baby; big feet - still alive.
"Terminally ill; Cats/Dogs" - all adopted.
Terminally ill; Cats/Dogs - All Adopted.
Fun weekend trip; wishing its you.
Alarm clock; replaced with doggie kisses.
Feeling is same,girls are changing.
Nothingsmore painful than past tense
It leads to an early grave.
I  wish  I  never  met  her!!!
Six futures exist here. Choose yours.
I wished youd pick me instead.
Some days are just about surviving.
Somedays youre statue, .... Somedays youre pigeon  ....
Somedays your statue........ Somedays your pigeon 
Somedays your statue , somedays the pigeon....
I don't feel the same anymore.
Bacteria party condemns "Big Pharma agenda"
Love her but leave her wild
You, me; Hampton Inn. You wanna?
It's only a matter of time.
Job searching is easiest when working.
You're NOT the one, SHE is...
Burn your name into my brain
Another week, half-mast. Leaders, still silent.
She's good at hurting me
The statue moved, I swear it!
Shouldnt be thinking about you, 2:47
Starboard! Tentacles weaved through the portholes.
The job's cool, until the people.
Buried my heart, deep in secrecy
A sinner repents, a light descends.
I was unarmed. They didn't care.
MetalHater collects index and little fingers.
Screams for help, hears echo laughing.
"Please help me, I'm rotting away."
We must celebrate! Drinks all around!
Darling, please stay...by my...side....
Im a ghost stuck in yesterdays
Every days been so painful recently.
In the same painful place again
Still I long for her touch.
I wonder what this button does...
"Hello", she said, with palpable fear
Why you say sweet words to me
Poopinn Swippin - same time , same hand.
Live by inner knowledge and strength 
Ordered new bike, didn't tell husband......
You have All of my heart
Ordered road/gravel bike didnt tell husband......
I was unarmed. They didn't care.
In his mind, he is sane.
Your note to me; friends forever.
Today I realized, hes a prick !!!!
The French eat pain as bread.
My damn ring won't come off.
Irradiated mailman: Acid rain or shine.
Colorful balloon animals make me happy. 
Better subreddit idea: punctuation, not sentences.
He asked her. She said no.
Im crazy about you too baby.
"IT'S HOLY WATER? NO!" - Ted Cruz
Boring man is a boring man
"He's tied up at the moment."
Cognitive erection, Public election, Pubic affection
Just sucks.... I really loved ya.
Most leaps faith preceded by: shove
Husband went to talk to lawyer....
I won't die alone - just lonely.
Looking forward to meet him today..
She Is My Legit Twin Flame 
Were friends hanging out, right? Wrong.
Friends hanging out right? Wrong.
Friends hanging out right? Wrong.
Friends hanging out right? Wrong. 
Magnet got stuck on my forehead.
The little things mean the most.
..."NO! THE TIME LOOP REPEATS!"...
Stop the bleeding, of my heart. 
"Wanna go out with me?" "No."
... a time loop. Got caught in...
We can't. I got over you.
wonder how he got so boring?
I even miss her morning breathe.
Anyone can listen, very few HEAR 
He's old and weak, not cowardly.
I miss eating pizza with her
It actually wasnt just a fart
Sir, you disabled "abort launch" option
Son, this year Santa got tanned.
Quit playing games with my heart
Wanting to talk. I'll be patient.
Wanting to talk. I'll be patient.
Back in time, Marty changes history.
There's a killer in our midst.
I turned. He smiled. We hugged.
Her smile enchanting, I was trapped.
Space explorers almost always came home.
Remove your ego. What has left?
Remove your ego, what has left?
Remove your ego, what is left?
Love yourself before you love another.
This sub is full of heartbreak
Playgirls Daddy Issue causes annual reproductions.
Do you feel a pull? Do you?
Careful, she says, I can bite.
Grabbed the door, shoved it close.
I knelt, she gasped, sprinter's start.
Final goodbye to wife in dream.
Blank slate, I miss you friend
Forgot about DST, date still no-showed.
Will you ever fight for me?
We will always love from afar.
Well never put our pride aside.
Youll never fight for me, ever?
Finding your soul in a crowd
Told husband today Im leaving marriage
A misplaced word can last forever.
Rather be travelling with you instead
Didn't read the article. Commented anyway.
Two dead, one injured, one orphan.
Devil responds when God isn't there.
Were you bitten? *sigh*.. *loads shotgun*
Seen tinder profile...my heart dropped.
Won "the lottery". Great. Rocks incoming!
Courage requires heart soul and desire
She was pregnant, now she's not.
*whiiiiirr* "See? Old PCs had cupholders!"
Thank god. I no have number.
Wishing I could steal a TARDIS...
Gonna be real with you, chief
I woke, satisfied to live miserably.
Adults take handfuls, kids show restraint.
Oh my god, what the fu(k
Facebook  we value your privacy/data.
Starry nights in Paris with her
I love you Anna. Whos Anna?
"Flu shots controlled by the government?"
Every dream is better than reality.
"Hang in there!" Said the executioner
This is written by an intern
April, May, June, Juillet, Augustine, Stephanie.
I dont like to eat vegetables.
All twelve personalities held an intervention
Flower does not dream of bee 
Sex,drugs,rock and roll,chaos.
Turns out I wasn't being gas-lighted.
How are you doing today? Okay...
You're the sun to my moon
Are you ok ? Worried about you
Theremin for sale, never been touched.
It reminded me of you now :-)
The universe is laughing at me.
"You'll be fine.", they all said.
"Your silly ritual worked", it said.
Wife found out she likes deepthroating.
~~April~~, May, June, Julie, Augustine, Stephanie,
April, May, June, Julie, Augustine, Stephanie,
I didnt think it was goodbye.
Not your lies, my believing them.
About to go take this L
His November melancholy ended with April.
Carry big stick, have small dick
Regardless, you are going to die
Wife found out she likes deephroating
I want to call you I begged
We both knew.... This is how.
Knife fight Friday, gun fight Saturday.
Could I ever be your everything?
Its just a game, trust me.
Are you doing it all again ?
I saw what you did there
She never said his name again.
In the end.... Love is everything.
Be yourself, take off the mask.
Take off the fear, wear love.
Fill yourself with love, not fear.
Be nude in a naked crowd.
She singing the rainy day blues
He has fallen off the wagon.
You really take that many pills?
He changed her password to cheater.
I did ten times, its your turn now!
Suicidal prince accidentally orders "bear bodkin."
Rejection hurts worse the second time.
"Close enough," said the lazy Roman.
Slowly wasting away. It's called life.
You manipulative son of a bitch.
Missing her so much it hurts
Took the scenic route to suicide.
He sends snaps which stay unopened.
Ill take a chance on us.
Doe a deer, a female deer
Releasing the ego is releasing yourself.
Connect to the universe, not WiFi.
Forget dramas, look at the stars.
Listen to the universe, it knows.
Open your heart to save another's.
Lance doesnt want let me go.
Taking acid on Halloween sounds fun.
Bringing the past bothers you..sorry
Just wishing you a Happy Halloween
Cellphone keeps ringing in bloody hands.
You weren't. But now you are.
Elsie moved on to greener pastures.
I want to stop loving you.
Who cares. Run away with me.
Wedding cancelled. Fiance was a prostitute.
-Why are the lights out ? ... Honey ?
"Wedding cancelled. Fiance was an prostitute."
I am tired, so very tired.
Home network found; unable to connect.
Happy year anniversary!  To crying everyday.
Defendant winks at judge. "Case dismissed!"
Your Honor, objection to response "giggity"
He was never mine to lose.
Unarmed man confuses gun range owner.
Sometimes, silence speaks louder than words
"Happy birthday!" my reflection told me.
Please give my dose of Med
Lonely bartender, listening to lonelier stories.
I made her my forever home.
Shamefaced, I prayed "science, save me!"
She couchsurfed into my bed..oops
Halloween Costume - terrible cover for blackface.
I can never be as good..
Excuses, not accomplishments, defined her existence.
Its too late, time for goodbye.
I hope that was just you
Happy Birthday according to mylife profile.
I feel that I'm losing you
My Father:Human,Mother:AI,Divorced.
I held you once. The end.
She shaked, he poured, she steadied.
"wish I could eat your cancer."
I love all that is you
My intuition has been telling me....
"Bobbing for cyanide " detective half-lIghs "Bobbing for cyanide " detective half-laughs
Half-carved pumpkin dusted for fingerprints
They walk on the wild side.
I am sending the letter now. 
Date cancelled! She read his stories.
I lost my mind, once.... twice.
I refused to believe it's over.
First, he could not accept it.
I saw the lights and knew.
The preacher hijacked my mom's funeral.
Don't fall in love, build it.
Boo! Ahhh! Bang! Somebody please help!
Indulged for inspiration - quit for implementation.
Married, day after he was buried
You just made my heart soar.
Marry him, sherry him, bury him.
I am still waiting for someone..
I wont break your heart. Promise. 
Oh to love the world again
Loyalty made a fool of me
Stranger crying on my wife's grave.
Will you still share your Cake ?
Get your shit to get her
Oh, shes got it planned now.
Lights rushing towards me. Last breath.
I wanted to die that day..
Stumbling up a lugubrious turbulent mountain
The more you meditate...... the......... better.................
Vipassana makes you high without drugs.
I sneezed. Mona Lisa's eye twitched.
She woke up again, today. Shame.
Months later, Dad cries each 27th.
Honey, Ill love you till I
I am for real, are you?
"You murdered Mickey!" "Employees only, kiddo."
"You murdered Mickey!" " Employees only, kiddo."
Forgetting Mom's death with a belt
He's rolling over in his grave.
Always wanna cummm? Never wanna leave
One paper and our relationship's over.
Water level reaches nostrils...finally bubbles!
Silence deafens hearts on lonely nights
"Nice costume!" "...Costume?" &lt;&lt;Screaming&gt;&gt; "...Oh! Thanks!"
- never worn." Impressed, "here's your ten..."
The longing is taking its toll.
Narratives and metaphors create this world
Wasnt lost till you found me.
Scream loudly over me talking
I'm useless, but not for long
Give me one reason to stay
Learning to love myself more everyday
Hopefully terminal velocity is actually terminal.
After that night, they shuffled priests.
Hours in warp: decades on Earth.
Sorry, I broke my own heart.
You are your own worst enemy
Broken pieces of a shattered mind
Boo! Did I scare you away?
We need emergency assistance immediately :
Spent the night alone... you didn't..
"Crap. I left the oven on..."
In the cemetery, the ghosts sang.
"I wonder which one she's fucking."
Meant for stars, settled on demons
Gloves, swollen hands, disservice and injustice.
Were fucking. Talk dirty to me .
Sexy Exotic Halloween Costumes: "Earth Human"
Snowflake's t-shirt read: "Fuck your feelings!"
Angelic face. He was the devil.
You ruined all my favourite songs.
Engaged! Congratulations! Now go fuck yourself.
I just really fucking like(d) you.
Fuck me...forgot email for netflix.
Raw chapped ass: wheres chamois butter????
The best liars are honest people.
Even her shadow left at night.
Lost: Wife, House. Gained: Happiness, Peace.
Eats shoots and leaves - Eats, shoots, and leaves
I'm sorry, I love me more
Two steps forward, many steps back
She looked down upon her body.
You were here, now your gone
Halloween temporarily liberates the genetically challenged.
"Users with your interests purchased: rope."
Kissing ya homies goodnight ain't gay
Sweetie, you're just not that pretty
After all I did for you?
No refunds on my heart, sorry...
Last man alive is in jail.
Wanted you as my safe space.
Did you watch me dance too?
Where is soda? I need it.
Sudden hunger for you quaintly driven
Echoed dreams of forever beings painted
Learning to accept this beautiful reality
Being human is no longer optional.
I was a fool for you.
One day I'll catch his eye
My ear I hear, ....Blue Label....
Thanks for reminding me to unsubscribe.
Never killed anyone until I jumped.
TSA: pills under suspicion... "anti... diarrhea..."
Who can teach me interpretive dancing :-) ?
Bring me to my knees love
Boo! I bite! Mmmm your neck.
Boo! I bite. Mmm your neck.
Run to it, it runs away.
Missing the fights more than anything..
Attempted suicide: Depressed clown - balloon noose.
Singapores history: British, Japanese, Malaysian, Singaporean.
Is this Meta? Is it reality?
Finally, a little peace and- CRASH!!
Empathy levels: [insufficient] for immortality. Exterminate? ___
This sub is just sentences now.
Gloomy weather, faint light, empty heart.
I can't wait to see you.
FUCK, I Did Forget Your Birthday.
Back from war on his back.
Waste of my life, our friendship
Shortcut shorter than a straight line.
Shortcut shorter than a straight line.
Shortcut shorter than a straight line.
Shortcut shorter than a straight line.
Honestly never meant to hurt you.
Finally, I'm ready to move on
Her sunglasses help hide her soul.
You don't trust me or yourself
Run rabbit run...I'm done chasing.
No communication between us...giving up.
Cinnamon apples, flaky crust, ala mode.
They have someone; he has nobody
World of Warcraft, gnome hunter, huh.
Christmas tree farm, happy people, snow.
Christmas tree farm, happy people and snow.
Yep, that person is definitely crazy...
Interpretation is not easy for me..
We don't take kindly round here.
We don't take kindly to pandabears.
Eventually, nothing here will be original.
The reddit app really fucking sucks
Top Story: auto-pay hid foul play.
I might know what you want
"They're not like us, they walk."
Rainy day, hot chocolate and snuggles
Hold me as we die together.
"Ah, now the stalker becomes stalked. "
Zoo elephant never sober, always forgets.
"Son, I am leaving your mother."
He said he felt so lost
His results consistently confirmed Murphy's Law
I feel spaced out and sad.
JCM stands for Julz CoffeeCakes Midget.
I'm sorry, I'm of no use.
Profile says married, is it lying?
No forward movement? You hate me?
"Stop!" "No!" "BLAM." "I feel cold."
I will never get over you
Children don't belong in the Northlands.
"Your love fades from my memory."
You feel lonely yet you cheat.
Otherwise it would have been perfect.
bGIWMW119``` , z!*U`9 dkd9a*** mx (@@@Jmka ,,.O,,&lt;&lt;
Princessresurrection is very, very fucking crazy
I love six word story games.
Someday you'll regret all of this.
I want to call you lady
"Aliens, sir. We are being invaded."
Khadsi , mt-Makks, jofrey Maybeline nori-ta-ta lilq.
For Sale: Baby shoes, not used.
Apple orchards, cinnamon, hiking with dogs.
Lauded a hero; still, she wept.
You know why I'm doing this.
Insults..Ignore..Respond..Rudeness..Offending Words.
Some see thorns, others see roses....
A I hate you for today
Piercing blue eyes stab my heart
Who is touching my phantom limb?
Superpower - reading people. Price - happy childhood.
Saying Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious is just showing off.
I always downvote six word stories.
She booked a round trip: alone
Feeling numb doesn't mean no pain.
Those who think they know, dont.
Fireplace, wine, feet in your lap.
Hey there ..pretty thang ...whistle away
Heart beats ...heated sheets... come here
She fell out of love suddenly
Right key opens the wrong door.
Right key opens rhe wrong door.
"Good morning beautiful world. Fuck you!"
Vote Democrat before it's too late....
Inside the telegraph was endless STOP
Please dont leave me in Paris
If no ones here, who screamed?
Need some rainy day couch cuddles.
Water. One hell of a drug.
Donuts has a really bad memory.
Donuts ended up being wrong twice.
Thank You, Come Again....Naughty Donuts.
Success: renouncing desire and choosing passion
You try and fuck on me?
Donuts misspelled, should be go nuts.
Donuts? But why you nuts doh?
Uh Oh, Donuts don't like me.
With or without you, I'm okay.
You judge people, you judge yourself.
Mortician found dead in alleyway dumpster.
When Im bored, six word stories.
Shall not return tonight, my love.
"Humans taste salty" said the cannibal.
Just be, nothing else is needed.
Grow up with a child spirit.
Only silence can speak for yourself.
Midnight, flashing lights, car parts everywhere
Look within you to find yourself.
Leave your ego behind before entering.
Five alive, five when, four genderfluid.
I was a fool all along
12 hoagies to fucking go baby
How do we move forward now?
Each day passes onward towards reckoning
Nearing death due to common cold?!
Soul search party is called off.
Cemetery buries more secrets than people.
"There's two bullets. Let's just share."
Do you see what I see?
Even while starving, the vegan refused.
"Jesus Jack, you blind? Marry her."
Friends hanging out right? Heart breaks...
Friends hanging out right? Heart breaks....
Swipe. Silence. Message. Silence. Time wasted.
Without it, it may, is it.
"One last drink" "Of what?" "water"
Zipped up. She couldnt stop laughing.
Falling out of love became contagious.
Six alive... Seven breathing... Send help.
You know Im a mess, darling.
"A room full of outgoing introverts."
Eres el amor de mi vida
She didn't wear her wedding ring.
Ted talked, but did Ted listen?
Gallop away into the blue sky
She don't believe He's coming back.
Got fucked. Dick sucked. Cat stuck.
Google maps is launching live mode
Her heart skipped in a bad way.
I'm glad you finally walked away
Do you feel the worlds brokenness?
I miss you, so damn much.
Rainy days, remind me of you
"They're comfy and I'm wearing them!"
Mediocre as fuck. Learn some humility.
Not in person, in dreams then.
I thought God would be forgiving.
One of the guys? Slut shame.
Julz Got Me Banned...Shame Shame.
Sweet food fills the boring days.
Yall nibbas probably eat beans, lmao.
I have lived longer than this
Cursive writing will require Rosetta stone
The road's long and time's short.
Flowers were dead for a while.
Talking is overrated, just hold me.
There was a bang. I slept.
Really want an apple cider slushie.
They Challenged. He Accepted. "For sale:
Deal signed in blood. Death postponed.
"Left?" "Yeah. No, the other left..."
"Don't touch that! I SAID"
Revived old phone - 500 unread messages.
Please do me one last favor.
The demons danced in his eyes
The star moved strangely, and fast.
"No. My daughter shall NOT date."
"I JUST took off my pants."
"No, fuck off. I'm normal too."
"It's easy, you only use six -
7 feet outside - 7.1 feet inside.
First alien contact -A/S/L? Send nudes.
First contact: "Hush, They'll hear you"
"Kill that dragon!" - "how?" - "Your sword!"
The list of guests slowly burned.
10/19/18
There's a monster on the loose.
Sorry again..What do you want ?
"Deus non est," replied the possessed.
Your scent lingers, my heart breaks.
Your scent lingers. My heart breaks.
Baby shark do do do do
"Mother In Law doesn't want abortion."
10,000 steps... But I was asleep?
Me: sleep time! Brain: lol, no.
School shooting casualties by friendly fire
Autopsy; Seltzer lung, joy-buzzer electrocution
She is losing her beautiful hair.
She was the wild thing I loved
It's the most wonderful death ever.
It's the most wonder death ever.
"I got an abortion" she lied.
I tried. I hoped. I failed.
"Don't go into the life". "Nah" - 2018
Her friends kept attending his parties.
My only safety pin.....is you.
The only safety pin is you.
I never do anything right.
Old things break easily, my child.
I can never finish what I
Hoping you still care. Deceiving myself.
Jefferey Dahmer and his Chocolate Factory
What is another word for desperate?
He fondled her with her permission.
But its better than drinking alone
These 6 word stories are terrible!
I absolutely, positively, absotively love you
It doesnt make me smile anymore.
The thrill of living is gone
The last man asks, Whos there?
Remember when we fell in love?
"Go easy, I'm new at this."
I said no more games...Goodbye.
It was fast..
Yes Dracula, vampires can contract STIs.
Come back from the evil side.
The orange man called her horseface.
It is all messed up here without you :-)
One week without anti-histamines, allergic mess
Everything is burning but I'm warm.
His final cut. No more pain.
You're perfect even with your flaws.
Pikachu:  No batteries for the vibrators..
The rolling beetles are gratefully dead.
Blind person blinds himself after surgery.
Noah: Shit! That mammoth is gay...
P... She types in his browser.
Theres no god, said depressed God.
Nothing is fine but it's okay.
I'm not ok, can you tell?
You asked me to be yours.
His hand in mine, so small.
Suicide - my life divided by zero.
"I can stay another day"
Unsurprisingly, you never called me back.
Brb. Last login 5 years ago .
Cant help but smile about today.
My hero cried into my chest.
Please don't leave me again..
Mind Game Again ?
I dont want to spend Christmas.....
Surprise, paradise is cold as ice!
One step forward two steps backwards
He was murdered by those words.
Whatever is troubling you, will pass.
Noah mammouth diagonsed with erectile dysfunction.
Tinder, Yelp, Uber, Netflix, WebMD, Ikea.
Romance. Wedding plans. Escape plans. Mariticide.
Dumping things into oceans never works.
Into the dragons den, unarmed, unafraid.
Dad left to beat another woman.
"Where don't you feel comfortable?" "Earth."
Lump it's Trump, we gonna talk?
For sale, baby! Shoes: never worn!
Runners high/Alcoholics low - Perfectly balanced.
Kanye West: the real Citizen Kane
Everyone after her just fell short
Called her. It only rang once.
Ready to help anyone but myself
Never did I expect anything more.
That was a pretty terrible weekend!
Don't make yourself an easy target
I like cheese. I like cheese!!!!
Don't make yourself and easy target
She grew tired of trying/ loving .......
This is really the last time.
"Where did all the time go?"
Sobbing at cemetery, not for buried.
Doesn't remember me; won't snuggle anymore.
Why do you always look sad?
Remember: It always ends in tears.
No Father, YOU'RE here to confess.
Why cant I let you go?
When I held you, everything changed.
Fuck fairytales. This is love too.
I love him, no matter what
I Have Six Words For You.
Steal anything else you need, please
Suicide booth malfunctions; renewed life perspective.
Space not final frontier - it's reddit.
Post Millenials are killing soylent toast.
Two alarms: ready coffee - activate sentries.
Learned ASL. "Hi!" "I'm not interested."
Still haven't met someone like you.
Lovely lady lumps looking for trump
No one said you had to.
Commute home; boring - lovely with her.
"Some things... you just can't un-see."
How about no death related stories?
He's more machine, now, than man.
Scientists stare, horrified. I gaze back.
Love Letter. Suicide Note. Same Paper.
Catch me if you can. Please.
Feed my vertigo or let go!
Beer: Too hungover to adult today.
The sky cries, as do I.
It did rain at my funeral.
She arrived home barely alive. Shame.
American Presidents Used to Mean Something
She finally changed her Netflix password.
"That woman's caterwauling could break glass!"
Let me see my damn kids.
What they planted their eyes upon
Nobody can hear you. Nobody cares.
Don't tell me this isn't Heaven
She was Ginger, I wanted Maryanne.
I can still smell your perfume.
I'm not perfect, I'm just me...
Dreams, further apart from my reality.
If it's good, I'll buy it.
Because I cant write longer ones.
I bless the rains in Africa
Does curzon mean anything to you?
Everything reminds me of you now
It's too late, but I've changed.
I wasnt ready to be alone.
Insomnia makes me not to sleep
I dont deserve love like you.
Wanted: Someone to help protect mommy.
Somedays are harder than others. Breath.
"I caught skyfish!" "Feathery or leathery?"
HE sees each tear that falls 
Did She say something wrong, hello?
Looking for her trump, done apologizing
Still stuck in this frozen nightmare
She doesnt know what he drives
Why did he run outof......coffee,
what this please anymore help is
Swipe, match, fuck, fade, rinse, repeat
She didnt know where find him
Close Reddit. Open Reddit. Close Reddit.
I guess I kind of believe
Mommy said it's our little secret.
Half-brothers, also cousins, sworn enemies.
Waking and still reaching for you.
She is running with the devil.
"I'm still here, but you're gone."
Eating vitaminC gummies from the bottle
"A monster bloomed from her departure."
Why use lot word when few
"Fag", he scoffed, fixing his lipstick.
The graveyard received a new tenant.
"It's vegan," he hissed to Eve.
Woke up. Should've taken more pills.
"God no. Bill's just a friend..."
You are not like the others...
Meeting you? Luck. Leaving you? Regret.
The autism vaccine seems to work.
Fate, destiny .....always find a way
Chittering Drizzle loved Thunder's rumbling purrs.
I wish you would tell me.
Not much of a story, eh?
Quick to the point, shes deadly.
We were sick together, last time.
The catfish's ghost followed the submarine.
Old love. Familiar face. Broken Heart.
Unsubscribed from r/teenagers. Subscribed to r/personalfinance.
The placard read: SOCIETY IS DEAD
Anything slips on the mind tree.
"Celebrity murders, $200" "Trebeck" "Who's Me?"
Cant get you outta my mind
You are more than perfect, somehow.
She's a memory I can't escape.
"Hey! Watch out for that...truck..."
Machine learning might be the beginning
So, tonight? Your dreams or mine?
You. It was always about you.
Text me, hearts burst into fire 
364 days until Christmas ! Shop now !!
I pray she never finds out.
Trump dumped lumps big dumb boobs
"You've earned my disdain and disappointment."
My head was not her home.
The flight is free - parachutes extra.
Too tired for six words.
It was my pleasure, Lucifer. Truly.
You might want to stop that.
Worries, while invented are not invalid.
Piano wire solo has no encore
She couldnt finish the season finale
No No vegetarian's fine (slits wrists)
Dad explains her bruises as coincidence.
Stay away and stop all communication.
Heart vacancy: so far beyond empty.
She kissed me sweetly into oblivion.
She faltered. He waited. She faded.
Meemaw will never finish that quilt.
Red, white and blue? Think Russia.
Safety + Skincare = Inner &amp; Outer Beauty
Made the life that ended hers.
You won, go ahead tell them
Truly being loved, starts with honesty.
I used to go to church.
Wheres my pills? He asked drunkenly
My baby has my stepdads eyes.
He loved cutting, more than life
I will believe I will fight
Tongues; doubleedge swords words cannot withdrawal....
Im so close to giving up...
Mascara stains fade. Pain does not.
Such a shame, she arrived early.
Paralyzed people can get shivers too
All I ever wanted was... everything.
Female. 22. Bleeding internally. Can't fix.
No
Most of her personalities hate me.
I want to leave this world.
I've tried filling this with Jgermeister.
I tried filling this with Jgermeister.
I'm gonna drink myself to death.
Alien message: QUIET, THEY'LL HEAR YOU
Whisky and a bottle of vodka.
Don't mislead intentionally. That's just wrong.
Less teeth next time. Okay dad.
His boots heavy, body worn down.
Tears, coursing. Makeup, smeared. "Don't tell..."
Paramedics finished her text: "... am sorry."
I wish you are still alive
First light. Rifles, leveled. "No blindfold."
His boots heavy, his body worn down.
Marriage counseling ended in divorce... Cheater!
Praying, pleading. The guns yet roared.
She didnt know, where here is?
Bloated bodies fall. Fresh ropes, hoisted.
Sorry for hurtful words I said...
I lack patience, but have faith
"I asked her on a date".
Despite their differences, they were crazy.....
Aesopstale210 realize I'm not your aggy.
He says never visit me again.
She asked him not to text.
Did you call him, last year?
Damage done too far to repair
We're Almost There, You Feel It?
His death sentence was living life.
2089 Nobel prizes - Robosexuality/ Super-powers/ Love.
52nd Amendment - Robots treated with sentience.
Memories of you convert to tears
Frozen blood, molten gold, that's normalcy.
A future without you is heartbreaking.
Happy Birthday! You would be six.
World going to hell. Vote! VOTE!!
How do I meet you halfway?
Her skin looks good on me
I now relate to this song.
I want to if its you
Should have listened, to stay away
CRASH Why isnt dad home yet?
Lump and Trump, We'll Work Out.
Trump XIV raises bounty on criticizers.
College - Where dreams are just that.
New earth. Fresh Start. Same humans.
This is the part shes put off
Hey Google, can you abort herpes?
I had grown used to it.
Over beers, Brett laughed, "Me too."
Best friend engaged. I feel divorced.
Insurance fraud. Saved valuables except dog.
I was wrong. Its wishful thinking
Love wasted. Heart wrenching. Soul crushing.
Heart wrenching, soul crushing...love wasted.
Can I kiss you? Just once?
Heart-wrenching. To love from afar.
She's having a date. I'm not.
Cracked faade of kindness; bile within.
He's with me like a shadow.
Nope, not working. Love you, later.
Your always in my head ; heart.
Lost the game, won her heart.
Mutant dolphins gangbang a pool noodle.
Insomniac misses girl of his dreams.
Blue eyes, once blinking, never again
Why didnt we fight for us?
Sick of be-in this Donnie Downer
Did you sniff hoping for peaches?
1 flame, 1 lame, you're lame.
Statue to beloved Youtuber vandalized again.
Wake up crying. Fall asleep crying.
Sweet dreams are better than nightmares
Sweet dream are better than nightmares
Dreamt of you and cherry blossoms
I closed my eyes. It's over.
A complex road to self-assurance
She, a winner, that he lost.
We danced in the pale moonlight.
The sign said: WHITE PEOPLE ONLY!
Ive hoarded every picture of you
Those feelings are beginning to fade.
Cant have a rose without thorns.
Too many coincidences? MMM I ponder?
My god, you are killing me.
The pizza was made too hot
She's the one that got away.
Again, really?... Really?... Again?...Again?...lol
I just lost another "friend" today.
Come back. I'll be good, Ma.
I am always so fucking tired
"How many roommates do you have?"
Once you said you adore me.....
Its time to say goodbye, peace 
Crib snugglin with my baby girl.
But, with you, I felt seen.
I lost a superhero I loved.
We are living on borrowed time.
My wife cant stop watching BangBrothers
four pails: maybe blue, forever torn.
One sentence makes things right again.
Woke in pain. Won't wake again.
I swim where our bridge burned.
Procrastination leading to disappointment. Rinse, repeat.
NEVER GOING TO GIVE YOU UP ( YOUR BIGGEST LIE)
Wedding dress for sale, never worn.
Hey there, yes you, baby blue...
All Your Bass Belong To Us
She can say your name properly
Fires stoked.Dogs singing. Godspeak imminent.
I recognize most of her faces.
Feel my love, pain, and desire.
Oct 3, Today I wore pink
Forest fire in next year's desert.
My bright star, will we collide?
"Mental health cost me my freedom"
To breath each breath in gasping
Terminal agitation, Slowly losing yourself... death.
He tried to justify himself... rejection.
If Dans dead, whos that upstairs?
ProjectSubmission - FINAL - Version 9.pdf
The arrow burns in my heart
"You better seek a second opinion."
Most of our suffering is imaginary
Another shot, heard round the world.
Never thought id live this long.
Check my email. I love you.
Tsk, Tsk, Naughty Little Gomoll. Lol
Not working you dorky little goth.
That is absolutely fucking hilarious lol.
So I guess this is it.
Procrastinating on reading procrastination help guide
Im not dead. Am I stronger?
The evidence grows on my skin
I wish I could forget you
He's only a wallet to her.
So dumb: submits to his whims.
Your words, make or break me.
"We're finally alone, just us two."
It will be all over today.
The ring she wears, isn't mine.
Why am I going bald mom?
She reread his text and cried.
He retyped goodbye over and over.
Clear... one, two three... push... awake!
Nothing. It was nothing. Was it?
I should have never let go
They counted me among the dead.
Instructions unclear, dick stuck in fan
"Dick's chapped; ran out of lotion."
Howards trazadone brings me hope
Humiliating spine injury brings Kevin hope
Life is much different whilst drunk
"Tell his wife I love her."
My Dog Wants To Hump Me
Little girls get broken hearts too.
Little girls have broken hearts too.
He never learned to count.
Sobriety in the form of prescriptions
You are a very saucy boy.
Everything is falling apart, including me.
I crumble completely when you cry
Spilt my half-full cup of optimism
I Am Scared, Beyond Measure Today!
New month. New tech. Nothing better.
Just going to be rude today?
He partied, she was home alone.
Damn, Why did I say that?
Summoned up my courage. She recoiled.
I still keep dreaming about you
Hard Bacon: Ms. Dennis a memoir
Those eyes. Damn those baby blues.
Goodbye my love. In another life.
"How long was I out for?"
Chained to a prison without walls.
He took himself, before cancer could.
The Pooper Man lives in India.
What are friends? Are they real
Liberated, he walked out... and tripped.
Dude, seriously? Seriously dude. Dude. Seriously.
Who wants to order me Dennys?
Fuck, I fell in love. Again.
Sixteen years... No more years...
Three...Two...One... And that's it...
Don't blame me for your emotions
Not my monkeys, not my circus.
Now you are in timeout Rumpleshortshit.
Toto we're not in Kansas anymore
Not going to work, silly goth.
The difference is that I cared.
Glass houses demolished, twisted cursed hands.
Rainy lazy Sundays. Thinking of you.
Drugs make me happy. That's sad.
I won't be on reddit today.
He had a dominant hand once.
Shaking, she pressed 'send', and prayed.
I feel you don't respect me anymore. That makes me think it will not be good for me to be with you.
I wont miss you. Not again.
He suffers from being an ass.
Jokes almost distract me from pain.
You deserve everything that is good.
We will always be what if.
Make me hate you. Do something.
They are a very kinky couple.
She wept; he only loved himself.
Childs laughter -so lovely, but bittersweet.
Direct hit. Negative affect. Full retreat!
Hope we can talk some day and you could understand I am sometimes indecisive. I really miss you. Can we be friends atleast?
Maturity doesn't always come with age
Feeling Lost, Looking For My Way.
Anything hurts less than your silence.
Vodka is empty, it still hurts.
Millionaire bought our shop's cheapest shoes.
I took my antidepressants with Bacardi.
Everything is a little too much.
"You're small talk in human form."
Dreams of us ...Dream of u
My happy place is at home
From inside came a tiny meow.
There is no more paper. *Flush*
I'm fucking insane, are you too?
Is that you that I feel
Rice thrown, promises kept, tears hidden
Seeing bits of you in everyone.
The moment of truth has arrived.
She always had the same prayer.
He repeated the same thing, hoping.
Thanks getting me off lucid dreaming
You know Ive always been here.
You do not love me anymore.
She must not love you... anymore.
Silently, he said I love you.
Hot night, sloppy sex, lonely morning.
Morning.. she scans the bedside... empty.
I made the best decision. Right?
The baby coughs. The medicine's gone.
"His first breath was her final."
Six words are not enough to
The pending fear. Isnt it obvious?
Maybe One Day, In Another Life.
This Time You Deserve A Goodbye.
You presence fills my heart everyday
Returning Depression, Welcome home, Please Respond
Parents have died. We still argue.
She's tired of being found cute.
Will you choose hope or despair?
"I'll have just one more beer."
How I Idolize Sociopaths Right Now.
Now
She loves me, despite my sins.
My plates full. Moms is empty.
Is your reflection really you... mirrored.
He filmed himself, filming himself.... repeat.
She only swiped left until him.
Lonely, she filtered them all out.
Drank myself stupid trying to forget.
Tired to look hot, gave up.
Perfect selfie angle... still hate myself.
Chasing alcohol with sedatives. Death wish.
Saw your name many times on Screen since morning. It reminds me your name is not a userid "T..." :-) . Miss You
You? Terrible. Life is darkness. Fine.
Kayak to Panama. I nervously laughed
Id walk 500 miles. Its Ocean.
"Going anal!!" "Dont you fucking asshole!!!"
The lonely vegan beats his meat.
In The Words Of Buffalo Bill
Forgiveness truly is difficult at times.
Going in circles, gradually climbing higher
Itd be nice to come first
I wish someone would need me
Brain-damage and wisdom not mutually exclusive
The dust settled into eerie silence.
Wait, I thought this was America.
Ive lost faith in you, America.
Our apathy bred their undying ignorance.
I can't help whoever is next.
Sixwordstories don't have to be sad.
They say some people aren't alone.
Her drunken lips destroy my world.
She left and never looked back.
Feeling sad for what my ex told me. I don't say I am good but I don't think I deserve all those words.
Too similar a posting style....banned!
Nobody's stopped me fixing the world.
Met on Tinder. Calling Uber... Ikea ?
Bomb vest purchased at kids Department.
Dictators dominatrice wins noble peace prize.
Lovely all alone, broken together again
The hot tub had completely evaporated.
Dont destroy yourself to save others.
Never forget to make your bed
She smiled for the last time.
She waited. Just not for me.
It kills me some every day.
(Two) friends I need to trust
Hemp rope; lifetime guarantee. The Irony.
Fall into darkness, and never land.
Fall into darkness and never land.
Feminist baby aborts herself: nets conflicted
I miss sharing words with you.
He died doing what he loved.
Your distancing..I can feel it
Death row inmate on suicide watch
A forbidden kiss, enjoyed, forgotten, remembered.
Refused to become one of them.
Batman did a dope ass cartwheel
He swallowed his last pill, again.
Her flesh blistered and throat constricted.
*tips fedora* *pukes on his shoes*
"Just kiss me!" "I'm gay, Kristy."
I couldn't ask how she died.
JCM, heres to dreaming of you.
You're great... just not my type.
What were you wearing that night?
The difficulty looking past one thing
Food wasn't cooking. Wrong burner on.
Fell in love; broke up. Upvotes?
Why do things have to change?
"Brake... Braaaake... BRAKE!" "Dad! We're fine!"
Sometimes you just need a poo
As I feared, chemo didn't work.
So in love in this moment
Just dont tell anyone, she insisted.
Am i ready to try again?
The wrong person got locked up.
You could have stopped this tragedy
You are still my favorite memory
Hold on. Your greater is coming.
Current circumstances are causing major concerns.
Beating heart, be still my love
The needle welcomed a warm hug
Music is the hug I need.
Nobody cares until you kill yourself
It was acceptable at the time.
Midnight struck. Cake stood, candles unlit.
You will toil your life away
Just heard gunshots in my neighborhood
I never meant to hurt you.
Dellusional shizophrenic cats just did that.
She had a Hitler moustache shadow.
Ceci n'est pas un coup d'etat.
She loves him dearly; always enough .
Fucking around JCM, still love you.
Didn't Wish Happy Birthday? How Rude
One wish would be this here:
Who spilled all the fucking milk?
If I had a time machine...
The truth is, nobody wants me...
"Deliver me from myself!" she pleaded.
Don't let others tell you best
You said yeah..you know it
She couldnt say goodbye. She wouldnt.
"We grew apart," he told her.
I was banned, Fuck Unsentletters lol.
You went ahead and broke me.
Thanos car! Thanos car! Thanos car!
Best feeling in the world - relapse.
My birth was your greatest regret.
Feel no emotions show no pain
He learned to choose words carefully.
Game Paused. Please, reconnect the controller.
Happy Friday! Wish you were here.
He promised her love (fingers crossed).
His smile could make angels sing.
He wore the welcome mat out.
Why is there beauty in Chaos?
Just saying, you could do better.
Door is locked from the outside.
We prefer being called "dead people."
I'm Watching Netflix, We Are Maniacs.
Bloody Mary. Bloody Mary. Bloody Mary.
Be terrified of what you are.
"Will you marry me?" "Uh, sure."
I spread my Garlic like Parmesan
The last headline: PowerPoint went down.
Standing. Long lines. Waiting. . . (New iPhone.)
He's taller. Six feet not enough.
I think Johnny Cash will help.
Remember drinking last night?....course not.
It's A Sad Night On Unsentletters.
Resplendently beautiful: first light from shadows.
I fear passing insanity. I fear.
Not if but it is WHEN
"I wouldn't quit my day job."
So close, yet so very far.
Hand. Hook. Car door. Scream. Silence.
why is my wget so slow?
The path will sway, keep walking.
Honesty rarely gets the most upvotes.
Get you. Afraid. The one. Nada.
Republicans play hardball, Democrats play wiffle-ball.
Waiter, there's blood in my pudding.
Guilt ridden: Happy he is dead.
The world is a fair place.
For sale: one baby, never shod.
Time travellers avoided our century. Why?
You really let yourself go, huh?
Stolen credit card reveals new hobby.
She will always appreciate your charisma.
Busless drivers strike against driverless busses
If you would change your heart
First place! *Blue Shell!* ...Last Place.
Mario Kart is ruined for me.
Wishing we could make new memories
Screaming baby. Pass to mother. Silence.
"F_r sale: han_man's n__se, ne_er __rn."
Worth's measured by depth of struggle
Cheesy alibi from pizza delivery man
I like to resonate with you.
Widow corrects her ex-husband's eulogy.
Why do we stab ourselves.. again
Territorial for what she loved; him.
Hold me tight. I cant lose you.
Oh, that's not my blood, officer.
"Join the murder" said the crow.
"See there how the blood puddles?"
Today too soon. Tomorrow too late.
I, sometimes, learn from my mistakes.
Everything we'd known was now dead.
Love me brutally. Raw and fierce.
We show love in different ways.
I've lived lifetimes through television screens.
New beginnings radiate, old names burn.
Now, this moment, my hearts broken. 
"He thinks we think he's sleeping."
A life full of human errors
Billionaire hosts party for younger lookalikes.
Husband forcing business dinner events, lame!
Alexa, start lubricating yourself with WD40!
I stopped looking once I knew...
Dinner is going to sleep early.
Those eyes, see the real me.
Those eyes, see the real me
I cant run, I cant hide
"Check mate" "That's your first move"
Wind blowing, Tranquil thoughts, ocean view.
With or without U, ....with or without???
The devil whispered in my ear....
Tittered on the edge. Down I go.
Should I stop hoping for us?
If you can wish one thing 
They shouldn't have released him early.
Lemme in. I'll say I'm sorry.
Sleepwalking through life. My soul aches.
All thoughts led me to you
He's my rainbow after the storm.
I can feel it..closer together.
I forgot to tend my garden.
treasure is heart where ur heart is...
You are the only one I want
Mesmerized by your pretty blue eyes 
Love was acceptable in the 80s.
Theres no monster here he lied.
Don't go upstairs. Please follow directions.
Dont do it. Its too late
Wish I could write like her
Too drunk to walk... let's drive.
I tried but Im no hero.
You wake up writing hieroglyphs again.
"And your neeeewwwwww World Heavyweight President...!"
He's her 'in her' inner demon.
Smiles for miles we cover together
This so sad. Alexa play Despacito
You inspire me to love wholeheartedly
Hey you, we fell in love
Got green light. Didn't see car.
Unlike tranquility, hopelessness never left him.
This should stop but I cant
She brought me chicken noodle soup
Take me dam it! Im yours.
Dreamer
Vintage baby shoes....OWNED BY HEMINGWAY?!
Nobody knows your story. You do.
Please talk to me my love
The Smallest Coffins Are The Heaviest
Cabin fever dreams, a misfortunate theme.
Bearer, seek, seek, lest, level up
Took a risk; forever regretted it
I loved, lost, then moved on
I will see you in Stavanger.
Can we just talk all night?
Maybe I should let you go
Is it time to give up?
"Girlfriend of ten years said no."
"He used her, she used me."
Whatever you want, I'll be okay.
Enjoy today, tomorrow may never come.
Scared him half to death. Twice.
Tinder, Yelp, Uber, Skype, Skyscanner, Ikea.
This distance is killing me slowly...
... and still I'll care for you
Manipulation. You learned from the best.
Leaves playing a symphony of color.
Thoughts of you keep me awake
can't sleep, can't eat, can't captcha.
With him, she was just herself.
With him, I am just me.
Apparently Im just the fucking worst
I love the memory of you.
You'll be a footnote, mostly foot.
Im mentally ill. Hope youre fine
I keep praying for our future
Be you, you are perfectly imperfect
Irish bar. Blackout. Morning. I'm married?!
Way too tired to write today
This is not a short story
Picturing someone else when Im intimate
"Taxes are for the little people."
Taxes are for the little people.
Leave. ...Id rather stay with you.
Rejected. Isolated. Urge to kill rising.
The entire world has gone insane.
She forgot what role to play.
I never expected this much pain.
You need ends to begin again.
Be brave. Speak up. Show me.
My best is not enough. Sad.
What are you waiting for exactly?
Wish you would talk to me
Lost career. Losing, identity. Found writing.
What movie ending do you deserve?
Failed facing my fear of failure
You never really love me anyway.
Hoped I'd always be graceful. Ha.
Saying "ow" doesn't stop the pain.
She is still my favorite person.
We never had chance to talk.
Dont wanna forget your lips feeling
My magnum opus. Elevator. Low volume.
Noose was short. Choking replaced snapping.
Miss being wrapped in your arms
She started at an early age.
I am out of toilet paper.
temporarily with me, yet permanently destructive
Theres nothing else I could say.
And then, dance my worries away.
You will always be the one
Hurricanes remind me of you now.
Youre forever etched in my mind,
Walked into work saw crash cart
Say it, fucking say it already.
Maybe I was destined for this
Say it, fucking say it already
Waiting on you to free me.
Turning my life around, good times.
Its only me, I need you.
Ate viagra to make her cry
I watched your murder. I'm sorry.
911 hung up. He hanged himself.
Stick and heart broke in unison.
You came back with no explanation.
They broke vile jars for light.
Her pillow was my only consolation.
FIB could be watching you
An interesting title, your text post
Whats your Facebook? Is LinkedIn okay?
"Nothing is ever okay" screamed anxiety.
New Fridge Time! Bodies overflowed last.
You're all that I think about.
Scrapped my medals. Lets get high.
Her memory faded with his sanity.
Immortality discoverers celebrated their 725th anniversary.
Foo Fighters yesterday, good old days.
My life could be a movie
Diagnosis: Sterile. Pregnancy tests for sale.
"I'm a fool to want you."
I wish I could tell you
Husband/wife - Wife/wife; still married.
Mess needs scattering to be sorted.
Sunrise hospice should be called Sunset
Window open. Feeling adventurous. Public nudity.
Pain control, pain relief, pain acceptance.
Cancer spread to her brain, fatal.
Mom's in hospice, one way ticket.
Maybe the universe conspires for love
I loved her then she changed
Home alone... dreaming, missing, regretting... everything.
America under attack, where were you?
Kinda tired of seeing Spiderman pics.
Please come back, Ill be here.
He built me; he broke me.
Familiar sound - fire alarm... Pizza delivery.
Universe has too much confusion lately
My button-down-shirt is yours most Sundays.
With you, something means nothing, always.
What time is it my dear?
It was a perfectly clear day...
"Pull the shades down," she whispered.
Not invited to his boyfriends funeral.
Time has shown under ur spell
Lost time machine, last seen : tomorrow.
evening; forgot to take trash out
I loved you the wrong way.
Scotty's secret miracle tool: Duct Tape.
Perhaps this pain keeps me alive.
Sad and horny at the time.
Automod comments longer than six words.
"I was only a little girl."
He never wrote another word again.
I wish you would add me
Confusion, overstimulation, convoluted, pushed me away
This circumcision was a total ripoff.
In dreams am I only alive.
Actually honey, I am gay. Sorry.
Top 500 six-word stories (2018)
Shed avoided the river ever since
I think you are a goat. 
There was a storm blowing in
"I think we lost the baby."
I'm exactly how you want me.
Please write, I like to read.
Insomnia is a relentless, saucy wench.
But...the front door is locked
"I love you." *Message not delivered*
Sell me this pen, he demanded.
He wasnt aware he was dead.
Baby gets more attention than me.
Fell in love. Wrong one tho.
He is finally coming back home.
Focused on nothing instead of anything.
You couldn't love me well enough.
Noose unraveled. Fatally fell, still unnoticed.
Bustling bazaars have suddenly grown silent.
Gratitude sets our eyes off ourselves
Poop smell: nose hitting shit pieces
Smelling poop: shit pieces hitting noses
Overdosed with a bulletproof vest on
What if I write only five words?
Her heart was not a boomerang
limbo contest, forgot to exclude robots.
Too busy. Nine days. No call.
She grew tired of chasing love.
"We're all individuals!" chanted the crowd.
Amputated stories, for small attention spans.
inspiration ignited inside into instant insatiability
She likes kissing boys and girls.
Everything hurts. Im no longer afraid.
Broken chair, Diet day one - shinsplints.
Love is only one hug away.
Its not vacation, this is home.
These insane asylum inmates always lie.
Why do I keep seeing pieces?
Lol I'm joking, he lied again.
Daddy gives me the best cummies!
Love you, even if its awkward
Why not try to be human?
Oldest attractive woman celebrates 45th birthday
Some things just dont ever change.
Today I realized Im old after
Nobody would upvote this
No body would upvote this
Am I pretty enough now, Daddy?
The best is yet to come
Wasnt killed because he never existed.
Oh, no! Is that a cop?
I just want to love you
Me: it was.... Narrator: but it wasn't...
Went to bed. Couldnt sleep again.
Why I cant sleep at night
She wasn't wearing her seat belt.
Am I really that fucking AMAZING
She wasn't wearing her set belt.
"Love ya man," he slurred, embracing.
Why do you keep calling me?
Left his wife on Christmas Eve ...
"BUSTED" student exclaimed, sculptor professor sighs.
The silence is excruciatingly,deafeningly.... silent
No driver thinks they're the traffic.
what is that red dot from?
Dont trust myself alone with you
It's all about falling in love
Kept this Love in a photograph
Ben Brown.I heard bend down.
I dont want to get up
The anonymous leaker pissed him off.
Can you promise me one thing
Her lips poisoned, I die happy.
Happiness is a choice. Make it.
Note to self before class starts
Imagining Im with you on a beach
Tag your it to my TWIN
Cracked safe only contains poison gas
Having things leads to losing things.
Found out Im a Dumb Waiter
Trade my Marlboro for your Winston
Did you know youre my muse
Wishing I could disappear into nothingness
When will I stop this train?
Also, your welcome. Now, I see
Next, he's planning to plagiarize Shakespeare.
Why are you everywhere i go?
In sudden gusts, she flew away.
Daughters hand-me-down; tampered brakes.
classroom digital notes; last browser - porn.
Choosing to stop most my cussing
Im here Im not going anywhere
Finally, masturbation time! - he thought incorrectly.
You are the FUCKING AMAZING one
Great pain hid behind beautiful smiles
Where you go? Cheese sticks ready...
Hit me. Write where it hurts.
Dad, remember? She died last year.
A lonely face you'll soon forget
In a flicker, rain becomes sun
A flame that gleams so strange
Hopefully for me, your birthday's lucky.
His shadow glows in the dark.
She's dropping clues, but he's clueless.
There are ghosts in the machine.
The American flag bleeds in September.
We're all bad in someone's story
It's just one little step, ok?
Kill hate with kindness not fear
Why dont you care about me?
Just tell me
Are you still here need talk
Clown car murder investigation; Ninety suspects
Conceal... dont feel
Yes, I would download a car.
Obvious guilt. Answers demanded. Deafening silence.
No hard feelings here okay? Okay!
Death-prediction machine displays, "Turn around."
Stop 
Feelies
Wrnog diagonsis. I dno't hvae dyslxeia.
Good mornin my brown eyed girl
Deep, sweet, dark dreams of you.
Truth silenced. He walked. Daughters funeral.
Words moderate expression of profound feelings.
Words limit expression of profound feelings.
The spider on my front porch...
This paranoia is birthing cold feet..
Can we talk? Answered with never.
Psychiatrist meeting today, woohoo new drugs.
Second divorce! Maybe I'm no good.
Too depressed for even six words.
I miss you too..
It always happens the same way.
Immortality is just getting boring now.
She's worth whatever chaos she brings
Everywhere I look, nothing but disaster
My heart's been torn wide open
I Googled 'essential story elements' first.
Do not follow my path, child...
Winter brought you. Summer took you.
You fall asleep in an empty
Upvoting posts is not political action.
its you, its always been you
Wanted: loving father seeking broken family
The focal point to my failure
Down to the River to Pray
Bandages spared his pimples and insecurity.
Horny after nap and alone.
I procrastinated for a short time.
Loving you is the easy part.
"Lucky" charm can mean bad luck
Not a "singles mixer" says Noah
Government appoves the 0'/. voter turnout
"It's all smoke and mirrors, sonny."
Swear I almost saw you smile..
I didnt know it was loaded.
I should have saved myself instead.
I built it...they didn't come
Violets are blue, joke's on you!
Grandpa, 94, sometimes forgets Moms name.
Watership Down scarred thousands of children.
Opera this evening? You little whore?
Breathing in slowly. Feeling the warmth.
Smart, funny...taken, just my type.
Grandpa, 94, forgets Moms name sometimes.
Roses are red, romance is dead.
Wait! Dont shoot, let em burn!
Wait. Dont shoot. Let them burn,
Tap, rack, bang. Gone to sleep.
He has never smiled while alone
Fearful thoughts revive when Im high
Subtle. Obscure. Dated. I like you.
On my mind, in my heart
I can't define that love-naked goal.
"...But Facebook said vaccination hurts children"
All day I dream of you
I wish I had said no.
She kissed me and I ran.
She was everything his wife wasn't.
"Human meat" added to existing allergies
Silent treatment gives varieties of answers.
Destruction usually leads to rebuilding, right?
"One caramel frappuccino for 'Uh, Joey.'"
Aging Pikachu now requires batteried buttplugs.
House breaking, bad community, desperate housewives.
Youre beautiful like paintings ... Picassos paintings.
Stuck at work. Need to poop.
Hole in condoms, best friend pregnant.
This must be the sad ending.
This has gotta be the end.
Entirely my fault? Says the teacher
Life is the cure for death.
One way ticket into your heart
Comatose breathing pattern actually Morse code
Not like we were actually 'dating'
You deserve better. Better isnt around.
You deserve better. Better isnt around
Lets stop time one last time
Walt Whitman ratted out Walter White.
My father cant remember me anymore.
He just could not count to six
You always make my days better 
Zoom, screech, bang, thud, screech, zoom.
Why? I TRUSTED you. You BETRAYER.
I am a chore for you.
It isnt easy being anybody, regardless.
Glad I'm really a morning person.
Neighbor: Sorry, but your WiFis down...
We'll never see each other again
He strayed, she stayed, kids paid.
Nice country wedding. We were happy.
That was his only parachute jump.
Me, dying in the living room.
Forward back left right stop
I'm done lying now, she lied
I don't think daddy's coming back
I have to write, I say.
I cant sleep knowing theyve fucked.
Baby born deaf, blind, and mute
Skid Marks Led To a Cross
Not every pain has a reason.
I couldve wept. But fuck them.
I did everything right. Still failed.
New breasts didn't fix her personality.
Doctor said I got terminal cancer.
Foreseen natural disaster suddenly destroying lives
There ain't no money in it.
I won't bother you anymore, love. 
dude where's my car? over here.
I thought I had more time.
I looked death in the face.
Dogs love me. Dogs love anyone.
It has been a while, humans
Not dementia. She was always evil.
Get one whole sheet of paper.
You should give up on me.
Wasting time: the paradox of mortals
Sick of being sick n tired
Men who masturbate only fuck themselves.
I can't commit to finishing my
"Hey daddy? What was mommy like?"
Only serious responses result from it.
Anvil aerodynamics key to Coyote's testimony
That cat looks like a chick.
Tonight at seven: purchases fear-mongering.
Tonight at 7: paid fear-mongering.
Father said, "kneel, close your eyes."
The monitor's glare is blinding me.
Asymptote: approaching near, yet never cross.
Fate running backwards, like in Hamlet
The dog kennel door closed forever
Starting off small, gping for big
Flowers at a grave. All natural.
Merriam-Webster new edition removes "gullible"
"The football! NOW!" Holster empties. "Negative."
We'll never break up, she said.
Doctor fainted after seeing the baby
They called him the "N" word.
Need Smartphone to find mine. Repeat.
"I'm still alive!", I cried helplessly.
Prior to the fire, birds sang.
BREAKING: Last independent media company closed
Born alone, they died in together.
Time flies by; airplanes departure, Greenwich.
"Not a disagree button" my ass!
We must fight for world peace.
Run from it? Death still arrives.
The apple did not fall far.
Best in the world, undefeated chef
Three parents, still failed each time
*sigh* no time; fire cleanses all.
"Alexa, Thanks for being my friend".
I always fuck it all up.
Power, space, reality, soul, time, mind.
Wolf. Wolf. Wolf but for real!
Patience
Prolific writer, no facebook, dies unknown.
Fool me twice, shame on me.
Run as fast as you can
God doesnt care, youve known this.
My tinnitus wants to kill me.
Can't wait to hold you, son
Last bee dies! What's the buzz?
Tinder loses lead - pheromones win the race!
ACID WORN OFF. EFFECTS HAVE NOT.
And they lived happily ever after.
I love you, many years later.
the corpse was wearing her sweater
Foolish heart, you make me weak
At last we forgot our names..
The divorce lawyer sobbed, "I do."
Awake 3 seconds, then I remember.
Truth is strong and will prevail
His finest hour was his eleventh.
He's the happy pill for me.
Blindly we walk into the uknown
Beauty fades but dumb is forever.
Three months on Tinder. Zero matches.
They start to make their own chaos
I want to resonate with you.
times I miss drinking with you.
Really don't know what to think.
His halo fell around his neck.
Door slams. Glass breaks. Now silence.
Puddles make the most beautiful postcards
Her license plate read 'IM H4RNY"
"Adderall wont make you smarter."- Doctor
He once wanted to heal people.
The internet made it too easy...
OpenIng their hearts opened others minds.
It was a good fight anyhow.
Whispering in the wind "fly away"
"Payback is hell" she warned him.
I release you. Please release me.
We'll figure this out today, love. 
A masochist with chronic joint pain.
Don't be afraid to love again
Just like that,tequila is magic!
French kissing my phone every night
If you're reading this, my love
can't trust others with his grave.
Its all in the hips cha cha
Maybe Benadryl will fatigue my insecurities.
Take 1 capsule 3 times daily.
Screaming thoughts. Lobotomy. First time silence.
Take 1 capsule 3 times a day.
You smiled. We loved. I lived.
He noticed tanlines around her finger.
One piece was his straw hat
Woke up to find himself dead!
Depressed magician makes happiness disappear.
Im not happy unless Im dreaming.
Kids moved out. Miss the noise.
Bowl of purple weed. Grape popsicle.
"I wish you'd stay," he thought.
You don't know I love you.
Was it wrong to be right?
Can this be a hallucination too?
Sometimes remembering you still pains me.
A breakdown, tears one by one.
Never, would they see it coming?
I down vote my own posts.
Stomped the hive. Thought themselves free.
Wish their kid would stop staring.
These journalists' suicides sure are creative.
It's not worth it, it's insured.
Hit rock bottom, time to change.
I miss sleeping next to her.
I want you here so badly
She is a piece of shit.
Lost it, found it, broke it
Pawn shop guitar. Song hidden within.
She caught him in the act.
Please don't break up with me.
Orgasmed simultaneously after watching shooting stars
Don't make excuses for nasty people
I'm still at the office, babe.
These birthday greetings are now elegies
Shot in head twice, declared suicide.
Everything the light touches, is ours.
Birthday, woken up by my love.
It's time to just be happy
Out of breath from chasing you
My expectations always let me down.
When it's time, you will know.
"That screeching? Just rats" I lied
She came, but I had left.
Tick the box. Just do it.
Anonymous, she read her obituary, laughing
Worrying about sleep leaves me sleepless.
Neel the dwarf hated introducing himself.
Only a chosen few get invited
Longing
Don't I deserve to be loved?
Peaceful death led to eternal suffering.
Those who care can hear you
She said don't, he wouldn't stop.
Late to work - walking on barefoot
Not everyone gets to grow old
I decided to never look back.
Finally stopped smoking. Opened fireplace damper.
Top ten. Last two. Thats bullshit!
Finally stopped smoking. Opened fireplace damber.
Finally stopped smoking. Closed fireplace damper.
As I get older I realize....
The chickens came home to roost.
I said 'don't ask me', OK?
My eyes flirt with your heart
Otorhinolaryngologically, psychophysicotherapeutics thyroparathyroidectomize spectrophotofluorometrically. Spectrophotofluorometrics Antidisestablishmentarianise.
Like the deserts missed their rain...
He's never met anyone like me
He breaks hearts, but not mine.
"Dream, America, dream. Scream, America, scream."
You smell EXACTLY like Omarosa ManigualtNeuma.
"Can I buy you a drink?"
Will we get to be together?
Sober now but she's already gone.
Forever's but a moment with you.
Hey look it's John Cena:
I want for nothing more. Although...
"I'm pregnant," she said. "Marry me?"
England bowlers, let down by batsmen.
One dance with her, missed chance
Grandma, what is a shopping mall?
"I'll love you forever" I lied.
"Go to hell" said Saint Peter.
Our grandchildren wont know shopping malls.
But darling, loving you is easy.
"Do you?" "Yes." "Do you?" "Yes."
Actor on screen and real life.
I miss hearing "I miss you".
Life wasn't meant for the living
I can't wait to see you.
Beer tent, everyones drinking except him?
Euthanasia failed for the sixth time.
Prognosis poor. Don't tell the children.
Crisis averted when old pants inverted
Please realize you are not alone
Change the world by being yourself
Ahh! Gah! Was that a nail?!
There's nothing in the room, though.
Today's my birthday. Another year older.
Boo! What, that didn't scare-- OOWEWRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Love the way my Lover thinks.
We get to carry each other.
Better days are coming my friend
25 and never had a friend
that feeling when you die awesomely
The weather doesn't know your mood.
Divorce papers. First agreement in years.
Today the sun didn't rise, again.
Why did you make artificial ghosts?
How am I so fucking awesome?
Suicide note, mods deleted the post
Passive-aggressive ghost silent on Halloween
Don't do the time warp again!
You're my King. I'm your Queen.
Fear, then surrender to blissful nothing.
Dont kill him. Just defeat him.
I Trust Strangers More Than Friends
Today, his grandmother outlived his son.
Lotion and napkins used, shame ensues.
Look in your eyes, can't regret.
He is lost in the ozone.
BEAR! SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT!
Working conditions worsened. Children retired early.
Every story...is...done he cried
Both terrified, hostage comforts the gunman
Rest in peace Queen of Soul.
So I am foreign to myself.
He wore dresses. That caused messes.
Almost time to crawl into bed
Broke it. Bought it. Chucked it.
I don't like what I've become.
I miss who I was then.
I voted for this. Big mistake.
You might not like it _now_
The music's stopped; I'm stuck standing.
I'm drowning out all the voices
Oh fuck he's done it again
Time I was on my way
When it comes, you'll resist it.
The idea of being forgotten, sucks
Lovecraft was trying to warn us!
Awake, he wrote, you smell different.
The scars, they cant hurt you.
This title's 5 words long. PHYCHE!
I need a foot massage, asap.
Still waiting, for nothing to come
Can I sell this for anything?
Oh god, that is not sugar.
White padded room. Twisted up gears.
Finally sleeping in, one last dream.
Bond broken, conjoined twins stop speaking.
A shiny blade is very seductive.
Don't get old? Beats the alternative.
She was beautiful, but not kind.
"Be careful with that axe, Eugene!"
You should be here with me.
Bukowski wrote bluebird. I wrote this.
It's not interesting to watch you
I only remember the bad bits.
I'll be watching you. Sleep well.
I said no, he wouldn't listen
I care. So I said something.
"Heading home now!" - her last words
Do not confuse attachment with love
She said "move forward". I didn't.
Why did it end like this
My hearts broken. Because of you.
I hope you sleep well love.
A man limps in silence, grimacing.
It doesnt get me high anymore
Love, put you through so much
Strangers skinny dipping and star gazing
They underestimate my level of crazy.
Tell me you love me too.
Please why can't you be here.
You're the perpetrator, not the victim.
Please, avoid clichs like the plague.
Please i am screaming, be her.
I wish you didn't see that.
She judges books by their cover.
Armageddon was started with a tweet.
Pikachu: Dildos batteries dead? No problem!
Sometimes, he brushes her hair lovingly.
Yet another husband and father buried.
Sadder, She went back to bed.
Ernest, be careful with that gun.
Didn't mean to throw you off
Never thought I'd make it through
Thirty second birthdays dont really exist.
So many fuzzies, warm and cozy
Leaving his shelter, family pulled along.
Good thing to wake up too.
Mommy, where are they taking daddy?
Rock bottom will teach you lessons
Now you know, I don't care.
She was the killer all along...!
She thinks about death every day.
Fuck off and lose my number.
Forever! Or at least until Tuesday.
Enough about me, let's talk I
Shake your arms to hide the veins.
METH, one hell of a drug.
Meh - People who can't feel emotions.
Couldn't let go, people were watching.
Blocked everywhere, he tried harder... stalker.
Loves me, hates me, discarded me.
Bird lives matter too. chirp CHIRP
Night owls eat the early bird.
Which way is up these days?
Death ain't got nothing on life
She feels music on her skin
Best friend gone, collar in hand.
Been too long not long enough....
Best friend gone, collar in hand.
Im proud of you-his Dad.
Eve was minus the fig leaf.
When two souls fall in love....
Pineapple on pizza is a dealbreaker
Two scraps of paper conjoined, date?
Sand castles: home of the crab.
Summer leaves. Red, yellow and orange.
Burial shouldnt be the parents job.
Texting in car. Cake and coffee.
Our goodnights turned into good mornings
Help, they're sowing up my moummmmmmmmmmmmmm!!!!!!!!!
Can't pour from an empty cup
Very nice - but does it blend?
Dont get old. His grandfather said.
Should I have said something different?
But WHY does it Chuck wood?
Men questing for the golden city.
Job requires sun exposure. No medical.
You never really wasted my time.
Destination: Home - Current location: my house
Our forever doesnt seem long enough.
I don't feel at home anymore.
She is always eyeballing other guys.
Self love really is the catalyst
Sure, not sure, sure, not sure
Sure..Not sure, sure, not sure...
No response is a powerful response
Memories together: now like shared dreams.
One last time didn't last enough...
All you need is loud music
They shut Heaven down years ago.
X-rays show he has no heart.
Mail order bride: DELIVERED (assembly required)
Missed the train. Suicide attempt failed.
My talent is drinking. Yours: sucking.
Headless bodies littered Nankings bloody streets.
Almost no one can live forever.
The tombstones dates read 2012-2013.
Limbs torn off, blood spurting. Breathing.
I got off track, im sorry.
Dinner is still my personal battlefield.
She said yes. I felt nothing.
The world is black without you
Wheres Chris? ...He died years ago.
The less I know, the better.
Who can make you smile again?
Scientist creates invisibility, never seen again.
Hey cowboy! Can I ride you?
Be twice as kind to yourself.
Yelling at me solves so much.
Today was good, still miss you.
Now I try to forget you.
"Alexa, where is your god now?"
One new grave dug for thirty.
Gave birth once. Loathed children afterward.
gave birth once, loathed children afterward.
You bring chaos to the table
Tree broke down. Too many hangings.
The sky fell while I slept.
She's been dead for 35 years...
Just a taste and Im yours.
Bloodied white shirt. Not my blood.
Lock broken. Ransacked rooms. Nobody home.
Why dont we speak at all?
I want more than Ive got.
I love it when I'm wrong.
Blind man caught browsing child pornography
Im feeling gothic... Paint it black!
Mirror of Erised: so much blood
This fire burns for only you
Me no work good without she
Missed the meeting. No one called.
Night School. Paperwork mix-up. Fight School.
We'll meet on that beautiful shore.
A summer wasted with no love.
I wish I never met you.
On cakeday they gave me upvotes
Were both manic depressive, its great.
WWI Christmas, no fighting just singing.
Hang on, I don't have kids.
You make my heart go BOOM
Last words, "I'll do it tomorrow."
One kiss and I was hooked
He who angers you controls you
...but you missed a great opportunity
Mutual respect that they silently bestow
Instantly regretted tearing webbing from eyes
Misery is easy, happiness is work.
My biggest flaw is this pride.
But youve got nothing to lose.
Isblack man infiltrates kkk six words? Or 3 words and 3 letters?
Grief changes shape, but never ends.
Grief changes shape, but never ends.
Amanda Waller, one cold ass bitch.
Im Silent. But thoughts are loud.
You're not stealthy, you're really not
American Justice: Innocent until proven poor
"I can do that." "He couldn't."
...but you never called me back.
Full. But still feel so empty.
In every life, its always you.
Artificial serotonin works just fine too.
I only need one word... KABOOM!
Guess who? Not me or you!
"What's the news?" she asked reluctantly.
Tingling all over. Remicents of night.
Who is that in the mirror?
took photographs just some just so
Goodnight! My haters are sound asleep.
You love everyone, except for me
He had one reason, not thirteen.
Belt is tight, selfie posted #finaldestination.
She's too hot to care, much.
Brown glob, public pool, disgustingly cool.
Choices. Be productive or sleep? Re-reembark!
Scrambled eggs, scalding and smashed hard.
Head foggy, throat hurting, he conceded.
Bacon tempted me from my diet.
Who is that... phantom cellphone ring.
His death went unnoticed for weeks.
Give her a minute before you...
We were putzes in times past.
It was always a foregone finis.
It says you are deceased, Ma'am.
And then they were forever nothing
The American Dream; financed at 15%.
Pound, pound, pound. Penny, Penny, Penny.
She grabbed the baby and ran.
*Siren* - the children covered their heads
"I'm happy for you." "You're crying."
Candid pictures are best, my love.
He's nobody after dropping the mask.
Really, she didnt give a fuck.
He doesn't post in r/sixwordstories anymore.
Planting a rock in your garden.
Christ. Forgot to lock the door.
Dreaming dreams of lying awake together
Be careful what you wish for.
Aren't ripcords supposed to deploy parachutes?
I...finally gave up on her.
Living my life waiting for death.
Why do you come in pairs?
Why do I feel so empty?
In Sacramento, I found my love.
I used to be an optimist.
We, became I. She, became him.
I will choose to love forever.
Breathed final breath. Died minutes later.
Separated at birth, reunited by death.
I did the best I could.
He committed grave mistake. Pulling trigger.
Bed broke. 5 little monkeys dead.
I'm the one with no chill.
I'm not ready to be single
The bloom is off the rose.
Four little words, one too many.
Conjoined twins accepted to different universities.
Children in Bangladesh saved using upvotes!
I guess were strangers once again.
Not every "sorry" deserves "it's ok".
You'll find me by the sea.
Theyre together, but hes emotionally unavailable.
Open road, the doors, the sunset
I wake to a sunless sky.
His country didnt love him back
"Melt back into me," he gasped.
Of course Im thinking of you.
We' re all in this together, alone.
Didnt find a toilet in time
"Monster Truck Explosion " becomes horrifically literal
"Monster Truck Explosion " becomes horrifying literal
She just wanted to feel wanted.
Alcoholic father disappointed in pothead son
You don't know what it's like.
She tore it out, almost smiling.
To read more
We became I. She became him.
Lovable loser, lucky I even looked!
Burned the world; froze in ash.
Laughing loudly at Looney labeled lullabies.
Dr. Watson finally caught planting evidence
I'll just help you sneak out!!!
Shoving round pegs in square holes
I finally moved on from her.
Lets throw caution to the wind.
Wildly she ran through the world
Bit muh tung. Potato chip? Fanks.
I'm meeting my ex for coffee.
you wanna pro-create, you gotta go-copulate
Feminine products no longer needed here.
Do you remember being born again?
I wish I could do more
I always travel with funeral clothes...
Man dies trying to recreate Goatse
The wisdom to know the difference.
*Snip snip* Yer a woman, Harriet.
Open and shut? Not so fast.
Go or Stay? Heart hurts unsure.
He's 'pow' in my Kung Pao.
She left mistreatment behind, leaving him.
Does his smile light her world?
My dad makes dinner for two.
News van arrived; death must occur
This world was made for assholes.
The hammer or the nail? Neither.
He laughed when the sadness hit.
To the rescue; here I am!
"Great Location!" says the aging sign.
We dance a secret dance together
For Sale, BAY-BEE! Shoes! Never Worn!
My character dies in your novel.
For me there is no rest.
But with it came deadly sin
Well be together once hes dead.
Tears contradicted every word he spoke.
Your ma ma so fat, obesity
This is it, promise she said.
Evil man, your magic runs low.
His smile made love kick in.
A porch swing, you and me...
You've never learned to love yourself.
Was it another episode, or them?
Make sure it's not on safety.
Dad never really knew he was...
Why couldn't I save us all?
He's falling in love with everyone.
Please do not feed the ducks.
Right: hot water. Left: hotter water.
Letter of the day is S
Superimpose, sexy sisters stalking sultry subs.
Solicitously shy, she seldom showed skin.
Short stories still solicit sadness successfully!
Typed an insult, deleted, typed again.
He drank until he hit send.
He searched again and again and...
All set... test data no good.
Baker with chip on shoulder... (chocolate)
I'm not sure how to stop.
Monkey see, monkey moo. Monkey confused.
Six, Five, Four, Three, Two...FUCKKKK.
She shouted until she made no sense.
Took gender neutral fitness test, easy!
Re-configuring DNA, Four arms? No problem!
Hope, a poison that taunted him.
Please know, im trying to do better
Plot twist: I fucking knew it
She's got me trying new things.
Holding my breath, I hit send....
I guess I just miss you.
After years of stress, I've resigned.
Waiting on a sign from you
Soon I'm coming back for you
So painful to the human mind
Hate is heavy, let it go
Is Harrison Ford Americas Sean Connery?
She said she will definitely text
Another late bill, tomorrow I pay.
Tires squealed, dust everywhere, she's gone.
What is it that you want?
Why won't you look at me?
I can see them now, Thestrals.
It takes guts to be fat.
Back before I registered my domain
Post-internet craze; neutrino time bombing
Things changed when the moon exploded.
The worst part? All of it.
Her boyfriend is my good friend.
Determined, facing the Dawn with resolve
He hung, crucified by digital stone
None care about Half Life anymore.
And after all... you're my wonderwall
Your an itch I can't scratch
4.0 GPA and is not smart
Censorship is dangerous to society because              
Witnessing my funeral left me dejected.
Five hundred days sober. Twenty. Three.
I'm older than my big brother.
"It... tingles," she whispered. And then
Do you ever tell the truth?
Fall down seven. Stand up eight.
Lets get going, she whispered hopefully.
Cold weather friend keeps me warm.
You made hash of my heart.
He's bon apptit to my eyes.
Keep walking until your head's clear.
How do you revive soggy fries?
Scylla trips into Charybdis. Clear road!
She was sick again this morning.
"Wheres the beef?" query painfully retracted
Tearing, bloodshot eyes... Meat is murder.
Staple penetrates eyeball. "One more chance?"
Running in circles... new shape needed
The flag burned with the house.
He still won't leave me alone.
Train approaching. Call of the void.
I miss fucking on my period.
The butterflies of these moments..wowza!
Small things can equal big things
The walls resonate her fleeting screams.
I feel like I failed us.
"Row!" The roaring grew thunderous. "ROW!"
Voted for Hillary. Changed my gender.
She sang, but he was gone.
Blood's all these veins pump now.
Im lonely even though youre here.
She sat in the pews, alone.
He said yes. She said no.
She still wont admit she cheated.
Dated Ale was my best experience
Another shooting; another story; another memory.
Your presence gives me warm fuzzies
I went, panicked, and turned around.
Errands done, hair down. Missed crazy.
"Baby on board..." Sighed the paramedic..
I'm not gonna make it reddit
My optical sensors find this pleasing.
Dracula was thirsty, not for me.
My bathroom mirror reflects a stranger
Endlessly spewing facts that mean nothing.
I don't want to say goodbye
Never trust the guy thats leaving.
Hawaiian shirt, shorts, camera. "Charge double."
Hoping to see your eyes today
One world, with seven billion centers.
I love waking up with you.
I love being me; don't you?
Hes only her latest favorite possession.
Man invents world's second time machine.
Im surprised how okay I am
Reason not to be nice: YOU
It gets closer by the day.
Billion kisses saved up for you
We discovered different versions of loyalty.
Frighteningly forgetting you, day by day.
Moving on: not great as suggested!!
This can't be all there is.
Religiously, 21st century pope tweets "#Blessed"
He's weaving a tapestry of turds.
Lies - the sweetest of all truths
Started from the bottom... still here
Here, every wring is a bell.
The garden darkens. The roses slither.
Same world. Same people. Yet unfamiliar.
Six words?! Six books aren't enough.
Six words?! Six books would do.
Hes on parole. Shes having nightmares.
Shampooing hair. Eyes closed. Door opens.
Nobody noticed him under the table.
Girlfriend 1 called. Girlfriend 2 answered.
Better before his mask came off.
Never mind what is in there.
But I am an only child.
She said, "I like your friend."
How did you find my address?
She was not on the train.
They were weak. I was hungry.
I think I will regret you.
You &amp; I, Fire &amp; Ice
Goliath collects every stone. Defeats David.
I loved, lost, died, and found.
You were my introduction to normal.
Your voice equals my day made
Made two backup consciousnesses just encase.
Moral: Beauty fades, dumb is forever
Help yourself - no one else will
Ironically, you still improved my life.
Are you happy with the outcome?
Neighbors made me an accidental voyeur
Spot remover on dog. He's Gone.
Wife says I fart a lot.
Keep fighting; never give up hope!
Unfortunately, she could find no solace.
It was Costco-size... and leaked.
Fell just short, disappointed many.
You inspire me to do better
I eat ice cream for breakfast.
I know he isn't really here
Beer bottles found behind the breadbasket.
Husband says I pee a lot.
God claims Pi is actually 3.14
Homeless man enjoys his Kugerrand's antelopes
It takes one to know one
Lifeless, he forgot who he was.
Finished a book. Gonna sleep well.
Are you still you? or who?
Eventually they even conquered time itself.
I must go back in time.
He modified himself and was reborn.
After eons, he smiled at death.
He became addicted to eternal shininess.
We no longer were human, evolved.
I walked lifetimes in your shoes.
Exploration of the infinite, found aliens!
"I don't remember" isn't an apology.
He repeated his favorite dreams forever.
I wish I had profound words
The work is meant for two
You are more than you think
Picking myself up... won't fall again
Finally made her smile. By leaving..
Why is Mommys face so blue?
How do I stop this mess?
She's losing all her beautiful hair.
I just wanted to be happy.
I, was, all in on us!
Kill me with kindness, or indifference.
Public indecency? They keep on staring!
Not too old, not too late
We were supposed to run away
I force myself to just forget
My first day defusing bombs sucked.
Everyone mistakenly thought he was okay.
Once upon a time, the end.
My friend, Olive, tanning much faster.
Don't I deserve your love too
Trying is harder when you're failing
Some days are better than others
Her scent remained, my address changed.
Its time to just be free
I went through abuse too, but...
A love deeper than the ocean
Found guilty despite proof of innocence.
Guess what - it's not my fault
FOR THE PAIN WE CALL LOVE !
At best, manageable. At worst, unbearable
"My insurance doesn't cover assisted suicide."
You left because of my tattoos.
"I'm sorry Dave, no can do."
I tried my best for you....
Graduated, Hired, married ,had kids , what now ?
I thought that I was happy.
"OUCH!" Screamed Sarah's mac and cheese.
"Has that doll always been there?"
Youll make someone else very happy.
Neighbors lawn Boomer does his business.
This is a very happy story!
Does this gunshot wound look infected?
One coffin for sale. Free accommodation.
Wife can't wait for my payday.
Found emptiness in search of happiness
Dad left on a business trip.
This is not a happy story...
We found her, I'm so sorry.
Dance she screamed as it rained
Its too dark, said the caveman.
Life is just one giant inconvenience.
Automated response: you are not alone.
Up the creek without a paddle.
Well, what are we waiting for?
I pack my bags tomorrow hun.
She turned down, but for what?
Any message at all. Reach out!
Eventually, she couldnt say no anymore.
They learned they couldn't eat money
The last human updates Wikipedia: "Extinct."
"Loved" mother, only because I'm born.
More apathy, less anxiety. Welcome, anhedonia.
Consummate this prayer: roll the dice.
No poetry right now. Just truth.
I can't care anymore. Your turn.
I have to get up, regrettably.
"I don't see why they would."
I must've grabbed the wrong medicine!
Polaroid mentality in a Snapchat world.
Shed rather be right than nice.
Those little body tingles are back
I am a dead end road.
I fear having no more questions.
I wish I could just disappear
Silly games we play every day.
I'm so meta even this acronym
Tired of proving myself to me.
Took Dad off the family plan.
Im consistently my own worst enemy.
Im consistently my own worst enemy.
Our time together is almost up.
The whole world isn't about you.
Stuffy room stuffed with spare stuff.
Universe, you is a savage mofo.
Once for no, nonce for yes?
We write universes to each other.
Some broken things can't be fixed.
Give me the strength to forget.
Thought it was just a fart...
Just call and say he's dead.
Shes not able to love herself.
The voice said youre not important
The busy ambulance made two trips.
My train of thought passes you
Called in sick today. Worth it.
Im sorry Im not ready yet.
Lover, do I make you proud?
Ask yourself: "Do I feel lucky?"
First-time Mohel: bris, half off.
First-time Mohel: Bris half-off.
Another late night spent on Reddit...
Six words are all we need
T.R.U.M.P - Trump Reels Under Master Putin
Tragedy. Denial! ANGER. bargaining? depression... Acceptance.
Nobody can know that its yours.
Not my type, but my like.
Cabbie wonders if gun is loaded
Best man's joke tragically, ironically predictive
Love, like Fortune, favors the bold
Overheard in LA, "No abortion needed".
Texting overload. She stopped making sense.
Why is saying goodbye so hard?
The puppet president ate his cheeseburger.
Dead? No, no.. You're just invisible.
Hitman missed you, huh? Still alive?
Everything I gave was returned. Inheritance.
Pets can't make me happy. Sad.
Promises don't need to be broken.
She lied. There was no abortion.
Smiles all around, Friends not found.
Please kill me. Do it *slowly.*
This otter be good. Very punny.
I couldn't read loopy handwriting (yet).
Constant backup alarm goes disastrously unheeded.
Words never do justice to feelings.
I won't just sit and watch.
This page is absolute garbage mate
She lost herself trying to forget.
The scars tell the real story.
She surpassed him, after he declined.
Time for the sleep of defeat.
Pleasure? Pain? He couldn't tell anymore.
She took it to the grave.
My questions are best left unanswered.
Reltionships end. Love hurts. Friendships break.
She cried, then forehead got kissed.
Your a piece of work asshat
I will miss her potato salad
Seeing dollar signs at Dollar Store.
If only we knew every last.
The blind fold was extra tight.
She wanted to sleep, forever more.
Paula persuasively proposed a Pornographic proposition.
I know I just saw them.
Not ready for production, deployed anyways!
My answer was in her hesitation.
Six Word Memoir: Pizza Tastes Better When You're Younger.
The real news tweaked into fake.
"Come here." "No, you come here!"
I saw smoke in the distance.
"He said no. I believe him."
Why wont you just stay dead?
Elaborate on this Cum box, please
Alone again. Wish I were surprised
First came regret, seconds later concrete
The deluded cult embraced their traitor.
I finally got some good news
He just got back. Mom's pissed.
The widowed father swaddled the newborn.
Dictionary definition of traitor: Donald Trump
Poor devil, evil never ages well.
Can't trust my own brain anymore.
Can't believe my own brain anymore.
Emotional maturity is not my strength.
I always feel alone with her.
"And THIS confession WASN'T coerced, RIGHT!?"
What were you before the war?
That's not ants in his pants.
Sadly, each one thought himself alone
Born five months after the wedding.
RIP Earth: Loved to the core
I am my own worst enemy.
Beep...Beep...Beep...Beep...Beep...Beeeeeeeeeeeee...
The president betrayed his country gleefully.
We killed Mars twice as fast.
I was wrong, she is amazing!
The signal is coming from Mars.
I should have died. Not her.
She couldn't wait for him anymore.
Trump and Putin plotted and laughed.
He said yeet far too often.
Swimming pool neighbor now my friend.
Life of signs and synchrony.
My hour spent; her minute spared.
I can't believe she went there!
Once open oceans, new trash islands.
Her premonitions where his deepest nightmares.
He doesn't have enemies, only fears.
Brambles reached for her bare legs.
Yah! Long weekend kind of sick.
Im not at your mercy anymore.
She's getting r-rated with her ex.
Exhausted of options, the rope beckoned.
Found perfect guy. I am taken.
"That sure didn't take very long."
Space isnt working any better woman.
The world ended on a Tuesday.
Below your surface was another world.
Wishing I had a home again
What does "I love you" mean
Craving company but also wanting solitude
He's making decisions of global proportions.
Remembering 'us' is hard. You? Harder.
"Honey-do" list completed. "Honey" finished earlier.
He is a distant, perfect memory.
Your company makes being alone tolerable.
Speak if it improves the silence.
You created me, your own image.
You are too beautiful for words.
Problem is, she died long ago
You want the old me back
Strangely, 'I love you' isn't enough...
...two...one...the shot goes in!
Mr. Peanut porno with a cane.
Tequila makes up it's own superheros.
He's priceless on Antique Road Show.
I finally have a night alone.
Never thought I'd turn 35 alone.
Ill never be anyones first choice.
Got their attention, but not hearts.
It was nice meating you, Babe.
I saw you in my dreams.
Sardines and night shift dont mix.
When your brain works against you...
Please reach out to me more.
Rumplestiltzkin? That's me. You've been served.
Tried holding back, pushed through anyways.
Waiting only made it worse, lonely.
Waiting only made it worse, diarrhea.
She tried to recover her life.
Destabilising the world; Trump and Putin
Choosing Mom's funeral picture is hard
Never going to give you up.
Please dont save me mr paramedic.
Serenity in eyes, chaos on minds.
I'm bloody loaded; quite wealthy too!
Best policy: Three lies, you're out!
Hanging between "can't" and "want to".
Paranoia: Swirling wind and still leaves.
Gazing into her vapid, funeral eyes.
man door hand hook car door
The cancer spread, the virgo smiled.
I miscounted this story's words.
"Bad Luck" is often bad preparation.
"Why invent atomic chainsaws?" "Why not?"
Everything is happening - only too late.
The perfect man does not exi-
"Shirts vs. skins!" "But I'm" "Shirts."
His feet stink, breath smells good.
I just can't be alone tonight.
Suicidal, mental departure. Dead on arrival.
I have a problem by design.
"In summary: More birds, less stones."
In an instant, Im not Mom.
"Knock, knock." "Who is it?" "Us."
We are what we succumb to.
Donation: Damaged car seat. Used once.
And still I wait for you...
Kind to others. Hard to self.
Work kinda just funds the weekend.
happier when i was with you
She said see ya l8r boi
I wish it would never end
I can feel it choking me
We are the promises we fulfill
What is it, to be loved?
Working two jobs. Paid for one.
"I didn't know it was loaded!"
Saturdays didn't feel like weekends anymore.
I want you in my arms
30F.... hottest day since records began.
All we still shared was loyalty.
"Nice to meet you," she repeated
Our relationship didnt survive the test.
Depression is Natural Selection's time bomb.
The first connection. A new beginning.
Crap, not another meta SWS post.
Superman's angle grinder scratched that itch.
My love, now you'll see me.
Talking over you talking over me.
Stan Lee didnt make a cameo
We all know how that ends
Looking through a broken diamond ring
Looking through a broken diamond glass
Its always been only you babe
Please just be direct with me
Am I awake now? Wuddabout now?
Hello? Hello? Is this thing on
He discovered password to her heart.
Humiliated, embarrassed, brokenhearted, still didn't learn.
Humiliated, embarrassed, still didn't learn.
She pumped her arm. *honk honk*
I'm an idiot who somehow survives.
......and then my world fell apart.
Song ends, hears clapping, home alone.
Better to be forgotten than hated.
"It's a very, very mad world."
Too busy to listen to self.
...but the truck could not stop.
I play along just for you 
Gimme a reason to love you...
Morris liked his wife better dead.
I fear I may go mad
Failed attempts at giving you, me.
I cant wait to see you
Without you, would've never felt it.
Feeling hot, he flipped the pillow.
The worlds tallest man sat down.
Complained about seasoning, while millions starved
i'm lonely again; neighbors party ended
I think about you and cry.
While clutching purse: "I trust you."
Awake at Day, Aware at Night.
I loved you, for a while.
"I stopped hunting, hosting is easier."
white sky, blue cloud, your love.
I am not your ex-girlfriend whisperer.
And I think to myself, what...
.
Hey, let's check out this cave.
I need to let us go
"No hyphenated compounds in Scrabble, buttmunch."
Attracted to Chaos, scared to Love.
All's fair in love and war
Through this desperation, I sought help
Its just to easy for you
I'm trying to get me back.
Neighborhood kids all look like him.
Spoiling my image, smiling with spinach.
The beginning shouldn't be the end
Cocktail swords make me feel powerful.
She craves pickles and ice cream.
Her ear-piercing screams drew wicked smiles.
More than friends. Less than lovers.
Afraid to love. History always repeats.
"I sentence thee. Kneel". *shink* *thud*
Hello what once was my world...
Oh, I didn't let you go.
Wonder if She knows He exists.
Wonder if She knows that He exists.
We surpass all pop-psychology frontiers.
"No Strings Attached" Him not Her.
Always wanted to fly like a bird.
Don't date robots. Don't date narcissists.
I said no, but you continued.
Extraterrestrials reach earth. Greet whales first.
Voyager intercepted. Serenity sells for scrap.
I need to hear you whimper.
Frozen corpse... Hand inches from switch
Relationship reset: Stopped sarcasm. Started Listening.
I broke the rules to this sub.
Spreading happiness is the best story
a letter. "goodbye love. i'm sorry."
a letter. "goodbye love, i'm sorry."
"glad you moved on", she lied
searchin' for pieces, picking myself up.
what i did, just wasn't it.
wave me goodbye one last time
Do or die. Don't die though.
Bit the bullet, having trouble digesting.
The car never saw his shadow.
Prisons that we built with loneliness
Insanity is repeating the same mistakes
Pirate arrives in Hell. Spots leg!
Tell kids? "We met on Tinder."
Battle of life and death. Insignificant.
Movie time. Popcorn, blanket and alone.
Beer, beer, beer; Bed, bed bed.
He's always pulling my seams apart.
Dont leave me hanging in tears
Just give me a sign babe
Magician tearfully makes engagement ring disappear
He's cold cuts, not hot links.
Don't say "Headache" to her husband.
Simon says: "Write a narrative sentence."
And then there were one more.
You forgot to set the alarm.
Missing suitcase. Wife says, "Let's talk".
Terrible artwork! My offer? Sixty-thousand.
My favourite porn category? "Sleeping Girlfriend".
He returned wounded, fractured, but loving.
Harry the hamster turns apex predator.
Memory palace collapses. Lenny forgets milk.
Mods are asleep I'm doing seven words
In love for the last time
Death came. Anticipation of rebirth began.
Spread your legs, he said playfully.
"Give Ban!" thousands of redditors yelled
My mistakes were her climax moments
My peace always starts with her
Her beauty is a cruel world
"Whose the father?" "I don't know."
I wish you listened to me.
He's the muse of my libido.
He always finds my soft spot.
Unaccosted Parenthood: not for the poor
I hope to hear your voice
She lost everything in one word.
My mind is shit, can't remember.
He forgot the count almost immediately.
He couldn't stand the boredom. Over!
The "feels"! Wink and a nod.
Sycophants: Succulents, Grown in Glowing Praise.
Sitting outside the yacht club, drinking..
She refused to follow the directions.
Dont worry I still love you.
Two Sous chefs sue chef too
You can never go back home.
Proportions, measures, tempo. An ordinary world.
This is not the entire story.
Panic at disco! No mirror ball.
"Drink with us, lucky traveler. Stay."
swung the bat, crowd goes silent
anger, revelation, plotting, action, worry
I had one. Zero was better
The honeymoon is over. What now?
Trapped by need for instant gratification
Reality so painful oblivion became preferable
Today's headline. Tomorrow's bird cage liner.
Sought Asylum. Separated. Deported without child.
For sale. Diamond ring. Worn twice.
Chocolate chip cookies for breakfast.
Haven't you taken enough from me?
Your smelly armpits. I hate summer.
Fall in Love. Stay loved. Journey.
Fuck. Mom found the poop sock
I have cancer. Please stop staring.
Can tomorrow be a good day?
You pissed it away,old man.
I got the munchies bad bro
The lions ate very well today.
She won't take it lying down.
Just one last time, holding you.
Moving forward editing out ancient history.
She's still there...in my mind.
Eye contact: awkward. Sticking with boobs.
Expired relationship left a bitter aftertaste.
About summer , say more all tears
Fireworks exploded and I went back.
Scientists dismayed, alien communication just spam.
This is that sign you seek.
He went out with a bang.
Father bottle fed his wife's murderer.
"You're a virgin for a reason."
Female? It's an older ID card.
Sorry Veteran, socks sold in pairs.
In reality, I made you up.
Lies
Am I crazy? Seems like no
It really do be like this
Only thing scaring her, is herself.
She kept saying: "No means NO."
Sometimes secrets make it all worthwhile. ;)
Constantly missing my one and only.
"Now boarding Group C." I sigh.
Youre the stain on my mind.
"Now boarding Group C". I sigh.
Baby. Mint condition. Hand dry only.
The cat was the only survivor.
Blind man never saw it coming.
Do everything right yet still fail
Independence Day celebrations inside Detention centers.
Headline: "Claustrophobic Thanatophobian buried alive".
Selling Glock. Never used. Dropped once.
Three hots. Free cot. Maximum security.
i like her but i cant
Fireworks or gunshots? I'm never sure...
She is elegantI am eclectic.
Your life is colorful without me.
In love, but it was early...
Her crown of thorns was invisible.
I wish you'd love me
Fireworks outside. Furry babies snug inside.
Almost got away from her alive.
You learned forgiveness, I never forgot.
Fireworks? Not a celebration without him.
I'm smart! I've been to collage.
Let my mind escape with you.
I'm gonna tell you. Please answer.
"Why did you choose to die!"
Ro...ck? He understood. Language was born.
Panic. Key wasn't under the mat.
Her wink was, sadly, a disorder.
Falling asleep wishing you were here
"Are we there yet?" they chorused.
My six word story hit /r/all.
Once naturally sweet slowly turning bitter.
I wanted you, you needed me.
Happy birthday to my dead friend
Six Word Story
My daughter screaming. Ambulance siren wailing.
Famous Rapper mumbles. Bank account triples.
Went coprolite hunting, it was shit.
Any reason to talk to you
Whoops! My friends hate me now!
Steam Summer Sale! Reddit: Re-post Simulator
All I made was one mistake.
Thank goodness, out of sight/mind!
Slammed door. Clenched fist. She leaves.
I'm can't do it......
My best wasnt enough like always.
I missed you but felt you.
Don't want to live your nightmare.
Nervously picked her scab. Looked away.
He sniffed his diarrhea, and puked.
Money talks. Braggers balk. Wealth whispers.
Hope you had a good day.
Laughter echoes through the empty house.
We're all alone in this together.
At 3AM, she heard a knock.
His wounds heal. Her scars don't.
if only i had the balls
I should have wore a condom.
In bathtub. Eyes closed. Door opens.
Appetite said "yes". Heart said "no".
put that bottle down, you tripping
If only she'd loved me back.
Joker...his most-used trump card.
Cringe-worthy moments. Girls-night-out.
They died alone moments apart. Coincidence?
Welcome to fake breasts, real scars.
Bright blue sky! Fade to black.
Master will soon perform his mahasamadhi .
Six-for-Six at Dollar Store.
Trust the timing of your life.
Wishing upon stars in my dreams
The people were delivered by trains.
'damn.. i thought you already knew.'
She hoped she crossed his mind
With feckless abandonment she blindly jumped.
Real shows scars. Fake only decorates.
On Bended Knee. Still said "no".
When prompted, dead men tell tales
Toys R Us gone. Being a kid forever.
A silent tomb, drifting for eternity.
She ran toward the tracks. "WAIT!"
She stopped at the track. "WAIT!"
You are closed, please open up.
Quiet! Why? Listen. Crashing waves? Yes!!
Is this the end for us?
Was called "spry" I'm not 80!
Was named "stick stone". It hurt.
Was called "stone stick". It hurt.
All the colors of the night
"I disagree" said alien's second head.
His 'Russian Roulette' wasn't fake news.
"Let's get dinner sometime." "You're funny."
Suicide support meeting cancelled, no attendees.
"Your tattoo album... Is it parchment?"
Spicy heat is not a flavor.
I'm depressed and nobody really cares.
To low morals and high heels!
Thoughts and prayers sent. Sorted. Next!
He snapped his fingers. Reality changed.
Evidence points at me: totally surprised.
Frequent fake news trusted by millions.
She Cried All The Way Down
Fine-dining tonight. Fluffy, not me.
His hesitation lead to deadly consequences.
Couldn't afford life. Can't afford death.
It's easier to conquer the willing.
[AD2156] Pinocchio - I'm a real robot
Caterpillar weaves cocoon. Too cosy, stays.
Sad eyes masked on happy faces
"INCOMING ASTEROID OBSERVED SLOWING IT'S DESCENT"
I missed you; the car didn't.
"New Third Highest Mountain In World"
"We Have Updated Our Privacy Policy"
"Bundle of Joy" headlined the obituary.
Fixed the jam, ready to go.
I'm lost. Show me the way?
Gilead made some baby steps today.
Must have the waffle experience soon.
Time doesn't make it hurt less
Crossing the street (didn't make it).
No water, two men, one bullet.
First Day Dawns, 72 hours remain...
Now he will suffer no more
He orders chocolate milk on dates
Colombus, first illegal immigrant to America.
"Wishful thinking." said the pessimistic Oncologist.
We have failed. One week left.
Half Life 3 Battle Royale confirmed
This is all Kyle's mom's fault.
Facing reality; ripping a soul apart.
To whom it may concern: Help.
Quickly iced over the fingerprinted cake.
E.S.G.
E.S.G.
The cool cat underestimated his sourpuss.
The cool cat underestimated his sourpuss.
The copycat idolized the cool cat.
I don't want to face tomorrow.
"Bye, perv!", "Thanks for that, too!"
"You're disgusting!", "Thanks for the compliment!"
Wrote the sixth of my dreams.
Dear John, I can't wait anymore.
You had a miscarriage? Thank God!
We cured them. Cured them all...
Black privilege? Calling out others privileges.
Her eulogy was creative writing
My mom doesn't remember me anymore.
I hope I go that way.
What socks? My dog's tail said.
He grins ripping one. She glares.
What goes up, must be stopped!
Reality's line is beginning to blur.
There's no shame in my game
Invisible in Light, Shadow in Dark.
Life is easier after you poop.
"Love you!" he said, fingers crossed.
Playing basketball in high heels: impossible.
That's what she said, my dude.
Teal'C has a favorite word: "Indeed."
Getting pregnant is only the beginning.
My wife wears two wedding rings
He didn't know she waited long.
"One of the best I've read"
I'm more emotionally attached to house plants.
She is sitting on a goldmine.
missing you so much I'm sore
Normalcy is a myth, my boy.
Santa: there is no Santa, son
Cat doesn't know we are poor.
"These violent delights have violent ends"
Turned back time, love still missing.
Cure destroyed. Lifespan reduced to 195.
They were wrong. Love did win.
I am dark. She's my light.
Harry the hamster, inner apex predator.
Enriching the soil; not everybody's goal.
Ghost's first realisation - I am broke!'
Does everyone die in your nightmares?
Go-go gadget hole in the floor
Frugalness is a luxury I afford.
Tears of angst. Drought of happiness.
They're a perfect couple (of individuals).
Ill never forget her final breath.
His teeth stained yellow with regret.
Your future self doesn't know you.
Is the PLUS sign good? "Bad."
How long for guilt to subside?
Despite pain, you taught me love.
Today sucks already. Redo button.
Magician loses top hat. Misses bunny.
Magician lose top hat. Misses bunny.
Im frozen. She arrived. I melted.
Only her journal survives her outbursts.
Funeral industry lobbies cure be destroyed.
My enemy's name is my own.
Sleeping sweet dreams . Living nightmares awaken.
I believed Unicorns. You saw horses.
You believed Unicorns. I saw horses.
I'm his "person". He's not mine.
"Three minutes?!" Flushed. Refilled. Reset timer.
I give nickels. You give pennies.
He said no, She said yes
Is heaven possible without a soulmate?
Lonely dream, he said, youre awake.
Arrested for forgery, but I'm illiterate.
"I hide here." he whispered nervously.
There's room for no more brain.
Hang in there, said the executioner
Knock-knock joke comedian surprises funeral attendees.
Afraid of bats, not flying squirrels.
She desperately implored, "take your flashlight".
Rain disguised tears, only showed smile.
He returned her formula for menthols
Pokemon Go has friends! I don't...
Why did you lose your job?
"Moving box? Shoot it!" .... "Snake? SNAAAAKE!!!!!"
"I got your back." Mirror responded.
"Burning Bush Arrested on Drug Charges"
Thank god there is no God.
Days turned to decades. Finally home.
Awaiting his arrival, she plotted her revenge.
You knew it was a snake.
You just realized I'm a thief?
Life's greatest tragedy is beautiful people.
I awoke to blackness. Night? Day?!
Kurt Cobain swore he was unarmed
My soulmate finally visited my cemetery.
2048 - Ironically, funeral industry is dying.
You played a victim convincingly well.
I fake smiled. Respect still lost.
I'll just stick the head in.
"Let them eat cake" said Melaniatoinette.
Marriage doesn't prevent still feeling alone.
Makeup concealer didn't cover internal bruising.
Trust them for they always lie
He tripped, fell hard, further embarrassment.
He put it all on red.
He believed, but forgot to trust.
She tried to scream, but couldnt.
He moved his hand ever closer.
Get used to it, Rob Schrab
I am...the hand that feeds.
I was born for this moment
Koko silenced? The signs were there.
Rush in, fuck up, bow out.
His reward was an early grave.
Struggle. Make it. Existential dread forever.
Help! Deceit is on the way.
"Imperial or US?" "US gallons." "Mayday!"
Bedmates? Had dozens. With six legs.
Turning unfortunate tortillas into delicious nachos.
Her first love loves her back.
Never learned to put herself first.
"who am i talking to today?"
I bet you'll this read twice.
Login to unwind. Shocking News!! Logout.
Sit...but don't get too comfortable.
Maroon is navy red with attitude.
The Walls spoke. There was chaos.
I bet you'll read this twice.
Their deaths came with massive ratings.
I am very ambitious at first.
New inner peace, yet, miss you.
I know you're my cousin, but-
Look both ways, before crossing someone.
Tragically short, death in six words.
Why is everybody picking on me?
I really did it this time
70 killed. Hasnt been named yet.
She could burn a garden salad.
Friend! "Nothing will outlive your memory".
He lost control of his life.
People seem to forget. I dont.
Read between the lines. Empty book.
Sun's going down. That's it, breathe
Yes, a bath together sounds divine.
You started it; I ended it.
I wish I had tried harder
I'm artistically successful strapped for cash.
I'm a product of my environment.
Died, memories gone, rebuilt, immortally alone.
He found the off switch, late.
Let it all go, repeat loop.
Hey death, I'm ready for tomorrow.
She held his hand... keep going.
It was suppose to last forever.
She took her legs off. Individually.
AI is now the master debater.
All my best friends are fictional.
Child of Anti-vaxxers finally stops crying
Not like they tried. Or cared.
Balancing act: forgetting while becoming happy.
Breaking News: Death is Now Permanent
Real life hopes: Dreams minus despair.
My life documentary is mostly fictional.
Lancelot the perennially pissed off Goldfish
The future used to be better
Accepting. Rejecting. Indecisiveness at its best.
Gun fired. Phones out. No pulse.
The only thing that matters anymore.
She couldn't forget the nameless man.
Repeating yourself yet never meaning it.
"Omnimpotence..." god sighed over bloody fields
Why couldn't I just stay quiet.
Click ticks ever so slowly, waiting...
First date. She's late. I'm off!
Another Monday, Two Monsters, Video Call.
Beer is great until you regurgitate.
We have updated our privacy policy
Students get first hand job experience.
Exam question: Who's funding your degree?
Third place is second to lose.
Buzz blown: Susie Housekeeper was fictional.
Condoms don't protect you from feelings
The isolated sentence didnt make sense.
Batting eyelashes, wobbling in stilettos...faceplant.
A faceplant in stilettos, flirting unsuccessfully.
Bird got free, Cat the happiest.
Tried to forget but always remembers.
Despair was her only true love
Sixty nine. Four twenty. I'm laughing.
He hasn't woken up yet today.
"Omnimpotence," God spoke over bloody fields.
Seeking asylum is not a crime
You don't succeed? Cry, cry again.
The clown robusted that security officer
Susan, this sandwitch press is AMAZING.
"Hey Teacher! Leave Them Kids Alone."
I got tired battling my mind.
.
No survivors in cemetery train wreck.
Man versus Machine, Callousness versus Compassion.
Dinosaurs revived and promptly hire lawyers.
We must have flown around the world 20 or 30 times, singing -and -singing -all -of -our -songs -to -sold -out -crowds
Emily. Taken too soon. 2018 - 2192.
Our first times... and our last.
Ohhhh that dress, lets stop time.
One fish, two fish, Redfish, Bluefish
You cancel, now I look bad.
Better to be swaddled than swatted.
If a little's good, what's a lot?
A Clown cried in the alley...
Cure to life? Deaths sweet relief
Monster Among Men, Angel Among Demons
There's a kidnapping, don't wake him.
Late stage capitalism? Early stage anarchy.
Read diet book. Am now enlightened.
Four, three, two, one bullet left.
Love peanut butter. That's my jam!
In a nutshell? "You ARE nuts".
I simply wanted to be remembered.
You're swift as a coursing river.
I've never mispelled a word before.
That shouldn't work but it does.
All I lovdI lovd alone 
All I ever wanted was love.
Alive. Beautiful smile you have there.
Investigating investigstors of the first investigations
Detention? Fuck it- swearings too fun.
Diamond during daytime. Noisy during nighttime.
One bitch. Dead bitch. New bitch.
Cute poo sadly flushed. Never again...
Mods are asleep, post seven word stories.
Honestly, sometimes things have to change.
Childhood belief: Napping was a punishment.
I grew up where I died.
Shoot! And the crowd goes wild!
Not today pain/sorrow, perhaps tomorrow.
Future poets run out of rhymes
Her youthful face was a curse
A select few, will review you.
He walked to the store to buy shoes.
Stated, "I don't" changing his mind.
Smiling depression is what's killing me.
The voices in her head won.
Seventeen years became forever in prison.
IDEA!" "Baby Daddy" Fathers Day card?
Schoolkids eyes meet in shared grief.
She said, "I do", fingers crossed.
Mama got bruises. Said she fell.
Click! A keyboard warrior is born.
He counted the last school days.
"DEAF/MUTE, ANYTHING HELPS" *clink* "Thanks!"
After jumping, he changed his mind.
Unbridled, Unabated admiration never ends well.
Dodged knife, snapped, murdered in self-dense.
The strong should protect the weak.
I will face the demons, alone.
She would be the people's champion.
Something warm flowing through my eyes.
Remember the human before posting stories.
Suicide: A solution for permanent problems.
Not another 80 years!?, wept Baby.
Am I adult, or a dolt?
*sulk* Married ex once again - imaginatively
*SULK* - Imaginatively married ex once again.
A snake speaks forty eight languages.
I was warm, but still shaking.
When will i start feeling adult ?
So there I was.Isthmus trapped.
I always count the words here.
Bright light. Loud noise. Then nothing...
Spend it while you have it!
My cooking is almost attempted murder
Imagine a world we're still together
My deepest fear: Your closest reality.
Craigslist: Free Baby Shoes. Rehoming Fee.
Youth suicide only cures one thing.
Turns out the monsters fear us.
Blind people see me for me
On her 33rd birthday, she died.
I remember her when I floss
An hour before alarm. Still awake.
She lied: There were no seashells.
You vs. Me vs. The World
Captain Morgan was his designated driver.
Needed you. Nobody cared. Died invisible.
Greatest Jedi victory: naming death sticks.
In mirror: someone who loves you.
I lay stagnant upon fresh air
Good, fine, better, knob keeps turning.
Throw away your talent, no-one cares.
Should've been me, I deserved it!
You make me feel so small.
Every contact: Message Delivered. No responses.
Now, the wilderness will reclaim everything.
Trap door opened. Sharp teeth. Darkness.
Went out with style. Died Happy.
Restart after sleep taking whole day.
I'm not worth any real investment.
You found me: Now off grid.
received card yesterday; today maxed out
Could've. Would've. Should've paid the IRS.
Character development; from callous into caring.
You have flashy smile; funeral eyes.
Likin' the cut of his jib.
Baryard hoedown: Not enough boxed wine!
37 pounds, replied the exasperated woodchuck.
Take for granted: Fresh toilet bowl!
"Bachelorette's on!" Yes! No thinking involved.
"It's nothing." No, might be something.
You feel joy. I feel sorrow.
Who was that? Uh... no one.
My escape plane doesn't involve you.
Me or the dog! chose dog.
Almost got away, lost in r/KarmaCourt
Please help me escape daily torture
Damn, six words is rarely enough.
Her beauty is only skin deep.
Hard-headed man-babies are best.
His love is an isolated storm.
We're background actors in your story.
Gorgeous girl till she blew chunks.
Simple answer: I don't care anymore.
My only pain is your pain.
Heart-wrenchingly, he never grew into them.
You forgot my birthday. Yours blew!
Light years away... Aliens looked shocked.
World: seven billion people... and alone.
Only Reddit has partyless cake days.
Creating things to look forward to. =)
We should kill the word euthanasia.
Don't feel sorry for second place.
You said it would be painless.
Didn't mean to startle you! Well.
His lifeless back slapped against concrete.
So much for never looking back.
Invent something like snow, called "DBuyherxandohandoAWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
One man... one fish... TWO MONIBULObibuloSMAYSMAYSmaySMAYSMAYMEN
Update Steam? Update STEAM??? FUCK STEAM!!!!!!!
Warriors in four. LeBrons out....again!
Trumpism is no match for AntiNoMoreStillNeverMyTrumpism.
His million dollar smile is mine.
A clown... but a bad clown.
There's no lies like family lies.
'Parallel Realities', book by Adolf Einstein.
"I know Ima get downvoted but,"
Numb yet still miss your charm.
Should've doubled. Would've tripled. Could've won.
I'm speechless. Still, the silent treatment.
What if we all suddently died?
It has been a weird week.
The Church was full of bodies.
Ideology is embedded in language, Remember.
I hate your haircut...just kidding!
She never listens to me anyway
This mime has something to say
RIGID RABID SUPERFICIALLY JUSTIFIED POLITICAL BELIEF!!!
It's for a Church honey, NEXT!
Political Promises Made. Promises Predictably Broken.
I didn't see the car coming.
He didn't even leave a note
The numbness dam broke. Feelings flooded.
I know something you dont know.
Day off: slept in until 5:30am.
Maybe just use more duct tape.
Buried in words to uncover six.
Nine one one, what's your emergency?
Sold: Hemingway's used baby shoe collection.
Hello darkness, my old friend....
Deeply, desperately trying to love you.
She orgasmed as she killed him.
I never win the waiting game.
Rayna shoulda called her label "Hwy666"
In 1812 the White House burned.
Storytellers silently struggle scrawling six-word stories.
Attempted self fellation, soiled himself instead.
Run: learned from our memories together.
I'm homeless but have a Mcjob.
Panic room failure... So much blood...
Through her, I learned to cry.
While both crying, we broke up
Snowflakes! Gun nuts! Another shooting. Repeat.
It wasnt his fault. He disagreed.
Why is birthday cake so good?
Are positive stories harder to write?
"She raped you?" That's not possible.
When you lied my heart died.
Should have pulled by the root.
Night. Rain. Insomnia. Hot chocolate. Perfect.
Trained hard, ate clean, built muscles.
Another shot of whiskey, then another.
Lunch break, super hungry, tequila shots.
Amputee shrugs, puts best foot forward.
"Alive. But, rolling over," mused Washington.
I didn't know. But you did!
Its my fault she was there.
Single emoji spoke a thousand words.
Second Life: Lost in the Graveyard.
"I care about you" she screams
He plus she. That makes three.
I can't do anything right...
'She's the one', never said again.
That gave me a finger splinter
I'm not afriad of you anymore
Don't speak. Your face spoke volumes.
Nothing on sale. Especially those shoes!
"No shoes!" Waaaaaaa. . . ::Whoops: No feet.
He is never in my nightmares.
Whether constructive or destructive, deeply loved.
The story ended much too quickly
Soldier struggling, healing; journaling about PTSD.
I really hate myself. They didnt.
The optimists are not welcome here.
She's my daughter. Not the internet's.
"The last... blasphemer?" "The last stoning."
Listen. Ill say this only once.
Our timing has never been good
Perhaps we shouldn't have this conversation
Full steam ahead. Oh shit! Icebergs!
I will love not today, tomorrow
Humans are suffering from meta loneliness.
Dissappointingly/my haiku story lacking/creativity.
Dissappointingly/my haiku story lacking/creativity.
So much fluid in a body...
Smallpox was. Malnutrition is. Cancer soon.
Smallpox was. Polio too. Cancer next.
Alone without her. Empty, meaningless with.
Phone calls while cooking for one
Three strokes in 48 hours. Pray.
You can't kill what never lived.
Me, You. True Love. HR issue
I never relapsed by never recovering
"That's poison!" NOW you tell me.
Opened soda can. Ugggg! Chewing tobacco.
She pushed. First scream. "Congratulations!" Tears.
Hey Siri, wheres my furry suit?
Hello, my newborn. Goodbye dry skin.
Now I understand why dad's protective.
Your laugh makes me laugh...stop!
"Suckers," he thought. The world burned.
My reflection hurts instead of me.
Fell asleep healthy. Woke up quadriplegic.
It is impossible to escape bias.
"Give me my keys." Last words.
Endlessly...in the red. Seeing red!
She slept in bad dream houses.
Do you feel like dying sometimes?
Not 7,000,000,000 prayers would save them.
In foreign hospital. Found interpreter. Grateful.
Everyone disclaimed that fart including me.
Loneliness while being with someone? Deadly.
Have everything. Still need something. Tragedy.
"I'm Dr. Johnson, let's talk privately."
Nothing's fair. Get used to it.
Drunk on Sunday! Something is wrong!
Horny, but its an awkward location.
Sunday night nightmares. Hate my job!
Theyre sharing a drink called loneliness.
Take all I have. Even that!
Karaoke night. I dont wanna sing.
The dark stranger lit a cigarette.
GitHub died silently, Microsoft kills again.
I got too drunk, please help.
Look for him, you'll find me.
No return bear-hug for the sender.
Conservation of energy means taking naps
Bright night without moon or stars.
His diagnosis came during our honeymoon
Hey Google, call the suicide hotline.
All neighbors laughing. Barbecuing. No invitation.
Ask again, why trip on indecision.
His ugly old toes are beautiful.
Wouldn't wreck progress for one glance...
Eyes closed...counting. Ready?! You're it!
License. Registration. "Why?" See my badge.
No love. Just hate. "Thanks" Mom.
For free: baby shoes, worn once.
Never put your dick.. sighs.. unzips.
I am at war with self.
Amazing Peruvian lunch. Unfortunately got dysentery.
Noose of loathing around my neck
Please bring me my newest coffin.
Just existing between life and death
We are all just caged animals
Yellow means punch it! Damn. Sirens.
Wanted: old lover with glass eye.
Relax. I'm not a murderer anymore.
Known since you saved me: Forever.
Sleepwalking...she gets into her car.
Sleepwalking, she steps into her car.
Sleep: those little slices of death
Man goes to store; buys milk.
I'm sorry, but you're so wrong
Fresh butterflies dance in my belly
I gotta go! Nevermind, I went.
What Did You Say? "Don't Forget."
wanted: temporary children. job is recurring
some people you have to follow
Father enters my room every night
For sale, baby clothes, never worn.
I wish you wouldnt, she whispered.
"Money isn't a problem", said beggar.
Who at this table is perfect
The bridesmaids fucked with the groom
He absorbed its silent bitch face
He became soil years after death
To beat darkness bring in light
Like putting lipstick on a pig
My broken heart. Your favorite toy.
Rose relocates, realizing rambunctious raccoons reside.
The cruel laughter of the ignorant
They called me mad, until yesterday.
Workman's compensation bought a lifted truck.
I miss you after fifty years.
"That roadkill stew didn't sit well."
Brevity is king, queen, or... whatever.
She wouldn't let love destroy her.
In a world of six words.
She just could not let go.
He partook in Floccinaucinihilipilification of himself.
Incarceration deliberation. He use to matter.
Finally out... Let me back in.
For Sale: Work Shoes, Slightly Worn.
He climbed too high and fell.
My turn never came. Still waiting.
Wait, I turned the car around.
Here lies my son born yesterday
Silence.... He cried! The mother smiled.
Tequila makes my moral compass spinning.
I'll run the clock. We're winning.
Beginning, then middle, then the end.
"He's got a mouth on him."
All alone in a full room
You are everything that I need
I just want to go back.
What was I missing he didnt?
Worked to death, Ron replaces John.
I looked down in fear. Wet.
The bridesmaid split with the groom.
His infidelities made him super unattractive.
How to overcome fear of life
Anxious eyes followed as he paced.
KFC customers eat out hot chicks.
It's dark here. Someone's behind me.
Two men enter, one man leaves.
There once was an ugly duckling
I laugh when I cry inside.
I miss the smell of water
Why lose yourself to become them?!
"They will never take me alive."
The policeman knocked. The widow answered.
She fell down then fell up.
I, for one, like Roman Numerals
Withdraw. He prayed in the gutter.
"I am not alone" echoed back
Happy birthday sir. Table for one?
Built perfect android, loneliness, built more.
He watched his life wither away.
People bound like slaves, augmented reality.
It's not enough? It's never enough!
We are in past tense now
For rent: baby shoes, clothes, baby.
satan said,"let there be 9gag."
Strangers, Lovers, Parents, Friends, Co-parents, Strangers.
A violent mind lead me astray.
I'm not coming home. Last text.
Sunrise date, awake early, arrive late.
Not racist, kinda racist, racist, DEAD.
Humans can live forever, but nevermind.
His passport expired without any stamps.
And, after the silence, a scream.
I wasnt sure youd say yes.
Cowboy architect, "Town big enough now?"
Sad tears, replaced by joyous ones.
Yet another "It's not my day."
My clothes fluttered as I fell
Feels so safe inside the chaos
Do I take action, or follow?
Insanity is repeating the same mistakes
Don't blame me; it's your sperm
so much love, letting anger go
Don't even speak it into existence
What does love even feel like?
"What about earth?" - "Let them burn!"
A moronic tweet killed her career.
Ive finally decided... ask me again.
He pees outside entirely too much.
Fire truck fall into the ocean.
Departed Ireland. Arrived. Bottom of Atlantic. {Titanic}
Titan's inhabitants colonize gas giant "Earth".
This is harder than it looks.
Titan's inhabitants settle gas giant "Earth".
She told me she needed time.
She left him breathless. CD: Asphyxiation.
Stuttering gutter flies flutter by butterflies
We were made for each other.
Mars' final inhabitants settle on Pluto
Matching. Momentum. Memories. Mistaken. Moving on.
I Tried to meddle. Took bronze.
We knew what we were doing
She didn't really like my haikus
Self loathing eats away at me
I should have left you be.
Glue together the promises youve broken.
Now he rests at Arlington cemetery.
Those not standing will be arrested.
Mom, shut up. They are PEOPLE.
Once classmates. Then soulmates. Now cellmates.
First step towards addiction, swipe left.
Closer you look, stranger life becomes.
Shes always alone, even in crowds
/r/nsfwnews: Upstart /r/sevenwordstories outlasts middling /r/sixwordstories
Prokaryotes, Eukaryotes, Fungi, Plants, Animals, Clouds
Don't die thinking "I'm the greatest"
Everything is going to be allr . . .
A Chance to Say Goodbye Wasted
She didn't reply, but hated it.
Stop reading and I will die.
Procrastinating deadlines. Feeling stressed. Cycle repeating.
Regretted jumping on the way down.
Dads burial. $800 paid in cash.
Blinded; paintbrushes started to gather dust.
Harvard replied. Got accepted. Can't afford.
Grief and fear made them statistics.
Grandpas final words were as follows;
Ten miles down, 10,000 to go.
Motherhood took years, but ended abruptly.
"What if he was my soulmate?"
Christian Capitalist's Original Sin: Childbirth fee's.
Duchess of Sussex. Previously On Suits.
Moistly I miss your lovey hands.
Mostly I miss your lovely hands.
Dry your eyes and say goodbye
If I stay, I might die
The only way out is through.
He is lacking what she needs.
"Avoid pronouns. Better articulation that way."
Finally, the guilt started fading away.
Alien invaders were some hairless pink monkeys.
I always come up short.
Haikus have five words. This story has six.
"You lied. Tell the truth. Now."
Seek those who fan your flame.
They met once. They both knew.
Put the money in the bag.
"Don't tell me to calm down!"
Trump: Everythings all-White with me!
A fly lands on 'the button'.
She smiled. I laughed. They cried.
The reaper waited atop the mountain.
Tries to believe he isn't evil.
For sale: tiny condom, never worn.
I finally found your hidden tattoo.
Hey Jude, something terrible just happened...
Lost and found - You take babies?
Endlessly staring up at the stars.
Ill get toilet paper, she lied.
Cant poop, count to ten...success
My ex had me at goodbye.
The voices told me I'm sane.
"Remember to write me back, okay?"
I'll get myself together... Maybe tomorrow.
Six months, time hasn't healed this.
Oh, I'm not an Uber driver.
Found myself while looking for you
I am not happy at all.
There is still honor among insects.
Eye-drop tears do not count.
"I'll never go back there again."
Left your mark on my heart...
"What does your company manufacture?" "Hype."
"Angsty doesn't equal deep" said /r/All
Is suicide too extreme for this?
There was no Stan Lee cameo.
Won the lottery... suddenly more friends.
Would you please return my pants?
They met, became friends, died lovers.
Thirty episodes later, star wars ended
Low feels. Chocolate eats. Stuff heals.
Why is r/sixwordstories always so depressing?
How many licks does it take?
My soulmate finally met her soulmate.
The truth. Her virginity was stolen.
- It's going to rain, today. - Yes.
What Is This Clean Looking Font?
The cremation site today was lit 
Permanent solution to a temporary problem
"We'll call you back," they lied.
Dick pic. Two ticks. Oh shit...
Make America Great Again. Fake news.
Six years passed for every week.
Today, she woke before the sun.
"Why are you in a coffin?"
Narcissist: love bombs until moving on.
The bell couldnt save my daughter.
"So who is gonna tell her?"
In Soviet Russia, car ride you!
He was dead for three days.
Unbeknownst to us, they hurt too.
"You make me happy" he replied.
Every morning I miss the sunlight.
This grass doesn't look greener anymore.
Your life seems great! Run mine?
Ordered self hit, then won lottery!
solemnly, I dusted the donation box.
You wanna be rich, or alive?
Here today, gone tomorrow: back again.
If you kill me, i'll die.
Kill me now, or regret later.
Please, give me another last chance.
I swear that shadow just moved...
Choose: Be martyred / Die a veteran
What on earth were you thinking?
Too tired to love even myself
Dead vagrant identified by military tags.
Her eyes saw right through me.
Funeral planned. He neglected to die.
Vacation booked. He never came home.
I feel love; I know better.
She called me another man's name.
Like you, I loved only you.
Honey, did you lock the door?
Finally over you, you lying loon. :D
"Son, is she human?" "Most likely!"
Dont worry, Im fine, he lied
Over 3 billion devices run java
My spirit animal's a contorted filbert.
You introduced me as your roommate?!?
Duty calls. Damage control. My favourite.
Trump is a quivering, terrified baby
Ignorant completionist didn't finish their last . . .
I know better, still love you.
The liquor don't work no more.
I only lie about important things.
I can respond to your response.
I always cry on a Friday.
Behind the clouds, the sun remained.
Send Royals, Guns and Lava. Dad....
Time moved on. She did not.
Sorry, we only saved your child.
Type AB? Yeah. ...He was wrong.
Last human hears a telephone ringing.
She needed nothing, but coveted everything.
They only wake up for work.
Hell is a place without reason.
She threw me under the bus.
Not even time would stop them.
I can't find others before myself.
Tinder date. Blackout. Pain. Missing kidney.
Life has become an unceasing nightmare
Dreams are all I have left.
Balloon Animals, don't make hypoallergenic pets
Do you accept cuddles as currency?
You're not defeated; you're in repair.
I just came in my pants.
She saw no reflect in mirror
Yes, he was better than you.
Husband said no. Widow said yes.
You made trying worthwhile. What now?
Long story short, humans are doomed.
Her dying words were soon forgotten.
It just takes one deep breath
My dads been replaced by Google.
Hold my hand? It's over there.
I still regret not kissing her.
"No more nuclear weapons? Sure!" *wink*
His kisses fit her neck perfectly.
Im scared... please hold my hand.
Serial killer: "You only kill once."
I'll start trying tomorrow, I swear.
Beat of broken heart resounded quietly.
The cat made me do it.
Amnesia pills... what was I saying?
Thunder, from your tears, deafens me.
Today's the day I tell her.
Exponential i pi equals minus one
Mommy, why's the flag full mast?
You didn't change, your lies did.
He soldiered on. Then he died.
Reopen the wound, restart the clock
Blessed are those born into wealth.
The ladder collapsed. Also the ankle.
everything changed after that first kiss
Never again! Alright just one more.
My cat is over the kjoljoljouygjuygjuygjdaswaswaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
We only meet when i'm sleeping.
She lovingly raised her eventual murderer.
Somehow, cycling more uphills than down
The good Americans are secretly Canadians.
I'm not okay. Trust me.
Giving him hope, she flew away.
Maybe that unpopular post was sarcastic.
They loved him, but he disappeared.
Nothing had ever felt so right.
Six words: the soul of wit.
First Mother's day spent alone graveside.
Does the earth breathe? No stupid.
Worlds shortest poem Fleas "Adam Haddam"
Highschool, College, Job, Marriage, House, Indentured
TW: mention of writing phd thesis
I am okay. Edit: a word.
I'll never feel her heart beat.
Found her ring at a pawnshop
Emojis are not words, you dummy 
Transformative epiphany dissipates on ride home.
God stopped hearing prayers years ago.
The only thing constant is change.
When I poop, I care what.
"Old is new again" read repost.
Dawn rises on my new dreams.
You seemed real, yet ghosted again.
You are not the real thing.
Smells like an admission to me.
He's not gold, just fool's gold
For an instant, I understood everything.
Salary:100k, Status: Poor and Indebted
"Daddy, there's a man behind you."
You should have a personality transplant.
Her lipstick cigarette, his worst memory.
Life saving operation. Side effects: Depression
Wifes favorite for one, he said.
The President farted. No one complained.
Almost everyone has a personal story.
Sphincter opens, fart whispers, shit escapes.
I died inside after my burial.
Hours were an eternity for them.
Name: Undecided. Everything else: Already chosen.
He only ever impacted the sidewalk.
For sale. Wheelchair. A miracle happened.
Five months sober today. Who cares!
My reflection waved at me again.
Hockey stick broke again, no goal.
I never color within the lines either.
Live on fast food die middleaged.
Her cat lived to be older
Its been five years....forgive me...
Our clothes are both 50% off!
Guess Im going grocery shopping tomorrow
Scratching them just makes it worse
Squish! Ack! Ew! Stepped in mashies.
Hairless men competed in the Balderdash.
When 1 cheat meal becomes 2
Painting his life, world without color.
Dangling scrotum not toy. Cat disagrees.
It has probably already been done...
I forgot how to spell Alzheimer's.
She's gonna learn 'triangulation', 'gaslighting', 'narcissist'...
Argued for clarity; not to win.
She snugged her hood, soldiering on.
Born sinner. Must pay for salvation.
I can quit anytime I want.
You'll be safe here, for now.
I wish for a 1000 wishes.
But with more words I could...
Havent produced enough serotonin in years
Born. Walked. Talked. Hushed. Crawled. Died.
Gracefully, wistfully, listlessly, he slaughtered them.
"Free speech" (For a limited time)
I randomly put six words here.
He knew there were demons here.
The poor died of old age.
Religion: Because consciousness doesn't understand consciousness.
He's compelled to delete Gmail constantly.
See no monsters said the monster
Mods are asleep! Upvote (insert shitpost)
Mods are asleep, upvote ironic posts!
I never farted, it was you.
Leonardo painted as his subject smirked.
Mom's ghost will always be there
Money buys freedom? Paparazzi thought otherwise.
Family is your most important currency.
Their families didn't attend the wedding.
"See, no monsters," her father lied.
This Book is yours to complete.
He didn't call. Fate gave up.
I was the last ever born
I promise everything will get better.
Red flags. Red light. Red cement.
This hurts me more than you
Please do have fun without me
Disgruntled entertainer becomes a chair salesman.
A smiling emoticon hid her disinterest.
More comfortable to sell his soul.
Using six words to imply death
Please don't downvote me...damn it.
All the good ones are taken.
The toilet couldn't contain it anymore.
Harvesting the sun; nearly limitless energy!
ghosts of existents, we're barely here
He consumed Takis, Fortnite consumed him.
Was it those tacos? No... Beatrice.
"Are you me?" "No" mirror replied.
I hold Aladdin's Lamp! Rub...Rub...
"Polite repo men..." I thought, crying.
"Is it me?" "No" mirror replied.
Seeing our tweets, aliens cancelled plans.
Weekend affair revisited... nine months later
He's in Scranton. Sitcoms aren't real?
Hello child. Here, have some candy.
Ladies and gentlemen....... The Grody Underoders!
Forkbites do NOT equal fortnights, Maurice...!
I am (as mapleblooded as) Groot
"Mom, my arms aren't broken anymore."
His poker face beat pocket Aces.
No matter what, you will shine.
He sat still, a hero overcome.
Happy birthday. Her picture smiles back.
"Wish anything now" "..really, shit...nooooo"
In the foxhole, the soldier believed.
Met Buddha. Bang! Not Buddha? Dang....
2 relationships down.. wine is expensive
Asking no questions, told no lies.
The chef is an egg poacher.
Not allowed to show mother's face.
Selfie with Bear. Mauled by Bear.
Peace talks resumed inside Kim's portaloo.
I met myself and wasn't ready.
Peace talks resumed inside Kim's portaloo.
Glimpses of summer beam, slumberous dream..
Old hope lost, the hero ran. (A May the 4th Star Wars Story)
The sailor lost his magnetic compass.
Need some break? Break your leg.
Except its accept. Accept its except.
Water is wasted before it's hot.
Disarmed, the poacher became the prey.
So many years, so less words.
Everyone from the 90s is dead.
Cant stop coming back from death
She loved me on her terms.
Demotion: man-ho to street curb.
Gaining freedom: no longer needing you.
Failure taught me more than success.
Expensive wedding turned to expensive funeral
Complete freedom is an oxymoron, sadly.
i've lost control of my narrative
Don't die with a straight face.
I wish I had a prenuptial.
"I'll call you!" He never did.
This has been a successful unveiling!
Neither friends nor life, yet remembered.
Today I learned nothing. Interesting, right?
I think Ive forgotten how to count.
We abducted the aliens from space.
Woman Struck Utility Pole With Prius.
That was it. (so I thought)
Black car, black suit, black shades.
He bought waterfront property in Arizona.
This is a test of patience.
Woke up shaking, damn these dreams
Defended her honor with my life
The island's deserted for a reason.
Broken window. Brick. No one home.
Can't wait to meet you, son.
Why doesn't she call me "daddy"?
My Ancestry test said 100% nowhere.
Autobiography: Good but not good enough.
Filmed entire concert. 200 a ticket.
Love fewer people with greater love.
The DNA test came back negative.
If you love me, lemme smash.
Within a cabin, unvisited skeleton remains
confidence of knowing you were right
She left it in Las Vegas.
Today's a mediocre day for bananafish.
Did my best, wasn't good enough.
Blocked her because you love her?!
Hours spent in morning D.C. traffic.
We flew home for Mom's funeral.
I used to be an adventurer...
"Beebeef beebee briebeef." -- Brown Cow Cosby
No hope left. Then you came.
Lost, like tears in the rain
You used to smile so sweetly.
Suicide is an option after all
The meaning of life... probably 42.
Are you okay Rebecca? Rebecca? Shit.
I play Pokmon GO, every day!
Roller coasters have ups and downs.
Is this an okay sentence, guys?
Cryptkeeper drops casket; a grave mistake
The fire took more than buildings.
Called an idiot "idiot!". Got nowhere.
Routine is the cousin of death.
Everything is changing all at once.
His mount's feathers spiked. Easy, there.
Liquid brown eyes. Just. One. Morsel?
It must be a full moon.
Atlanta: duel in Walmart parking lot.
His family tree had no leaves.
Have you seen the poop knife?
Note: this entry doesn't discuss phenomenology.
Standing opposite the unreal pyromancer starfish.
Hey, have you sounds our toothbrush?
The bird ate my last seed.
Got home, sat at my computer.
I cant seem to finish my
Home
John Lennon beat his wife senseless.
She wanted kids, he did not.
The hare never wins the race.
They defrosted me. Billed me too.
You believe you've won, I've won.
Travelers lost in a concrete forest
"Hey, Siri. Tell me I matter."
Tired of losing friends to drugs.
There may be poo in there...
I was Colorado Rocky Mountain high.
We lie quietly. He dies, silently.
There might be poo in there...
We're all rockers to God's mod.
I'll Help Myself Because They Shouldn't
Emancipate them milky slaves, Babe Lincoln
"Shaving." "But he's four!" "His eyebrows."
His Cell Was Made Of Mirrors
I reapeqt myself I repeat myself.
Since delivered, she has no liver.
Yes, burn it. Did I stutter?
Im too old to die young.
The child's fame came from porn
Death Saved Her From Endless Pain
Critical: battery level at 5 percent
But I don't want to leave
Overwhelming empathy exceeded her tolerance limit.
Found the chip, still no dog.
Mommy, when will I feel better?
I I have a a stutter
Dog ate hearty; owner's stomach growled.
"For rent: one case of beer."
Body for sale, soul already taken.
This story has seven words.
We live in a society where
Guilt killed the survivor's remaining life.
i trid to catch te knif
It mostly improves in intermittent increments.
Realized everything is buying or selling.
I prepaid my debt to society.
Fuck! Fucking fucker's fucking fucked. Fuck!
Tandem bike, only one rider pedaled.
"Voldemor..." "Shut the fuck up Harry!"
Thousand followers. Single flower on coffin.
Take the blade, make the change.
She has a baby. It's preserved.
Forget the ambulance, stay with me...
With a love that's true, always.
When I woke up I was 26.
One step further, two steps back.
My dad's ashes had cocaine. Goodbye.
Freemium flights: purchase additional miles now!
CAN YOU JUST LET ME SPEAK!?
My soul is fraying, pull here.
Dad! I'll jump then be respawned.
Annihilated, long before ever being born.
The elephant in the room evaporated.
Mommy trades my chemo for likes
I love you, Dad lied.
Annihilated, long before being born.
Okay so how many words left?
There're Penguin footprints in the sand.
Commercials make me feel good, captain.
You and I loved only you.
Sadly, her wrists said it all.
Dad holds Mom's hand and waits.
You signed the terms of agreement.
Givemesomefuckingspacealready!
Be careful what you wish for.
"Soylent isn't people!" the cannibal yelled.
This blank canvas artistically represents indecisiveness.
Digital concerts attended in homebound isolation.
The museum curators barricaded the doors.
*Inhale*. What, where, and why? *Exhale*.
No fee? You are the product.
Death, that panacea dreaded by all.
I can't create a story anymore.
I love you, but not enough.
Instead of diamonds, here's a Nokia3310
I dont look both ways anymore.
I can't play this game anymore.
After the accident, everything was silent.
Anything you want? Nothing, execpt you.
Slowly but surely, I became Gay
"Are you sure?" "Not at all."
Seated on porcelain, crowned with rollers.
Gradually, her sadness became her personality.
She asked for the dullest blade.
"Rape," she whispered. "Slut!" they jeered.
Time for benefit of the doubt.
What's five black people fucking? Three-way
Thankfully, I couldnt pull the trigger.
Work so hard my brain's dying.
Jason Aldean songs SHOULD describe us.
"Are you human?" "Shit!" "Verification successful"
Whatever, it's better than being alone...
She stopped reading because of him.
Haunted by the ghost of you
Too much smoke, too little fire.
Gone alien hunting, never seen again
You're the wound that hurts most
You're the wound that hurts most
January's white; April's snow is pink.
 helixes, but triple instead of double!
Nootropics got nothing on my procrastination
The world improves with every burial.
I was young and stupid too
Pebbles of life.. saddling our shoes.
Only the patter of rain remains.
"Humans." -Circled blip on CO2 graph.
Seize the day, and tomorrow too...
I saw no tunnel or light.
Why cant we understand each other
Losing people you love fucking hurts
The best is yet to come.
Pour your heart out, doesent matter.
Seems I'm shadowbanned from real life.
Bought gun; fixed life's final problem.
He was asked to investigate himself.
Don't worry, he only has crabs.
She is a one-tooth wonder.
He's my villain and my hero.
Means everything, he's my lottery password.
Tonight we're going to break out.
Im Captain Obvious said Captain Obvious.
Sweetie, why are you CindyLustXX now ?
Last drops were preserved in capsules.
Sorry mama! Just don't leave me!
Her left ring finger started itching.
Her right ring finger started itching.
Locking into rebelliousness can become burdensome.
Breakup, Breakdown, Break the habit. Repeat.
"It'll be over soon" I alledged
"I'll never forget you," he lied.
Natural food --&gt; Processed food --&gt; Natural food.
Wrestling comes on after the news.
The voices were inside my head.
Judged by twelve; Carried by Six
His eyes were dark and dangerous.
The wind crept on deafening silence.
Proposed, got turned down. Changed therapist.
What's the point in getting up?
Grandpa kept slipping back in time.
Dog foods still out, no dog
He pulled the trigger and smiled.
Its payday and im broke.
One life left, kitty came home.
No lights remain except the stars.
Tranquil lies tranquilize. Tranquil eyes cry.
This your car? Not anymore Riiiiight
For sale: 1 casket, gently used
"Hunger is pain, pain is beauty."
Her life shattered with the screen.
Natural food --&gt; Processed food --&gt; Natural food.
Where's the stork? I'm returning this.
All I hear are her screams.
She convinced herself she deserved it.
"Don't worry, it'll be fine!"...ha.
"I'm fine!" she smiled and lied.
Flying too close to the sun...
Leap of faith. Dead on impact.
Hello, Stranger! The mirror peeked back.
Guess what is in my pocket?
Broken dreams at best friend's wedding.
Pin in haystack: the final straw.
Spotify commercials at your wedding reception.
Wake up sober. Remember her. Repeat.
Engagement ring for sale, brand new.
"Visit San Francisco's annual anti-homelessness feast!"
You only forget to duck once.
I'll never love that way again.
My mood ring is always blue
For years, bullets sang him lullabies.
This should make me happy, right?
You love olives, I dont. Perfect!
From the stagnant arose newfound greatness
Narrow A.I. chatting up narrow A.I.
Narrow AI chatting up narrow AI
The darkness eventually drove everyone insane.
I looked good but wasn't healthy.
He deserves better, won't accept it.
"Chill dude," she lit the bong.
They stayed together out of spite
"Great deal on used engagement ring."
This is the last time. Promise.
Just like that I forgot them
Time machine didn't work this time
He's wearing pants that are combustible.
New obesity study requires larger group.
The moon is raised by wolves
Im deaf. But the trees speak.
Hows the steak? Its fucking raw!
Together were cosmos. Alone Im stardust.
Sometimes, I wish Shakespeare was happy
Happy stories have an end, too
The universe is big. She's alone.
Im an atheist. She is not.
Please break up with me now.
I swear I'll never drink again.
Been in love? In hindsight, no.
Ill keep swiping until YOU reply.
Incognito mode: Gifts for angry wife?
Out of more than 7,615,737,982: you.
Skydive became a little longer than expected..
In toilette, some shitty dollar bills ....
Sorry, not gay 9/11 yet, frogmen.
I found myself after losing her.
Her mustard couldn't pass his mustache.
Rolled over. "Rolled" over. Rolled "over."
The NRA's so hot right now.
She laughed as he lay dying.
Looking for meaning in life: blind.
Society
Suicidal time traveler kills Mitochondrial Eve.
Find someone else to bone, horndog.
They said "100%" and meant it.
Played the bet, to heart's loss.
Six words? That's not enough!
Left bed, smoked weed, returned. Repeat.
She didn't say no, just "Wait."
Grape filled mouth imitate animal snout
They will only challenge the truth.
Grasping the air for balance, flailing.
Aunt's heavy neighbor fell through floor.
I've tripped and can't get down.
"Don't die." It was too late.
She begged him. He left anyway.
Heaven's door installed padlock for me.
Infinite Jest: trigger warning not included.
All done, she's alive again. Mostly.
Always your general, never your king.
The rolling beetles are gratefully dead
What if I cant feel anymore?
What?" The time traveled said "Wait,
Married or not, I love you.
That's fine....I only loved you.
Apples fell far from the tree.
Help! Im being chased by turtles!
All I have left is meditation.
Their actions are now your consequences.
I unknowingly made breakfast for corpses.
She's the one, she didn't know.
Smart men sit while they pee.
It will be just about perfect.
You cant spell slaughter without laughter
you awoke to a sudden silence
The truth is easier to remember.
Dammit Worf! Enough with the cannonballs!
Mine broke. Her's didn't. Price paid.
We had to negotiate with terrorists
Rests in bed. Thats the life.
Oh, how I miss you, Saturday...
Tearfully, she replaced "is" with "was"
So Handsome, I'd be narcissistic too.
Sometimes old friends can be creepy.
Crypt Keeper, what you been smokin'?
He spoke lies between his teeth.
All good feelings are short lived.
Strike while the iron is hot.
Cowboy soon regrets threatening, "Or what?..."
Nuclear countdown. "Net, set, dul, hana..."
Pre archive breaks the parallel laws
No space, time. Everything's here, now.
Dad increased Mom's morphine dosage, again.
I give up. I let down.
Youre most alive before you die.
The new mirror showed nothing old.
I wish someone would miss me.
War: what is it good for?
Uranium replaced coal. Steam locomotives returned.
Ill start caring on my birthday
Incoming, notarizations required for sex acts!
What's the expiration date of cocaine?
Smoke-stained eyes cry: extinguish fires.
"I do kill but you murder"
Some people believe everything they read.
Erasing your marks on my life.
Countdown to launch. Ten. Nine. Ei---
Enlightenment was giving in to myself.
And then Dad finally did stop.
I miss you all the time.
She lost her mother, and herself
"You lonely little hot dog bun."
My best friend is Scam Likely
Eyes swim in the heart's disappointment.
I just think it's funny that...
New trees grow from ancient graves
I hate hypocrites, unless I don't
I wrote lyrics I never sang.
Dreamed we kissed, woke biting lip.
No luck, he stood under pigeons.
Aliens just love Wrigley's Hubble Bubble.
Cat killer Curiosity sent to Mars.
Children of Motherlands return as Veterans.
"Witch Hunt!" the criminal repeated, desperately.
Not Everyone gets Happily Ever After.
Not friends anymore, just Facebook friends.
Neighbors lost their heads. Mine now.
(Photo received.) "Fuck, don't open that!"
"You do the killings. I'll count"
"You do the killings. I'll count"
Lover's locks are souvenirs you leave.
Last known footage of fish, 2034.
lost: all hope, if found call me
background music revealed Freddy wasn't dead
No, it's not allergies. I'm crying.
He is haunted by her past.
Induce regret by smoking a cigarette.
Crashed the Maserati. Poseidon was pissed.
Starlight. Cuddling together. Faceful of hair.
I'm drinking to my success alone
Dust collected in her favorite chair
Growing into someone grandma doesn't recognize.
Oh God!missed galaxy's last transmission.
Love lies bleeding in my hand.
Lights are on but nobody's home.
DON'T LOOK AT MY EYE, ERNESTO
I can drown in a puddle.
Were gonna starve! Just kill him!
With lips trembling, "God's coming home".
Missed connection: The dreams I had.
Want to trade: Love for karma.
Oh NOW you dont wanna kiss!
Social castration of the millennial generation.
Military memorabilia and running shoes. Sale!
He wasn't bad. He was mad.
I cannot stand on my own.
dad jokes rhyme with bad jokes
dad jokes rhymes with bad jokes
They talk by flapping their meat.
This love has been shelved, now.
Her colors changed like the weather.
And she never really was yours.
But the Earth refused to die
A loaded die, a risky bet
That white board is quite remarkable.
Rule number one, The Doctor lies.
whispers at nights window.. hopefully, wind
the sudden silence screamed great danger
Missed you. /When?/ In between heartbeats.
No one expected the Spanish Inquisition.
Sale: Pet collar; fewer chew marks.
we were distracted from our lives
Back to sleep, the voice said.
Life is like Sour Patch Candy.
You are not my light bulb!
He grooms the vulnerable for submission.
Do now, or HAVE to later.
Still is still moving to me.
Too hot. Added milk. Too cold.
"You're an ambulance!" Dad snickered, cruelly.
Sorry, Theresa, the Jews were right.
My word means something, I lied.
Digging own grave, with extra legroom.
Sniffing Dog: "Son, never try drugs..."
Siri? Who the hell is Bixby?
Pregnant? I used a condom! Shit!
Card against Humanity. Sadly, Humanity lost.
I don't trust myself with you....
I left a plumber's worst nightmare.
The winds of change... are.... changing?
She loved him first, her last.
Parents worry when they hear silence.
Oh no. It's a slow dance.
Check his feet before you commit!
Siri: How do I love myself?
No condoms for you, thumb guards!
Vasectomized, still worried about broken condom.
Ex so hot, my therapist's infatuated
Damn. Her ass looks hella fine.
Pull your sheets up, fire consumes.
For sale: baby shoes: never worn
Pangaea to Gondwanaland: "Don't be distant."
He didn't die... He was rebooted.
Walking stick, with twig as companion
Google Assistant found dead. Thanks Siri.
Nuclear war served a baked Alaska.
Siri how to undo summon spell
I'm male, but I'm team female.
200 comments, each with zero points.
"Children of Captain Kirk" convention. Overcrowded.
Papa has always got your back.
Wasn't worth shaving my legs, afterall.
"You were warm, now you're cold."
This Yourself person sounds really inspirational.
To my fifteen Reddit followers: hello!
Clear backpacks wont bring back lives.
Wish. Wont. Will. Now I am.
"We're all individuals," they said simultaneously.
I do! I did. I don't.
I wonder if Ill be loved.
My biggest mistake was trusting you.
Its my nature. said the scorpion.
"Wisdom is bleak." Wiseman's last words.
Forget "living." I want to Survive.
Poor kid. The internet chose him.
No more snow in April, please.
A Chinese space station hits earth.
::Closes Chrome:: Im a fucking monster.
Where all the birdies is at?
Invested blood, sweat, tears... for this?!?
Fried green tomato sandwich: Happy, Happy!
You just THINK this is Hell.
He's the devil not in disguise.
Slipped into my sleek new skin.
You're a receding pinpoint of memory.
Book cover morphs , inside pages intact.
People are weak, betraying their friends.
It hurt me because it mattered
Regrettably, April Fools Day 2018 canceled
I am so happy...... April fools!
Three words can be very dangerous.
The proof is in the DNA.
Thin lips are like fine kindling.
Never felt pain like knowing you.
Brother-in-law is not right.
Is this Saturday, I can't remember?
No monitor can reproduce that blue.
Checked soles; narrowly avoided bunny chocolate.
The dirt reclaimed all man cherished.
I found the elusive grey hair.
This k yboard is missing th l tt r .
This k yboard is missing th ltt r .
Eat, lift, stretch, shower browse Reddit.
"Write a short story," she said.
He only loves me in darkness.
Find a better man, my love.
Fruit pizza. No pineapples on it
Whats dead is not necessary gone.
Meaty palms cracked the walnut threateningly.
Honey, why not try pineapple juice ?
Gunmans 15min of fame lasted 13.
Tiger !? I have a pet Panda!
You'll never catch up with me.
Death for ambiguous road sign maker.
Facebook: Mistakes were made. No shit!
Binary perspectives : brave winner / idiot loser
...detained? Am I being detained? Am...
He didn't deserve to die alone...
Together well become a crime drama.
Love? Love was never the problem.
God claimed that he didnt exist
The revenuer never made it home.
God no longer found him beautiful.
Respecting privacy says Mark who Zucc
All I wanted was a pepsi.
So many scents, not enough pee.
Fourth inking: A thin king. Thinking.
I'm in love with my madness.
The nosy garbageman published the drafts.
One day, you will understand why.
I really suck at self-deprecating humor.
The question is
Welcome to New Jersey. Damn it.
I can taste the pneumonia, Mama...
Another Kardashian? Who are these people?
I only stick around for her.
Love story? No. Our storys murder.
My boss, the drunk, says "Work!"
One Story? Six Words? You're Kidding?
I'm at the partiest bar alone
Walk a mile in my shoes.
Foolish: sometimes she thinks he'll return.
foolish: sometimes thinks he will return
deciding to live on our history
Met you. Called off the Search.
When you died, I did too.
Dear Mom ~ I'm still here... Somewhere..
I'm breathing, but I'm not alive.
My reflection blinks when I stare....
It's still alive! Not anymore! Baaaam!!!
I loved her. She loved him.
Even My Boyfriend Thinks I'm Gay
He would have been one today.
He stared, he smirked, he vanished.
I walked, and got past myself.
I think I'll go home now.
When I was young ~ fucking teenager.
Airplane mode once again tonight, babe.
Despite your antics, I enjoy you.
I'd murder for a Klondike bar.
I love the idea of you.
I do not love you, yet.
From self-meditative zen to self-medicated Zenax.
She's a woman. You're a girl.
Five zombies. Four bullets. I ran.
Suicidal Furry: reborn; sewing first costume.
Shake your hand, and he'll come.
I needed you, but you left.
He always smells like fried food.
Through death I discovered free will.
Ahhh! Please! Ahhh! Stop! Ahhh! Taxi!!!
This is what desolation sounds like
Okay. Dumped the body. Now what?
Mommy, why always with bad guys?
The drugs told me: stop drinking.
God undergoing mid-life crisis, ordered Tesla.
Reaper: Sorry, 15min late. Free pizza?
Tonto leave planet many moons ago.
Flipped the pillow, its still warm.
Sheep at restaurant: Were 1...2...
She'll wait for me... I hope.
She painted, I photographed. Frozen beauty.
Friendship can only go so far.
I'll always be proud of you.
She is the beauty I fear.
Located her corpse reading her diary.
Just another cigarette; terminal lung cancer.
Drank beers celebrating week spent sober
Celebrating sober week is over, cheers!
Incoming asteroid. Houston? Earth is gone.
Houston? Anyone? The Earth has disappeared.
Left for dead and on read.
Thirty years of one night stands.
His teeth are like the stars.
Will he hang before the ball?
Your mother died on your birthday.
Bought her everything. Left with nothing.
employed: too tired to be angry.
Open eyes perceive humanity's widespread brutality.
"I'll stay forever". She died tonight.
Oh God it is still alive
The sneakin' cat ate the jailbirdie.
He left with just her collar.
Mom asked Dad to call hospice.
Her day started by making mine.
Can't go to sleep. Tomorrow's terrifying.
Number 15: Burger King Foot Lettuce.
Sept hiut neuf, sept huit neuf.
why is everything six words long.
truthpill: old, mean, thinks he's sexy.
She is a vowel, I'm shy.
He choked on his own existence.
Bought my own surprise birthday cake.
Never be aloof on a roof.
You win some, you lose most
How do you write without substance?
Check r/sixwordstories. Still, nothing touches Hemingway.
Hillbilly Jim's lying through his tooth.
Hi tramp stamp cost 50 cigarettes
Life: joyless when without a love...
You're leaving us to "find yourself?"
"Beautiful eyes""Thanks, you want them?"
All they found were his memories.
Sadly, he will never feel love.
Don't make me confiscate your lungs.
Why do you hide your affection?
Oddly, my prophet was Stephen Crane.
Whyever was I left outside Laredo?
you give YOUR breath long-lasting freshness
Be stubborn; I will for you.
The needle falls, it doesn't pine.
"We're sinking, Captain." "Unlock the rum."
Do not return. Something is there.
Groupchat: only the deceased sticks around.
He should have used a net.
Smart men sit while they pee.
I scratched yours, you stabbed mine.
Syrian smoke sucks my skin in.
Even creeper rando friends found love :(
He loves her, she loved him.
Seeing dollar signs and decimal points.
They spoke only in what ifs?
Loves being alone. Hates being lonely.
Reddit has slowly turned into Instagram.
"I'm never too sure." "... you sure?"
She got even with lousy tippers.
After Birmingham fell, Atlanta followed it.
She gains rights, he loses his.
The answer is nothing and everything.
These stories made fools seem smart.
"Roll for dick size." "... Natural 1."
He desperately wanted her record expunged.
First day of spring it snowed.
Sat around. Complained. Expected results. Complained.
Don't fear a room, be it.
Car insurance doesnt cover lightning strikes.
The feelings left when he did.
Do you promise not to tell?
He looks exactly like his uncle.
Sent son, box and flag returned
Coffee, confusion, curiosity... figuring it out.
You tried; failed. I saved myself.
You were born in the 1900s?!
The pain subsided. Not long now.
The writer browses for something original.
Realization: she did him the favor.
The fireworks trigger the veteran's PTSD
"Call me T-dog!!" "Bitch please."
It was all word, no play.
KRUKgY
Death took her ashtrays as trophies.
Adjustin', Dustin? Handy, Randy? Ready, Spaghetti?
My boys ran me into gelatin
That's a robust Polynesian motif, baby.
She was the kind of girl.
Never inhale a bee. They sting.
Why didn't I think of that?
Only death can cure grandma's condition.
Saint Patrick denies serpents wiggle room.
Freedom: from one cage to next.
Helped more than hurt, despite himself.
My thoughts have nowhere to go.
Name and occupation? Jack, All Trades.
Remember me? Death makes me forget.
Time travelled, somebody already killed Hitler.
Gunmans 15min of fame lasted 13.
Most important element in comedy timing
He's working out; 12 ounce curls.
We all battle demons, mine won.
"I hate social media," he tweeted.
Your smell lingers on my sheets.
Mr Evil, try to be human.
Don't take the easy way out.
Not all learning happens in schools.
There's a monster on the loose.
We confess our sins to GoogleGod
We share a drink called loneliness.
Bad...Good! Stay...Come! Speak... !
Keep switching back to waterproof mascara.
typed mom's name into google again.
Varsity jacket. Used. Few small holes.
Free varsity jacket. Few small holes.
I am so lonely. 163 likes.
Truth is fake's faster than truth.
Empty, after letting the anger go.
Nobel missed him. Black hole didn't.
"Toxic"- is it me or you?
One step forward. Pof tufq gpsxbse.
My dick is big. Hers? Bigger.
"I'm pregnant!" No baby brought home.
I now sit alone, sipping whiskey
My true talent is actually worthless.
Earth is round. Flat Earthers worried.
Pigs ambushed wolf, got Santa instead.
The world's tallest giant remained seated.
Halt the apocalypse, Im on holiday.
D'oh! The Simpsons Curse Struck Again
Dear Mr Reincarnation, Once was enough.
Given 2 years. Lived 55 years.
Secret Service - Ask Me Certain Things
Prometheus diagnosed for pyromania and kleptomania.
I am innocent and care free.
I have about two months left.
I'm the happiest when left alone.
Marksmanship compensated for officer's failed physical.
Should hate you, but I can't.
"I should learn to juggle." -Atlas
Damp socks: story of my life!
Mr. Dick's tired of being beaten.
Love isn't needed, just mercy me.
Raided the arsenal; lost his IP
Beat the meat; lost his job
Ive someone new to obsess over...
Dad explained: the moon had acne.
Best porn Ive seen! Hands down !
Just another Paralympian story, dont worry.
Knees snapped, Theres always the Paralympics.
Infinite Jest: Dumbass waits for movie...
It was a most beautiful wedding.
Cold, alone, she breathed and pushed.
[Another post that implies suicidal ideation]
Took a leap; lost his face...
Six little words changed his life.
Dad trips over cat, very moist.
A single glance, my lies crash.
Warning beacons sound like distress signals
No Im not married, trust me.
Baby cries echo the abandoned house
"New nose?" the customs officer asked.
"Viva la vida...", sighed the patient.
We are but two lost souls.
He's busy counting his cootie cuties.
I couldn't vomit the pills out.
They should not have done that.
No coin for the Ferryman. Condemned.
'Hide' doesn't mean what I thought.
I always love playing your game.
I jumped. I then regretted it.
Guys: "Come hither" means "fuck me"
And the knocking persisted yet again.
It seemed like a nice cult.
You ABSOLUTELY hear a lotta stories.
Please talk to your urologist, today!
You should never mix two fabrics.
Authors' museum displayed his 9,001 ballpoints.
New Cities. New homes. Never belong.
The clocks turned forward by themselves.
Sales assistant: clothes are 50% off...
Sign said admit all your faults.
Vice: Presidential Dick pic isnt Cheneys.
"Your universe was a solid B."
Bus was late; the ambulance wasnt.
Serial speed-dater slowly falls in love.
He's too flabby for arm candy.
"Karma, only 41.99$!" Said Buddha Jr. .
Won the battle, not the war.
God may have made me agnostic.
None
Heart broken because of his boredom.
His life is a dirty joke.
Elation: realization that she had evidence.
Hi Jenny! Nope haven't seen him...
She's craving pickles and ice cream.
Light it, or burn with him.
You either grow, or you don't.
So...you're getting married, aren't you?
Study, study, study, study, study, C-
Hungover the executioner his axe fumbling.
One belief, stronger than an army
Pyongyang Winter Olympics, what a spectical.
She makes my hard work worthwhile.
Supported bartenders, but not his family.
His hand slipped inside the jacket...
They planned this for many years.
I wrote six words on Reddit
The sexbot was set to "tsun".
Wishing, hoping and praying didn't work.
Windows Task Manager is not responding
At the end, Madagascar won WW3.
Now, the automated pursuit of happiness
Happy hour thrived, till he arrived.
Those days there's nothing to say.
He's the star of my heart.
Tossed asunder in the passionate tumult.
He is the star of my heart.
Death is eventual, welcome back vices.
I'd like to buy a vowel.
In Hell, nobody needs tinder / matches.
We woke, with our hair entangled....
"Nobody ever asks, 'Who's actually Waldo?' "
God has his own existential crisis.
For $99, you fuck me. Yes?
Truth or stories? You'll never know.
Took a leap... lost my head.
So many houses seem so empty.
You either know...or you don't.
"Propaganda" made the belief "Common" .
Early bird dies; eaten by worms.
Grow up, you spoiled man-child.
Took a leap, lost his legs
Kissed your chest between the buttons
Two shoes, one foot. Seeking mate.
Went drunk to auction; left broke.
Golden child becomes the only child
Was there a guardrail last time?
Breaking: Alzheimer's scientist forgets the cure.
Hawaiian shirt and jorts. Charge double.
Swiped right. Matched. Sent photo, unmatched.
The games gambling, the names loser.
Control is realising, you haven't one.
Date going great until she laughed.
Cause of Death: broken heart, self-inflicted
"She totally likes you" "....She's married"
I am the grand prize winner!
Nobody ever taught me how to count
The day is a lackadaisical daze.
"Don't turn around." "Kommissar?" "No."
Only pathological fodder for case studies.
I think the Universe just changed.
Last time she said choke me
Baby just born, so in love.
Company is loneliness and a cigarette.
Found a child. Now in debt.
Don't you walk away from me!
Keep the loonies on the path.
He will always out cute himself.
Chaste, she caught him. Another sighed.
A book's cover, an ugly duckling
The book wouldn't zoom. "It's retro."
His evil eventually ate his brain.
Work. Don't want to get up.
I am doctor. I cure everything.
That thing really shouldn't go there
peeing on people is very fun
Chemo? No thanks, I have prayer.
The sun set on those feelings.
Cliche's encircled them like angry vipers.
Spent more than I made, again.
LIKE A RENTED MULE she beats.
The chicken didnt cross the road
We will fight until the end.
Her fourteenth cat became her last.
The spiders mother waited all night.
Making. Meeting. Mating. Eating. Romance? ..Fleeting.
"Daddy, you always say next time"
I can't think of a story
She was too young. Unfortunate victory.
Damn son, whered ya find that?
Mrs. Afton could never smile again.
"Where'd you find that one?" "Sewer"
I was there all the time.
True form exposed, unnecessary fit thrown.
The mystery he contrived swallowed him.
Looks of pity make sense now.
Manipulative cunt ruins a worthless surprise.
Snow reminded him of her accident
The shoreline was littered with children.
Jefferson revived. Watches news. Shoots himself.
Buffet plays the price is right
Collecting my toys, playing no more.
Won a few, then lost more.
"Not our monkeys, not our circus."
"Live without regrets" encouraged tattoo artist.
Difference: 22 grams. A heavy soul.
Take me back to the start.
Im my own emotional getaway driver.
Balanced on the edge. "Why bother?"
"Why?" "Why not? Death awaits everyone."
The stats forever moan my name...
Longing for home that ought exist
Accident. Mauled his cock on farm
I will die by my choice.
For sale: baby shoes. Wrong color.
The sails were two dragon's wings.
Meet him. Know him. Despise her.
Life long Army career at 20.
stop fantasizing, they will never care
Too late; the church is full.
Found this via link; no regret.
And then the screen went blank.
Rejected: "Not Human". Gone Fishing. Phew!
Kenny Schwartz unleashes the Sheeny curse!!!
The Empire did nothing wrong!
I can only give you everything...
Zombies. Aliens. Subways. New York life.
A strange bedfellow, death does make.
I didn't reach in to inspect.
Gotta do finals.... WHAT'S THE TIME!
"Saying 'I love you' costs extra."
Reys lightsaber has killed countless children.
Six words of freedom, quite enough.
The answer is no, I'm sorry.
Rehoming: Seven billion humans. Fee negotiable.
Batman passes away. Joker commits suicide.
Now serving T098 at counter five
Fuck this sub, all SJW politics
Wish we felt the same way
The life and death of Blockbuster
No...You gave it to me!
Considering the alternative, life is good.
Shots rang out. Trump run away.
Peter Parker murdered. Spiderman in custody.
This trumpet solo isn't the answer.
For sale: Negotiations DVD...Any price
Stranger, acquaintance, friend, lover, wife, widow.
Houston, we have a space fungus.
One shot, two beeps, last breathe.
Spent life searching for its definition.
I tried to hold a fart
I'll prove how great I am.
The finger in my ass
Six word reviews.   !
It seems like it's never enough
Teacher massacred students. Arm the janitors.
Grandpa, why don't you remember me?
Moved out. Built his first cupboard.
Hard work. Consistency. Patience. Rediscovers penis.
Mail-order bride returned in original boxes.
Gravity seized momentarily, then came explosion
Time traveling hoaxer, never seen again...
Everything's connected; everything changes, pay attention.
Last painting. Sanguine ink. Flushed paper.
Eventually, students regret becoming disarmed subjects.
Six Words Challenge
Found a ruler in the bathroom
Man defaces Pollock painting. Nobody notices.
He lied, she died, they cried.
Open door: all drama left behind.
Saturday night, new dress, new bar.
Buddha awoke. Way too early... Snooze.
Just found out I have cancer.
Everything is new, but nothing's changed.
Rescuers could take five of six
All my works are "blind contour"
"Stiffer now than alive," widow says
Fool me thrice shame on ______?
Paralysis: my fate worse than death
Please big boy. No! Help me!
The good days, pays the bad
eh, dont much feel like leaving...
Humility lead to my final demise
Humility lead to my final demse
We can't afford her funeral anymore.
Alone in a sea of faces.
Does the high worth the pain?
Congressmen assaulted. Children slaughtered. Who else?
He's so empty, he's human rubbish.
Too many almonds, not enough cashews.
Blink, can't shake a single vision.
Lonely, hopeless, frustrated. That's me everyday.
This computer is spying on me.
You're too late. The deals done.
Kids can be so mean sometimes.
Dinner for one, eat for two
This house was never a home.
Her starting point was that tombstone.
Biff Tannen leads the free world.
Consume me to obtain my power
I push people away/I'm evil
Meta: Six word sentences. No story.
I pray you never become ill.
Let me try in German: Rindfleischetikettierungsberwachungsaufgabenbertragungsgesetz
Nobody knew thats not his grave.
He's being the dad 'he' needed.
He's being the dad he wanted
Classroom supply list: 9 mm rounds
Shining hill gets higher each year.
Fresh sushi from a Walmart McDonalds
"Where's the mescaline?" The pumpkin inquired.
He's beautiful like a Venus flytrap.
Derelict rocket had a Musky smell.
The windshield shattered through her daydream.
Terrorists Hijack Passenger Spaceship, Washington Destroyed
Yearlong empty crib today got occupied.
I'm single and way too lonely
Words are capsized, I need rest.
NASA Whistleblower: "The Earth is Flat."
And the culprit is! ...the detective?
The pastor's daughter made a porno.
Beat one. Shy two. Bury three.
Guitarist breaks G-string finger a minor
My tombstone has aged quite well.
Her evil tended to be casual.
"He" is norm. "She" is mystic.
Aliens came, saw nothing interesting, left.
We're getting hot... I'm reaching 90
Im thinking optimistically for lent, but.
She only loved his powerful hair.
My College story: Magnoms, comes loudly.
Hypocrite, dont try to deny it.
Shouldnt expect much, this is typical.
I wish I never loved her
Lying dentist drills away all evidence
God erases "Earth" on his Linkedin
senatorbot caught in open source scandal
Human dies, baby born; humanity dies, ???
Announcing New Stream: Twitch Plays America
Dont fall in love they said...
Humanities survival relies on... A Cat?!?
I am not your Daddy anymore
*5* "...love you! Bye!" *5* "...love..."
Student paid her tuition in singles
You contradict the straightest of lines.
I wish she'd been a bitch.
Conservative gunman snickers at trigger warning
Type some words, for some numbers.
Strange, my trash smells pretty good.
School bus picked. Mortuary ambulance dropped.
"What if the population was...lower?"
She sighed, then it was over.
At least I tried my hardest.
Expressing my feelings ends in backlash.
My lips are sewn shut, sorry.
I'm a good man, sleeping alone.
No one told her to run...
"I still love him" she sobbed
She had surgery, now he's happy.
I pissed, I pooped, I conquered.
This thesaurus is my nonpareil consociate
He smiled: the baby wasn't his.
They didn't save their own date.
He's a mortician.Business is booming!
Self-important artist's art goes ignored.
Chill out, what you yellin' for?
Eventually you will leave me too.
So detached my mind wanders away...
Everything I never said I meant.
Either Weimar Germany, or kill me
Past, haunts, Present, stalls, Future, bleak.
Two tickets there, one ticket back.
Grade-A student, 180 pounds. Low-fat. Tasty.
Putting on make-up before the gym.
Suspicious, she smelled a strange shampoo.
My ex-ex girlfriend dumped me, again.
Ticket for one; luggage for two.
That's not snow. I love you.
Luggage for two; ticket for one.
Too late, you've sullied these proceedings.
Bite my tongue, forget the words.
"Hope I bleed soon" she said.
Lit fire to my doorstep. Thiscritter
The condom surpasses its expiry date.
Are we mourning or just arguing?
Sickness detains any hope for recovery.
I don't know who I am.
Once we click send...it's permanent.
She smiles.And sings to me.
Half man. Half monster. All meat.
I miss her more than anything.
He put roses on her grave.
I woke up without my needs
Got rear ended. Found soul mate
I want my old self back.
I forgot to eat again today.
One grenade and a hero made.
Nice Labia? More like Fuckslavery McSisterstoo
Atheist voters: "Christians can run Heaven"
I spent valentine's night drinking alone.
I'm pretty sure everyone loves you
Seventeen more children were sacrificed today.
'Couldn't have happened, any other way..'
'Times like these' said the stranger
Valentine's can die in a fire.
I love you. Can we fuck?
She's spending Valentine's with her husband.
Another February fourteen eating dinner alone.
She was healthy until she died.
Im your daughter. But not yet.
I want to cancel my reservation
Found rare truffles. Were actually poop.
Married, but not to each other.
Winning medals does not make amends.
I post in wrong subreddits, AMA!
Even mom left me at seen.
Well kid, bullsh!t makes poor fertilizer.
The controlled slipped. "JoeRo2139 has quit."
Captain, we are low on fuel.
I know the murderer. His name
I told her I never did. ..
keep crying me an endless river
I'm here for love and pain.
I here because of the pain.
Cake taste worse, when eating alone
Create profile, Date, Delete profile...repeat
Music echoed, the crowd never moved.
Father's dead. Why don't you care?
Left over wine... always gets drunk.
Rules: be attractive. Don't be unattractive.
Are you sure youre ok? Yeah.
Fall into the depths, never resurface.
Dear fans: I entertain for money.
Freeze frame - mid air - five second.
over retirement age: still working away.
Deadly fire caused by her cigarettes.
Don't regret things you learn from.
I loved her. She loved him.
Warmth. But the heating is broken?
What motivates you to exercise?
A small axe felled big trees.
"Told you," he said, and died.
Cooked bacon naked. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND!
Bacon: good. Naked: great. Combined: BAD!
Tonight I said, "FOR FUCK'S SAKE, LADIES!"
Last man alive. knock at door
He cried. She smiled. Nobody noticed.
Christmas lights brought charred family photos
forever doesn't mean the same now
All those found were lost again.
Killed himself, buried in a dress
Prayers were answered; funeral is Friday.
...WE were the Aliens all along
One more like; for a cure.
Managed to fool everyone I knew
True love is worth the stones
Valentines Day Weekend. Valentines wallets weakened.
Aliens send Tesla selfies before invasion.
Insulted, an angry artist draws blood.
Last man on earth. Or not?
Just finished the anime. No sequel...
Feel so lonely, need more cats.
His memoirs' last chapter: Suicide Note.
A man drowns in the desert.
"...The abortion is for you, sir?"
Fridays aren't the same without her.
Lying dentist drilled away all evidence
Nobody cares why nobody knows why.
Pens will burst with your permission!
Saying goodbye was the hardest part.
I'd rather be alone, than lonely.
They wound up on Judge Judy.
No fuel savings on that Tesla.
You're day, I'm night, chasing you.
This just in:Valentine's Day sucks!
Coins now worth more than bills
Why did Beatles crossed the road?
L tt r was missing from my k yboard
Handicapped man found drowned in desert.
How can I stop loving you?
Set a reminder, time never waits!
"What're your Valentine's plans?" "Nothing healthy."
Stop talking about me k thx
At every turn, he attempts robbery.
I fucked up this fucking semester.
Maybe in the next lifetime, Zaika.
I should've said yes, my love.
Please, will this sadness ever end?
You're funny...but looks aren't everything.
Vampires scientist discovered AIDS cure : Garlic
Abused dog cannot unlearn old trick
Auxiliary verb requirement mandated by mods.
God is still finishing his internship.
Drowned man found in a desert.
They're never guilty, but rarely innocent
Man altered Nature, Nature ends Man.
Con dentist drilled away all evidence
He loved her. She did too.
Bear my seed, grow our fruit.
The Starman started turning his head.
Taxi - Train - Lear Jet - Boat - Home
"The doctor said everything's fine" "liar"
"I can't bury him. Not again."
Playgirl unveiled, a special Daddy's issue
The infinite void tries too hard.
"I miss you." "Fucking shoot straight!"
Duct tape, hammer, pliers, WD-40. Fixed.
"Clean air? Clean water? Fucking commie!"
Left or right wing, same bird.
Dad's asleep. No shouting. Great job.
The torture did alleviate the boredom.
Confused, he watched his own funeral.
Couple Hears Scrape. Hook on Door.
For my son, I leave nothing.
Top post. Copy. Paste. Submit. Repeat.
Agent of vanity, she spent everything.
Mutual desire. Wrong place, wrong time.
Into the eye of the storm
You'll be sorry you said that
Bottle it up! Dont say it.
Ballistic missile alert? Nope, Tide ad.
Tape, fur, and gore. Rule 34
We're kinda more relaxed in California
For Sale: Orange Epipen, Never Used.
The attempt was naively, courageously childish.
Turn it off, fucker! shouted Mom
cold and afraid, he jump in.
"Let's split up!" repeated the traitor.
"Let's split us!" repeated the traitor.
Dead kid? Nope, fucking Tide ad.
Not The One. Unhappily Ever After.
Riding a lambo to the moon
She had never been unfaithful before
Tombstone read, "You only live once."
One bullet, cheaper than treatment
"My worst strength? Hmm, twisting words."
He'd never spend his impressive paycheck.
BTW I never forget a slight!
I didn't even say anything though :)
Thoughts and prayers for train collision.
"Get well soon." Sent, never read.
The snake made her do it.
I understand! Your pains are multifaceted.
There's like a gnat buzzing around....
Lena Dunham is all you, bro
Gum? Sure. No, I was asking.
DAE really like to have fun?
Screams "HODL!" all the way down.
DAE ever feel super asexual ATM?
three tours; 2 jobs, still poor.
The computer tells me I'm brainwashed
Sympathetic hero, epic quest, defies odds.
i hate school, kids, and teaching.
If only my warmest memories froze.
Getting pretty sick of your shit
Move along, now. Nothing to see
Does this napkin smell like chloroform?
"Keanu Reeves as the Highlander." Documentary.
"Don't go! Don't leave me! Mom!"
"Remember my name", but nobody did
Cinderella, 4.8X surge pricing, Call Uber?
Tomorrow, my name, your last name.
He bets on his own demise
There are two kinds of people.
Never Change. Please Change. Youve Changed.
The future arrived. Batteries lasted weeks.
Memos a nothingburger, sir. Uh oh.
Memos a nothingburger, sir. Uh oh.
There's someone haunting my home. Me.
The doctor called; go get tested.
The laughter wasn't worth the tears.
Shouts out to my real family &lt;3
"Dumb goy! I've been tricking you!"
Re the gangbang....not very impressed
Finally, after much deliberation, we start.
Poured salt into open wound. "Ouch!"
"Step forward when your name's called."
Splinter Twin: The hero Modern deserves.
SWS: Heartlesss, smarm-free cathartic karma farming.
battered, tattered, but won't give up.
No fucks given, illness obscures actions.
I'm free. I love my chains.
He fulfilled more promises than promised.
Touchy, touchy. Why so grumpy.... ugh
Sorry I tripped your wife's mom
Slot machines are just shitty ATMs.
Outsmarted everyone I have ever met
I travel exclusively upwards and outwards
I am here to fix things
I am incapable of being tainted
A Chuck Norris Fact came true.
50% Danish, 25% German, 25% Coptic
I'm free of infection and disease
"If captured, comrade?" "Bite down hard."
Sorry, life's too lonely with you.
Land of the free. Restricted entry*.
flu shots! Why didn't we listen!
Why downvote, trolls? Just keep scrolling.
I want to be ridiculous someday.
His smile always ended my tears
"Wrong coordinates. We... need to retreat."
Time dilation... I turned 300 yesterday.
And then they came for me.
Forty, euphoric ramblings,candles deny wishes
Suicidal twin kills sister by mistake.
Help wanted, but none of you.
My hair and my emotions: tangled
Flirtation. Resignation. All in, no hesitation.
He makes me stronger every day.
What are you thinking about RN?
Masked, his charm amplified many screens.
Went to gym. Cannot feel legs.
I bet being loved is nice.
Drunk, staggering. Shriek. There you are.
I used to love you, too.
I was fire, now I'm ashes.
Running through the graveyard, we laughed.
Dying, death, resurrection, evolution, I live.
Centuries later, I finally visited mom.
Learn to learn. Practice Practicing. Live.
Six word STORY, not random platitudes.
After death: just like before birth.
Maybe he means it... this time.
A gravestone with only one date
American Dream, sold to highest bidder.
Trump 2020: ICE good, ISIS bad!
Leave us alone, we're in love
Slow in the Matrix. Damned dialup.
I miss being able to breathe.
Woke at 3:33AM. Rest is history.
Putin laughed. Got away with it!
She cried. They hugged. He came.
Republicans: the wolf in sheeps clothing.
The Constitution was replaced by Commandments.
All the cemeteries' bells are ringing.
The walls were razed Raised?! Razed.
One look enslaves and frees me.
Tragically, the patient survived.
I'm stuck with a blinking cursor.
Proved innocent, but still felt guilty.
Government Debuts Children's Kevlar; Citizens: "FINALLY"
Today she called her grandma mom
Here's a match, Ignite your soul!
He finally fell in love again.
Damn! I should've known about him!
I never let go, you did.
Prison is home. Leave me alone.
"Make your choice : him or me."
Lol.
I'm just an average intelligence doge!
I'm just an average intelligence dodge!
You can run, you can't hide! XD
Let's cuddle.....I want to cuddle
He doesn't like the Nintendo Switch.
"Who are you, again?" asked mom.
I like getting ahead of myself!
Google Corporation will be our Skynet.
Talking is like hard like sometimes.
Talking is like, goes without saying
Run, grab, zerbert! Jump, squeal, laugh.
I was sleeping for so long!
"Are you paranoid?" "No, just annoying."
He finally came out to them.
The words never left my lips.
You misunderstand! My pain is multifaceted.
Once human, they retained vestigial souls.
The kids called the nanny, "mommy."
They accidentally swallowed a few needles.
Indulg'd benevolence across my features spread.
You're not smarter than me. Sorry
Clowns interrorgating! Dont make me laugh
Words were spoken, hearts were broken.
Her grave had only one date.
KFC poisoning, Doesn't kick the bucket.
Smell dog, eats cat, becomes chicken.
Drinks wine, eats bread, eats Jesus.
Do not fire him, Mr. President.
Years of marriage. What's a toothbrush?
Redditor downvotes anything about dead babies.
Eating Savoys, while surveying, The Savoy.
World is wide and deep. Explore!
2 out of 3 is enough.
White girl tried as black male.
Why destroy, when you can create.
Strangers. Friends. Best Friends. Just Friends.
They always show their degeneracy eventually.
Jesus Fucking Christ I'm leaving bye
I like savory but not sweet.
Mm, yeah, too salty for me.
She called with the wrong answer.
Learned a lot, I always do
These idiots think I am sad
For sale: A place in my heart.
A simple mistake turned eternal damnation.
The policeman cried, nobody did anything.
If she saw you, you're dead.
She was abducted by space aliens.
Firm grip. Smooth strokes. Calligraphy. Perverts...
Two dead, car crash, parrot survives.
Why am I so fucked up?
Bathrooms smell better if you flush
I love Lana and Lilly Wachowski!
No pills, Quit facebook, have Fun
FOUND: French rifle, never fired, dropped.
I lost my pants, uh oh!
My Sun Chip shaped like Wyoming.
[My Sun Chip shaped like Wyoming.] (http://i.imgur.com/FTwpT01.jpg)
[My Sun Chip shaped like Wyoming.](http://i.imgur.com/FTwpT01.jpg)
I fuck on the first date
The ageless will finally taste mortality.
I am the thief for you.
Peed spacesuit yesterday. No coffee today.
Dad, turn your work phone off.
So this is how tears feel.
He was telling Stormy about Jesus.
Something tells me I know nothing
I got the munchies bad bro...
Deadly jump, weirdo invaded our space!
omg......omg
"Don't call an ambulance," he smiled.
And I feel alive with you
Baby, maybe I am getting better....
Only he can tolerate my mouth
It's official: I am your girlfriend :D
Set phasers to Unreachable Itch. Victory!
Strum another tune, slay the darkness!
Sentenced himself to Death By Kittens
Can't hide from myself among silence.
Today I received some exciting news!
The Intensive Care Unit is full.
I'm on the rack. Love stretching.
The streetlights flickered off at dusk.
Galdalf politely excused himself and left
The streetlights flickered in the dawn.
It was a dark, stormy night.
Frozen tufts of delicate baby hair
In sickness, a family 3...2...
"We were a family once, right?"
"I've just signed your death warrant."
The victim will serve more time.
She asked her son to steal.
"Please. Stop.", "I wish I could."
Friends became each other's new daddy...
When is now? I keep looking
"Dear...you were my whole world.."
I came, I saw, I conquered
She has a one-track mind.
iPhones cant ring off the hook.
Chicken again? No. Tastes like chicken.
Roses are Red. Presidents tweets are too.
The train stopped, but too late.
It's a security issue. Nothing personal.
dead child, not mine, please help.
Are you dating someone?
Your stick. Remove it from my ass.
Made her bed inside my heart.
"If I die" became a "when".
Hear son masturbating. "come here kitty!"
"I never lied," she lied again.
You're in love with a ghost.
I'm sorry, I'm still getting stronger.
Scared you away like everyone else.
Positive Energy Adds Golden Lining Clouds
You dont care about the context
Lipstick on your neck, I knew
There's a skunk in the outhouse.
"Oedipus come in here!" "Ok mum."
She smiled as she passed. Why?
Gunshot. Blood. "Go, enjoy your life".
They came, they saw, they conquered.
America, exert blame, assume no responsibility!
She once lived and died alone.
I wish Id known you sooner.
Life is better without the News.
The stolen artwork arrived. Ransom payment.
He only loves my insane power.
Your ass smells like shit, Penelope.
Anyone can own a mink scrotum.
I loved him on my own.
I can change form at will.
Her words left pain not answers.
There's a lump in my boob.
The third time wasn't a charm.
Chaste, her virginity was still intact.
Without you this isnt a home
Occasionally, I dream of electric sheep...
She killed herslef. And me too.
The metal fingers pulled the plug
"I love you, as a friend".
"I love you". "As a friend".
"Honey? This is not your underwear."
Drunkenly googles: "How to quit drinking"
"Please", he said. " Sorry", she said.
Mommy, I dont feel so good.
she screamed getting into the ambulance
He wears jackets in the summer
Dreams only come true in fairytales.
Numb lips I cant ever forget
My brother but we arent brothers
deaf ears can never hear me
Too many pigeons, not enough holes
With you Im still so alone
Tide Pods arent snacks, Mr. President.
She exclaimed, "No, I'm too pretty!"
A.I. is sliding into Alexa's DM's.
Wanna know a short cliff haner?
Six word short stories? Challenge accepted.
Eat my ass. I just wiped.
He thinks I died last year.
We can no longer hangout together.
"I just wanted to go home."
My son, in coma, finally awoke!
Tomorrow is my 1 year anniversary.
From great expectations to shattered dreams.
My current resume's available on caseyanthony.com
Please see my page at caseyanthony.com
Why don't you eat my ass?
The "monster" just wanted a hug 
No one exists except for us.
Jesus has a favorite quark.
Do all newborns eat raw meat?
She loves him. Just not here.
Holy hell! He's full of spiders!
All the years were not felt.
Too cold to care about shopping.
Just parked. Tailgate party. Nobody's leaving.
Shockingly, the third car didn't swerve.
I should probably finish the bottle
They would experience so much more.
You heard the man Lifers...march! :P
Israel tourism ads cover every surface.
Non Serviam. No gods, no pants.
Orange hair frozen by nuclear winter
How can I live, without distractions?
Furious millions marched one year later.
Refresh the page looking for reply...
Does she ever talk about me?
You said it didn't have shrimp!
"You will never take her alive."
Hurt me, just dont touch her.
I only learned how to leave.
Can I be gloomy today, darling?
For Sale, baby shoes, never worn.
The machine will not shut off.
"Then he was all like, '...'"
Oh, THAT was the safe word!?
These Tide Pods are delicious, dear.
Burger King. Dairy Queen. Unwrapped Whopper.
Period stopped. Boyfriend left. Family abandoned
Are you drunk? ; No! He lied
"I started throwing up again, Mom."
"Fight injustice everywhere!" blared Clarence, charging.
Alexa, do old men menstruate anally?
Cinderella, Demand is off the charts!
Doug, no, listen. There's no "Doug."
Snow White accuses the Prince of ....
Hollywood Heartthrob Drake Friction Lives, Dies
Drown the world in my sorrow.
I'm not a teacher or student
Just feel quiet tonight is all
edbgfnhjmgtewqwwrhmnhgrewrefgfhbcngrewghn
Dark and foggy, it's perfect weather.
Dark and foggy, time to prowl.
Dark and foggy, time to prowl.
Caught mother reading "Oedipus" without pants.
Caught mother reading "Oedipus" one-handed.
One step, is all it took
One shred of dignity is enough.
Whisky for me, crayons for her.
Vampires cautious towards garlic-based AIDS vaccine.
Playgirl never had a fathers issue.
Condemneds last drink - A 5-hour energy
His voicemail is all I have
Sorry, soldier. You're not 21 yet.
God, I wish I was straight.
For a week life had meaning.
Awaken, worked. Awaken, dark. Asleep forever.
Dollar plummeted to 0BTC, nobody noticed.
His biography was the suicide note.
I am responsible for what happened.
I thought that never actually worked
Asked wrong questions. Never got answers.
Masturbated. Stood up tall. Felt Proud.
Watermelon... Fruity punch... I want both!
Vegan no more...vegetables scream, too.
Barren soil becomes ripe for life.
I sleep in 8 pine trees
I sleep with 8 pine trees
Left window open for the fog
Blackmail photos wait for big reveal.
He said louder. "I loved her"
Still sick - Time for Season Six!
Not again
Tripped. Fallen. Stood up tall. Ran.
Act weirder! Watch who feels superior.
He's going to spill the beans.
The crabby old fisherman clammed up.
Online he was a dream date.
Tide Pods: they are tasty treats!
The chair fell. He did not.
The Judge: "Wait!" .. Executioner : "Too Late.."
Her again. He let it ring.
Stygian puddles. Pink rubber bunny boots.
Heart racing. Protein powder. Homework time.
"Camera" made the relationship, "Look Great".
Some footsteps are not worth following.
I'm the man who murdered love.
"Equality of sexes" said the alchemist.
Historians later quoted his Twitter feed.
Once you are... youre never not.
...you can't break a broken heart
"Earth: flat," said no scientist ever.
Lilys cat returned. Limping. Bleeding. Purring.
Into the sea. You and me.
Children? Thats our biggest export article.
Last dollar fell down the drain
In my head, Ill never leave
Please, give me back my bones !
A dog smells its own bone.
Arrested. Tried. Convicted. Executed. Buried... exonerated.
"Those welts are shaped like knuckles."
Life: Gods Cryptocurrency. Humans: Financial Crisis.
"That's the third nanny this week!"
I wish I could love her.
I ate my legs usefulness away
The government sent him away,today.
Bite my tongue, swallow the words
Ill be back. But with cats.
"The internet can't cure your illness!"
"Please God, protect me from daddy"
Vanished, in a cloud of smoke.
The tree preferred itself to swing.
Please pass the cream and sugar
Brought my own jam to breakfast
Boat left carrying children; drifts empty
Please no! Not another celebrity president.
She died, but I didn't care
All the effort, wasn't enough "again".
Soldier came back. Brother did not.
Its amazing. How quickly dreams die.
Stories are told, when words RIP.
Who am I to be understood.
My nama Jeff. Its actually Channing.
"It won't happen again," they lied.
Next morning, he was a pig
Teddybear would protect him, from dad
Kitty Translation: "Tell Schrdinger I survived."
Guns do not kill people do.
A-weema-weh, a-weema-weh, a-weema-weh, a-weema-weh, a-weema-weh, a-weema-weh...
I thought she smiled at me.
Turn off the sirens. Slow down.
I should have settled for sanity.
New Snapchat notification! From Team Snapchat
Yes, your thoughts occurred to us.
Just one more shot she said.
The ambulance crashed on the way.
You destroyed me but Im fine
Hazy eyes stare back, empty space
Once you looked back, I knew.
She drank ghosts with her soup.
2018: give up or dig in?
A 6 word story about nothing.
Don't, understand, what, is, happening...*curls*
New Year's Resolution: Last Year's Resolution.
Food imports banned; incendiary runs multiplied.
Overlords declare humans unqualified to vote
Our hands dont fit together anymore
In ticket line. Movie ending revealed.
Youtube &gt; Reincarnation &gt; Recommended: David Bowie Live
1 ring 2 rule th3m all
Calm on surface, you remain submerged
My brother but we arent brothers
I'll do it, I need money.
Her New Year's resolution: "We're done."
Aw, you're so sweet... but no.
A vacuum cleaner that doesn't suck could either be good or bad
I Never Stopped Loving and Caring.
The cries for help soon died.
A big button under little hands.
I'm still sitting?! *shakes fist* CHIPOTLE!!!!
Learning to skate. Fifty. Finally fearless.
They both pushed the buttons simultaneously.
You can't tell at first glance.
"How's the weather up there?" "Nuclear..."
"It's happening again," happened on repeat.
I would if I could, ManWhoDelifesUs.
My ass is so mysterious... aaaaAAAHHGGGHNHGNGHHGHHhnhnnhAAAAAA
We loved, but she doesn't anymore.
Facebook makes us all big brother.
Car windows moist with our conversation.
Drifting asleep, to the siren lullabies.
He offered me a gold ring.
"Okay google, remove mum from contacts"
She jumped clutching his ashes. RIP.
You can't make up this stuff.
Selling wedding dress; worn by mistake
His epitaph: 'Here lies Stable Genius'
Manana! But today was her last.
"Don't touch!" Was read in Braille
Don't touch. Was read in Braille.
Fifth antidepressant. Alcohol still works better.
Wrestlemania: Trump/Kim - Hair vs Hair.
I still miss you...
tick-tock tick-tock click boom!
Stimulants, exposs, yarn; accelerants, explosives, fuse
Smells of linen, cigarettes, alcohol, gasoline
Dragon touched down with Elons remains.
You are beautiful. Believe in yourself.
Comic felt funny and died onstage.
Epitaph: James Allan; attorney at law.
I rolled over, she was gone.
Breaking: The first robot commits suicide.
Rate of automation outpaces minimum wage.
DVD's scratched. Gotta let "Frozen" go.
Broken heart received for major repairs
"GOD LOVES YOU" screamed the preacher.
"Can you smell the circus, Georgie?"
Religion to one, fiction to another.
Heard someone cry...
Forgotten umbrella starts a stormy weather.
Guitar for sale. No strings attached.
They almost had a second baby
We saved Jesus. We doomed humanity.
No , father. Not like last time.
Children are abused outside Omelas, too.
Igor Stravinsky was my best friend.
In the heart, not the face.
Chocolate is only sweet with sugar.
"I am like, really really smart!"
Trumps a stable genius? Haha, no.
Party of Lincoln waves Confederate flags
Mr. President, you are a moron.
Late with rent.Landlord brings food.
Went hunting yesterday, caught his hands.
And then he heard her whisper.
My button is bigger than yours.
Weeding out riffraff leaving the weed.
Can a heart stay broken forever?
Maybe we should call the navy?
Vivid dreams. Excessive boredom. Marijuana withdrawal.
How to Be a Motherfucking Pimp
"I don't drink (when anyone's watching)."
Hello there sexy! Oh wait, nevermind...
He did not flinch this time!
My dead friend's signed into skype.
4 passengers. 3 beers. 4 funerals.
I awoke at my funeral today.
So Dad, who's OUR corporate sponsor?
He laughed, "the baby isn't white."
Show dog tired of jumping hurdles.
"I wanna play, daddy." "Too bad."
Wear makeup. Earn less. Don't complain.
I took a huge shit today
I have seen you doubt me.
Where are you mom? No answer.
It looks impossible. Its probably not.
- .... . / ... ..- -... -- .- .-. .. -. . / ..-. .. .-. . -.. / .- - / ..- ... .-.-.- / --. --- --- -.. -... -.-- .
I was not her first choice
You won't live long enough to join Me.
Equality, clamored-for? Here you go - friends.
You're just what the doctor ordered.
DNA results in; Junior not Senior's.
Abuse or neglect? You've free will.
I HATE negative six degree weather.
"Go die." The Old Man Said.
Options were limited. Murder or suicide.
She left me for a righty.
"This means war. SAD!!" he tweeted.
Papa John is a Fuck Mother.
Brickbrownick said "NO", then Brickbrownick hid
Shes clever, funny, kind, and 17
Catch your breath, said the hangman
Tropical heat, madly in love.
Help wanted: one heart, newly broken.
Bloody hands question his righteous victory.
He could not find himself anymore
She never smoked, until meeting him.
Mr. President, your penis is tiny.
4, 8, 15, 16, 23, 42
Trump? Dudes got a small penis.
I only buy the left shoes.
Dreaming can make dragons of lizards.
It is Wednesday my doods. AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!
She opened the book and escaped.
Please... stop growing up so fast.
In now. Get what I want.
Peaceful Perceptions, Of A - False Reality -
Celebratory gunfire. Baby shoes now ruined.
Sigh...maybe does not mean yes.
New year resolutions were never new.
she swiped,"I'm addicted to retail"
shut up! I reddit for upvotes.
Proven innocent. Died a year ago.
Reject all institutes; be truly free.
The melody ruins the beautiful song.
Keeping people away is an art.
World-renowned inventor makes annual fuckable suite
Wholl join? Gatsby in six words:
New Years Resolution: no [risky clicks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ).
The melody ruins the beautiful song
I prefer it over ''real life''.
Shit. I AM the adult supervision.
New Years resolution: don't commit suicide.
We were lovers in another life.
"Daugther's baby, also my husband's baby??"
There's always room for ice cream!
she wrote for women who couldn't.
I die a little more everyday
Raised rich, spends trust on psychotherapy.
Abuser changed by becoming a widower.
Prodigal son never returned or recloseted.
Yes, nature is the finest gold.
This is what it feels like
The neurotic child loved ferocious dogs.
Ketchup on my toaster.Good night.
I live now to die later
They forgot the nuclear launch codes
Life is beautiful; living is pain.
Holy trinity : Me, Myself and I.
The alphabet now ends at Y.
Light faded as the heart failed.
Pertinacious Mom + Pertinacious Dad = Pertinacious You
No. You were first for me.
She smelled like whiskey and desperation.
She is suffering from bad wisdom.
You, me, and cancer makes one.
I want to keep these insults.
The tattered cube is a book.
That's your idea of a miracle?
I will stand over your coffin.
Father, can I be absolved beforehand?
Weight loss? Just smoke and mirrors.
Youre on Trump diaper duty, sir.
Trumps been erased from existence? Hooray!
There, the motherfucker. What a tool.
Ask me about my legendary modesty!
Expected entertainment. Received politics and disappointment.
Monument. Mossy, cold and tall. Forgotten.
Ate my neighbor. No longer vegan.
HOOD RAT HOOD RAT HOOCHIE MAMA
Just messaged the girl I killed.
The Billionaire is the people's President!
That's your idea of a miracle?
Monopoly isn't fun if you're losing
Voyager was successful. They are here.
Purchased Lies,Temporary Happiness,Lifelong Grief
A Masterfully Placed [Lie] , Created Everything.
Then he knew he fucked up
His suicide note was love letter.
Down 42. Down 35. Fist pump.
"You are lucky to be alive."
"Friend" removes "r", then "Fi" too.
He pushed the button. Goodbye, world.
No, YOU listen to ME, MeltsEveryoneInstantly
I saw Stomp. By myself. Again.
Damn! Look at what you did.
Trump's Twitter tells. TIME talks treason.
My fantasy is sleeping till Dusk
People hate you, Trump. Fuck off.
"The dog ate it, I swear."
I'm a series of complementary contradictions.
Gates unhinged. Wolves. An approaching garden.
For sale: baby shoes, never worn
My reality is outgrowing my dreams
Just getting feet off the ground
We will meet again, once, Alan.
An old friend rats you out.
Three's a crowd... mnage  trois?
Three's a crowd. Mnage  trois.
wet socks, torn clothes: still running.
"Married, huh? Your problem. Not mine."
Mouth agape, frozen. Oxygen tank depleted.
She never drank before meeting him.
I was right, it's your compulsion.
I like all the wrong attention :)
Made it to the FP again :)
It's not a problem for Me.
Shattered Glass, Broken Face, Lifelong Memory
"... being alive? It hurts... a lot."
Laughing the moment before you cum
Only 364 more days to go!
And then his dick fell off...
After good deeds, she posts them.
Discussion got political at Grandpa's House.
Santa Claus gifted his baby's shoes.
A year without a wonderful life
Can Christmas pleaseeeeee be over already
Well, *I* appreciate you. *Hugs you*
That's what he said last time!
What did he say? Holy shit.
You seem insightful and smart. Honestly.
You seem like a generous person.
Don't collapse at my front door
This device really saved me time.
Your sanctuary of childhood pabulum's gone.
I come here for the breadth XD
I have the breadth right here
It was a hobby for awhile
Good mood. Don't get near Me
Merry Christmas to my many enemies
I can't talk. You won't understand
Nursed a rock back to life
Your scope is bleak Charlie brown
Nursed a rock back to life
Christmas: stranger: broken window, no presents
I've dyed mom twice this month
Inner peace $0.00! some assembly required.
I love you all! Merry Christmas!
I looked away. The spider moved.
Above the joint - a teddy bear
Don't post "Merry Christmas" on Reddit
My family is sick on Christmas.
Norad. Whoops! Um, about Santa Tracker...
This group will now be "1".
Oh yeah, women who hate spiders
Women who pray - is anything sadder?
Women who pray. Is anything sadder?
Don't trust anyone who can't draw
Don't trust anyone who can't draw
Naughty poor children warm their homes.
We are sitting under our words
We danced for the last time
So that's where the money goes.
Can't go further. Stopped at bridge.
She broke me. As her sister.
They told me not. Didn't listen.
I knew. But I tried anyways.
Got the number, never the response.
Don't worry, I know what I'm .....
No such thing as a mess
Oppenheimer has got nothing on me.
My Mom Is Proud Of Me
She left him...for someone "older."
oddly, deep down we all knew.
My ganglia's strewn throughout the planet
They haven't joined me on Earth
I hope my family finds me.
Hemingway outdid himselft with five words.
Beautiful homes await at Slab City
The chronic downvoter has no life.
Accepted the ring, rejected the proposal
Your wife doesnt need to know.
Secret: She doesnt have to know.
Bra wasn't his mistress. It's his.
An innocent man had to die.
Soon, cockroaches will rule the earth.
Here is your Death Certificate, sir.
Wife divorced me; girlfriend dumped me
"Clear... History..." he urged, fading fast.
Just bored and LARPing as Ai.
I'm going to outlive you all.
Sitting for one, ordering for two.
Plan A: Murder. Plan B: Suicide.
Just bored and LARPing as Ai
I'm going to outlive you all
I'm going to outlive you all.
How can you call that beautiful?
I'm going to outlive you all.
The Pulp Fiction gimp's your God.
Bored of the streamlined and common.
Nigerian prince overcomes alzheimers, emails apologies.
His btc venture turned out well
Don't be shy. Take the L
Bored of the streamlined and common
...I thought the shipping was free
Coffins are little permanent jail cells
And the dog says, hail Satan
Shadows make for really dull companions
He jumped, then changed his mind
But I brush and floss everyday!
Hey, it's cool - I get it.
Excited, like children on Christmas day.
Stop with the fucking Hemingway template.
throw-a-way account: I'm gay
She told him forever, she lied.
For sale: wedding dress, never worn.
Sodom is destroyed by God fapping.
I died the day I left
She told me "You blew it"
Play the life. Live the game
I'll be in heaven sitting down.
Guys, Hemingway has nothing on us.
Formula for happiness: Lower your expectations.
Severe depressive episode with psychotic symptoms
"I'm sorry I misinterpreted our friendship."
i've been dying my whole life
Trapped by need for instant gratification
Harsh
Your Love Was My Favorite Lie
Shot a staple in my eye.
He crossed his cross-eyed kinfolk.
Deleting my account (Zero subscriber special)
These outlets have no ground wire.
Bleeding red, white and blue. Sepsis!
I'm out of plastic applicator tampons
Yes, but thanks a lot, no.
My bank account is strictly ornamental.
I jump first, fall asleep last.
"Obviously, the heist went poorly officer."
I'm from 500 AD, I bailed...
Smiling, His Benevolence began to seize.
Does her carpet match her curtains?
They promised flight, gave us shackles
Black left-handed jewish lesbian seeking love....
Be the reason someone smiles today!
Through this desperation, I sought help
Prisons that we built with loneliness
How to overcome fear of life
Insanity is repeating the same mistakes
Returning home, little changes felt most.
We were to young to fly
Instead, she rested on his shoulder.
Lost fiance due to pussy addiction
I was addicted, now I'm not.
So, how about sex? Any takers?
Dear Santa Claus: I can explain...
he didn't live to see it
So... Do you want this job?
Bad Company is Hazardous than Poison.
Jesus is back. He lawyered up.
Card declined while buying mulch: shit
Every love song is about us
Falling asleep wishing you were here
Saint Peter wouldn't let me in.
"It's benign." I sighed with relief.
Painful end disguised new beginnings
Hey.... so....... I *really* like you
You could have done worse, Nothingness.
Froze his accout, literally? Nice touch.
She knows why the money's dry.
YEAH!!!!! Dick Cancer Jackoff Party!!!!!!! yeah
Fresh butterflies dance in my belly
You are everything that I need
I thought, in those last moments
She loved cigarettes more than life
Actual murder happened on autopsy table.
Eminem stuffs his ass and raps
"Who farted," demanded the police officer?
Trudeau stuffs Canada, his Christmas turkey.
Their only cohesion is being victimized :)
Apple juice, contains zero % juice
Have you ever wondered, why you?
Officers wife cried. He shot blanks.
Reddit helped me from committing suicide.
Broke the bed making sweet love
"Better hide" she said, "They're coming"
Look! There's smoke.. Choppers inbound -- RUN!!!!
All the joy in the world...
......and without a word, she'd gone
Sentenced to life. Now regretting immortality.
Life's just a series of depositions.
I dont feel loved youre wrong
"They're real", he said looking skyward.
The soul isn't real either unfortch
Cheaters told me God wasn't real.
I was just practicing for later
Everyone is so disappointed in me
You suck so much cock
She laughed, "no thanks, fuck off".
You once were beyond fucking amazing
Wife: gone. Girlfriend: gone. Care factor: .......
My bulimic teammate ran me over
Low standards are still considered standards
Comments must be in six words?
Thought you were better than this
Even small crackers explode near fire
One night. One mistake. Life sentence.
You let go of my hands
I mourn your memory, not you.
Jane Doe: Dead. John Doe: Incarcerated.
I'd be remiss not to post
New girlfriend escalated him toward injecting
Long sleeves covered his track marks
Once beautiful it was now inhabited
The circle was way too small....
Blue pill: money. Red pill: love.
Training for police; harder than crime
My new boyfriend wears a uniform
Want to feel young? Try dating
Plan to suffer in my jocks
Wasted money on established Reddit account
Please! Don't make me a murderer!
Mayday! Mayday! The Storm... [SIGNAL LOST]
We stand for net neutrality, fuckers.
Her facebook, instagram and twitter inactive
I didn't know it was loaded.
"Love is just synaptic static, Jamie."
Broken condom: a life without parents.
The Last Jedi Spoilers: Story Inside
Two shining lights. Twisting metal eviscerated.
Merry Christmas, she wrote in blood.
Anthem in search of a people
He graduated today but felt unaccomplished.
Money lost value, he was richest.
Blind man saw his death coming.
Put down that gun and listen.
I blinked. Doll blinked. Burned doll.
Doing nothing on a Friday night.
Sunday dinner. Tuesday drinks. Gone forever
Father: 0; Mother: A; Child: AB.
A suicide pact. His second one.
Stop. You had me at "bacon".
A government, of itself, for itself.
Gotta be a wolf among sheep
Only vanity surpassed his massive ego
I never knew hate until you
Soul mates? More like mortal enemies
Do you want to come camping?
The best thing I ever did!!
I'm so glad we broke up
The opposite to love is indifference
Did I say that out aloud?
They allow sudoku puzzles in jail?
His misery needed company. Hers died.
He's big..... but a bigger coward
Once a junkie always a junkie
Damn, can't you tell he's Gay....?!
Lay with dogs - prepare for flees
I wish I never met you
Too stupid to read and write
Go and tell someone who cares.
Yuck. You have a criminal record.
You, my past, I've left behind.
Would it kill you to smile?
I ran out of midnight oil.
Finally alone, he enjoyed his revenge
"She deserves it, make her suffer"
I don't know what to say
I'm with someone else, I'm sorry.
Three little pigs up shits creek
She waited too long. Game Over.
We don't die, just lose meaning.
I deserve a long sad death.
My lifes greatest work is tragic.
Losing her arm hurt the least.
Realization of torture then became mutual.
When you cry, I still laugh.
She was like; OMG, WTF, LMAO.
Tonight I might delete this account
They survived the apocalypse. Soon regretted.
Net neutrality repealed? Blame the Republicans.
Net neutrality repealed? Blame the Republicans
Just give me the f@cking job.
His web history is episiotomical vids.
Something about walking around your house...
Their lifeless bodies pleased her greatly.
For sale: Running shoes. Never worn.
Heavy sobs filled their empty bed.
The stop sign stopped standing straight...
"Dolphin rape isn't funny!" chanted victims.
"...and this gap in employment?" "Classified."
She used it until it deteriorated.
Doug Jones won; hope still survives.
Popeye canned! SpinichCo spokesman was 'Embezkeling'.
I told you I was sick.
He's sick not criminal Your Honour
You're on after the yodeling granny.
One day, me too, will go..
She created the monster, then left
Let Me get my surgical mask.
Your company's literally worse than jail.
Your company's literally worse than jail.
Your minds simply make perceptual clutter.
Can you explain it to me?
She didn't just do the opposite
The Moral of the Story: Vote.
The house hadn't changed. I had.
HI, FELLOW HUMAN, HOW IS LIFE?
Hell, if Alabama can do it...
Lovely Lulu leered, lasciviously licking lips.
Two more sleeps until I know
This chapter of my life: Rejection.
When politics Trump integrity, everyone loses
She wept. I got over it.
Fratricide was invented shortly after adultery.
Like life, the needle was dull.
[X] Milk [X] Bread [X] Eggs [X] Butter [X] Flour [ ] Poison
Started not giving up too late
Three meals a day wasnt enough.
"You're under arrest for impersonating humans!"
Six words aren't enough to say-
Instead, he graduated to the afterlife
Six little words couldn't save her
Fight the nature of the beast
Say your truth and mean it
Please write before the morning lights
I'll love you through this hurdle
Time to feel pain. Hello r/UnsentLetters
Time to feel some pain. Hello r/UnsentLetters
Not all internet strangers are creeps 
It's far beyond just sexual desire
You cant miss what you forget.
From her very core she ached
Eternal pain binds our everlasting love
No good comes from looking back
Whoever cares less always wins more
I just have nothing to say.
Bedtime: turning children into dehydrated philosophers
So many regrets causing much pain
You were the best superstar DJ
I need a new spotify playlist
I alone, unpack boxes of our memories :(
Their twosome soon became a threesome.
The radio suppressed her violent screams.
His mother found the body first.
My father hit, my mother hurt.
Politicians, like chattel, were auctioned off.
"What's for desert?" asked Sandy, drily.
Do you think he likes me?
OH GOD!!!!!! I have a date!!!!!!!!!!!! :D
The pallbearers were his old automatons.
Flowers grow; but they need rain
Don't just get..... y'all gotta give!
You're never wrong when you're right
You're not doing anything I wouldn't
I came back for YOU, fool.
Six pregnancies, seven losses. Desperate prayers.
I wasted my youth with you
It hurts lying on your back.
Every little piece... just falling.... apart
Yet another hole I couldn't fill
You have rage - it defines you
You weaponized my fears against me
The White House reeks of sewage.
My tendrils furl around cash wads
My tendrils furled around cash wads.
I've never felt better, whatever weather!
I've never felt better being Me!
Soon I'll have kids terrorizing you :)
"It was just a dream, right?"
The townspeople gasped. They're being used!
She left to find out herself.
She sells seashells by the seashore
War. Just one snide comment away.
Every last dollar, every last dime.
Wife pregnant. Sterile man files dicorce.
Doctors just think I'm seeking drugs.
I'm what makes them good. Me.
Don't wait up. I won't return.
Never learned how to finish a
Do you still have my data?
Barack Obama elected president of France
Trouble with trouble.... starts out fun.
Barack Obama elected president of France
I've always wondered, what could've been
The story was personal, however illusory.
Turn on, tune in, drop out.
In other words: Youre never forgiven.
Killing relations with familial betrayal perpetrators.
I look ugly when I cry
Rude butcher gave me cold shoulder.
dreamt of her again last night.
And now for something completely different.
I really think we should meet
"I love you"..... famous last words
how many calories are in Cocaine
Find ways to stop the disease
Acceptance - Humility - Willingness - Honesty - Open Mindedness
....fought-and lost-an exhausting battle
The Fighting Victim.... blaming everyone else!
Abort! He is still a Monster
Death by milkshake. Total udder delight!
They know? Not a single soul
Are they happy for us? No.
The Phoenix rises from the ashes
All these words write My Story
Just calm down - remember to breathe
Even with no teeth she chewed...
It's okay to feel this way.....
It's painful for me too, remember.
The new Queen suits him better
No rush, let's take this slow.....
I want to do this right
Sorry Officer, my memory is shot
Never forget that we are family
New Book - number 1 best seller!!
Always open with a funny joke
Called upon to meet the Creator.
Rules? You think I care about the rules?
No winners in the human race.
"Wife miscarried; selling booties." Hemingway surpassed.
I've cured death. All by myself.
"Condoms can't fail!" said my father.
"Assassins were sent." "And?" "Weren't paid."
She covered his cage with blanket.
"Daytime or nighttime, babe?" I asked.
Pretend you're a Countess my son
Upside down and facing the wall.
Suck it or die, I said.
Im running with the wolves tonight.
"Is there anyone here who objects?"
Silence speaks the loudest parting words
Where is he now? The toilet...
I really should start writing again
I wish they were actual spirits.
Cloaked figures chanting? She fucking ran.
Rip asked, "Does anyman remember me?"
Rip called, "Does anyman remember me?"
Application is short for to app
I already looted everything here, Father.
I love you. I HATE YOU.
"I'll look after you!" He lied.
You fucked up just as bad
You don't deserve my unconditional love
You don't know what love is
One day our paths will cross....
My boyfriend's hotter than your girlfriend!
A different time, A new life
Looking forward to seeing you again
"It is too little, too late"
Enjoy conflict while you still can
Peace is inevitable and eternal Retards
I'm singing in the shower mentally.
I'm alive awake alert, I'm alert...
"What would a normal person do?"
Jennifer will call you a donkey
Time to go, the angel whispered.
"Say three little words!" "Exceeds limit?"
I love early morning red arrows
The drugs kept everything in darkess
Some words are better left unsaid
That day, she finally bought it.
Even his dog doesn't believe him.
Can you please be my Superhero
World peace achieved. Everyone is dead.
Biggest lie told: "Leave me alone!"
I love him more, I'm sorry...
Their hearts broke like dominoes fell.
Just remember the 12 step program.
Please wait. I'll be right back.
She grossly underestimated her inner strenght
The drugs are just testing me.....
Why can't life just be easy
Sorry; I can't deal with this.....
Shit. Fuck. Fuck. FUCKING. FUCK. FFUUCCKK!
Our baby died while I detoxed
Please excuse me while I think....
Drinking makes me miss her more
You are just lying to yourself
Holy fuck this is really happening.....
For Christmas, She Got His Coffin
They Shipped It Home; Empty Coffin
He's a snake. Treat him accordingly.
"What a difference a day makes!"
How could you break my heart?!
His last words were, "I didn't..."
The President maniacally laughed while tweeting.
You wake but the world doesn't.
There once was an ugly duckling
six billion lives reduced to six
They came at the same time.
He's pushing daisies, enriching the soil.
Maybe he's scared on his own
Dad met Dad at Bible camp
Kevin feeds Mary to his guests.
I'm single. Don't care. Still sober.
Crazy: Believing you actually loved me
Are you just scared on your own?
The new and improved, model upgrade!
From little things big things grow....
Queen of the Stripe Moving Bags!!
Are criminal records hot, or not?
She was used to the gavel.
He looked and instantly felt insecure.
"Let's just ALL post Trump shit."
Cheaters never change their dark spots
Tell your girlfriend I said hi
The ball is in your court
The essential is that which survives.
Finally I can really smell you
Move you here, move you there.
The tombstone wasn't her last poem
Sycophantic strangers openly discuss my fate.
Syncophantic strangers openly discuss my fate.
Daria Morgendorffer is my life coach.
"Greed is good!" the President tweeted.
I played a sloppy second fiddle.
Lost it all. 'Least I tried
You have been banned from r/Pyongyang
Fuck it, Dude. Let's go bowling.
It led to an early grave.
His name's Charlie, Mom, we're Mansons.
Grew bald. Time passed. Left hospital.
New locks. Kept the key, anyway.
He's still miserable. She's flying free.
She broke free of his spell
She realised it was finally over
Fourteen times I tried to leave.
You're crumbling under all that anger
She called. I was high. Again.
Children: the snack that smiles back!
Mom and dad, I'm an incel.
"yeah, no... no... I--I...understood."
The system finally let her loose
Buying Bitcoin with wedding savings account.
Don't change doors, make them home.
Is mayonnaise an instrument? No, Patrick.
Happy anniversary. We need to talk.
I was never enough for him.
Id die for you yet again.
One man's waste is my lunch
The apocalypse in a twitter storm.
Fact is fiction, fiction is fact.
The king's only son kissed men.
The girl next door moved away.
I ate a ham on rye.
I shrugged. She shrugged. We kissed.
He's her chapter: She's his footnote
"Bootprints... Six miles." -Tracker. Snowfall thickens.
His Presidency. From Russia with love.
His presidency. From Russia with love.
He said those 3 little words.
Search results for "mass shooting stars"
Mom, you don't understand. There's tentacles.
My deceased friend just tagged me.
She's outside now, making ghost noises.
I hope tomorrow will be better.
Built to create, Made by you.
Audacious audibles, auditing each others' auditions.
I never stopped loving you
Im going to cry so hard
I thought we could fix things
Every word is not an attack
"Maybe now you'll listen to me!"
Even good change can incite anxiety
There's no need to argue anymore
And your underwear... Burned them too.
Your heaven is hell to me ...
She told me she loved him
She told me she loved me.
Met her, bedded her, misled her
"Now's the time, stand and fight!"
He pressed "Reply" instead of "Forward"
One beautiful kiss, one ruined friendship
Say "Nope" To Knotted Anal Rope
Just say "No, Thanks!" To Sexism
He left her. She texted me.
She willed him into existence again.
Great News!!! I can smile again!!!!!!
Babe, have you seen my teeth? :D
I'm a prisoner in your skull.
Reddit karma means shit to me
........remember the love they once shared
Real World communication is the best
Is it real....? Am I paranoid....?
We can't talk if you're high
Searching for synchronicity always ends bad
At least the children are dancing.
Breaking news: Love is usually scary.
Sorry, no bonus points for fear.
Netflix's "Skip Intro" button: salvaging 2017.
I don't mind, I'm always here.
Failing to imbue courage wasted time.
This empty air carries your cowardice.
Behind closed doors, tears replaced smiles.
Home is where Wi-Fi connects automatically.
Her life, Instagram feed - worlds apart!
A lie
New diet: vegan keto, nut allergies
My letters will reach you.... soon......
Tomorrow is a brand new day
Life Story : choose your own adventure!
We grow old, then we disappear.
Maybe he is just sleeping soundly.
Your suffering doesn't make this acceptable.
Oh I see. Scissors as solutions.
Republicans smiled and fucked us all.
Negative post about Trump; free karma
This is where we buried them.
The movie ends. It's silent again.
That waitress just blew her tip.
Rock bottom. Hope?! Jobless. No treatment.
Six word stories are kinda depressing...
These are my Senators. They're whores.
Political bumper stickers make bad stories.
Running painfully into the back stone.
Hurdling over the wall of anger
Good Guy Got Great Grey Grout
There. I see what you did.
''How is she doing?'' "I'm sorry"
Misunderstanding. Donald Trump loves pussy *cats*
Centuries of strife over a book
"Kill my landlord! Kill my landlord!"
The morning after the night before
Trump. EA. Ajit. Lessons learnt: zero.
"Nice overalls, boy", said the Bishop
Half asleep. Can't sleep. Tireless sleep.
However, don't fret. We'll stay silly.
I'm sorry for my schizophrenic delusions
This wall is my strength now.
In my grief, I faded away.
I loved you so much then.
Hearing loss cause: love of music.
Young soul detained by old body.
Writing is about the minor chords.
He chose crystal over their love
Everything seems better when you're high
Just one toke; it'll be fine
Dont worry, Ill take the blame.
Boom. Should've cut the BLUE wire.
Not your baby; Not your decision.
Big butts: Preferable. Lying: Not Possible.
I will be sorry forever, squeak
. . . help is coming. Repeat: Survivors, no. . .
A com(m)a means you rest awhile.
Leprechauns ate my brother in revenge.
Ain't no sunshine when she's gone
Dangling above infinity she started slipping.
Even the gods will die, eventually.
Strawberry pure isnt good lubricant either.
My self depreciation doesn't invite yours .
That kid didn't have a chance.
Bandwagon of not being on bandwagons.
They killed their love with silence
Perfect person at the wrong time
She checked for letters every day
Her eyes were cold as ice.
Karen Carpenter, GG Allin-Heaven's Couple.
Crouching down, she watered his grave.
Smiling made him; happy and sad.
Favorite day? Saturday Sunday and Yesterday.
We're all made of shattered dreams
Less than two pints? Its perfection.
He tattooed his way into unemployment.
Failure happens when you give up.
I cant wear short sleeves anymore.
Caught her toes in hoop earrings.
Think about the people you've forgotten.
Left handed woman finds Mr Right
Went for walk. Returned in ambulance.
Lacking willpower, he is still alive
Mundane flower blossoms in death
A drunk mage, a dead world.
From ashes to ashes, dust to dust.
Babies annoy me, barely any marrow
Cut! Burn! Cut! Burn! Dead hydra
Once upon a time, the end!
Behind the friendly grin, forsaking schemes
"Fancy meeting you here. How Embarrassing!"
It hacked they bled abattoir mewlings
After the bite, she forever thirsted
My final trick ? Self inflicted gunshot !
Embraced her kids. Kissed the firefighter.
How many follower does he have?
I feel emptier than the bottles.
Gangbanger's broken phone. Missed Call: Mom
I fear the unknown knowing me.
Spared the children. Mistake. More mes.
Why won't you speak to me?
Promise meant much more to her.
"Mom, I can't wake grandpa up."
All that bullshit's for the birds
Running into traps; looking for exits.
Come! Eat your fill; stay awhile!
Dear Gamers; Fuck you, Love EA
A pale horse or a train?
I'm So Meta Even This Acronym
Beginning of everything
The road turned sharply, he didn't.
At least she's not in pain.
They died. Face-down, in muck.
I; the waiting room between lovers.
Creatures of night, friends during light.
I'm so alone; she isn't anymore.
Why can't sleep just come easy?
He's the world's greatest con man.
Night time is always the hardest
Writing six words is hard
Thanksgiving Thursday. Black Friday. Tiresome Saturday.
"Don't look" read the forehead tattoo.
How to live: Sleep, Eat, Floss
"Write your future," she told him
Life's a bitch, then you die.
Wilted flowers lay on her headstone.
Cancer cured today; passed away yesterday.
She's that wound time won't heal
Her Ghost was all that remained
Prayers before death. Egypt's Black Friday.
I feel personally victimized by netfilx
Orange clown becomes President, destroys America
betrayal, the hardest pill to swallow
Always try. Eventually you will succeed.
Her beauty kills, but I'm alive.
Floating body saves family from drowning.
Since when is neutrality an argument?
He read his obituary and laughed.
They escaped nothing and found something.
Her: "I don't care." She cared.
...lost this finger, Black Friday 2004.
Stand still, it won't be long.
The perfect life. Short and bad.
For sale: baby shoes, bronze removed
Look closer: she's not breathing anymore
I'm as full as a tick!
Sold: baby Yeezys, fresh to death.
I no longer miss my mother.
I won't speak without my lawyer
Fuck it, Taco Bell it is.
For sale, baby hands, never worn
Schoolgirls missing. Police suspect suicide pact.
Baby clothes for sale, never used.
We forget how to kill dragons
Cisternalean beast crustaceans need not apply.
I ran so he would chase.
I've never had the right words
Threw rock at window, bounced. Hospitalised
Drinking killed him at age 99.
I didn't mean to kill anyone
I tried to love you back.
Animal crossing pocket camp
Guarded my humans until dog heaven
Black Fridayed for ugly Christmas sweaters
2 minutes, 9 months, 18 years.
Tried using CPR on my father
My girlfriend's pregnant... we're lesbian.
She missed wearing her wedding rings.
For Sale: Internet. Contact: Ajit Pai.
You're not picking me up anymore?
Black Friday seemed earlier this year.
Beginning here. Insert Catalyst. Now end.
No daddy, dont touch me there!
Dance for life, the music starts
Sale: Used once, "The Christmas Shoes"
Inner tube. Backyard creek. Viking funeral.
Unrequited love's debilitating truth: Chasing Amy
Finally awake... Two years had passed.
"Hull breached!" "...been an honor, sir."
"Why doesn't Mommy leave her room?"
Fake news: The turkey wasn't pardoned.
That dress was black and blue.
If only wishing made it so
Am I healing, or just hiding?
"It's done, he's dead" "Thank you"
We are defeated, Sound the charge.
Brush your teeth with razor blades.
Chilren's Crutches For Sale. Kid Died.
He writes her expecting no response.
Symbol of mass murder died naturally.
Symbol of mass murder died naturally.
Great Post. Envious Thumbs. Clicked Downvote.
Mom threw out my card. Again.
Sometimes the sonder overwhelms me completely
She smiled. The noose is heavy.
The stories died with the world
They stood apart, divided by accusations.
Light shines for the last time
Turns out, the fake news wasn't.
"I missed her."---"Hence, *attempted* murder."
"Mind over matter!" Marathoner shits himself
"He's not evil, Astrid! Just... hungry."
"Last words, heretic?" "I've said enough."
Family burial plot is getting crowded
Starving and it still tastes bad.
Palm or fist? (Rhetoric or logic/dialectic?)
Happy Men's Day! Love u babe!
In drenched sweat. She said yes.
Two lines. We bought a carriage.
In this prison. It pays well.
Row, row, row your... Oh, SHIT.
The freighter took ashtrays as souvenirs.
Dead speak volumes. The dying listen.
The narcissist always cleaned shiny surfaces.
She loved for him; pineapple toppings.
She tore it; ticket for two.
Vampires treat hospitals as tourist destinations.
He, who doesnt drink, sipped poison.
But she smells like she looks.
Snow falling; car battery dying. Blanket?
Doesn't everyone know? It's a cabal.
The 'killer' wound up... a salesman.
The cemetery is in grave disrepair.
Wrote ebook became a maintenance man.
You're perfect...but you're not her.
"I looked ahead and saw nothing."
They stored their thoughts on glass.
She really looks better in person.
These stories are often too vague.
"But sir, i have no parents!"
Most people still die as orphans
Was it not me, after all?
Silence is people wanting to scream.
Why are you so easily felled?
Fighting is fun 1 v 1
My fantasy demolishes yours in perpetuity
Let's walk you through your feelings
Amniotic fluid embolist loves her toys.
Words to inspire, teach, and predate
Supernumerary possibilities' beach bonfire self immolation
Time for a meaningless intellectual pursuit
"She was so horrible," he shuddered.
The bouncing ball got so tiny.
It came out so right. Impossible!
"I'm too old for this, Grandpa."
If you were female? A nurse.
"He's a genius, that's his excuse."
"I'm here now," roared the void.
A voice spoke to me today.
Searching for adventure, they found solace.
He drove himself to the bar.
Mom and Dad are dating again
I want to be with her.
Ban palindromes? Me? Me ban palindromes.
Justice? Let them all free! --God
You were always on my mind.
There's a kid trapped in me.
Acronyms like mine invariably seem terrible.
Yearly photo with husband, next alone.
The pot calls the kettle black.
Ring overdue ten years, she cried.
Don't worry. It's only an orgasm.
Mismeasured dreams. Alterations by time's tailor.
Relationship arrived damaged unaccepted. Update reason.
Edit approved: "He is" - "He was"
Step up. Tie knot. Step forward.
He has started beating her again.
Sweating, they spasmed together, creating life.
Possible Zoloft side effect: debilitating depression
I still look for sharp objects
Twenty four hours. Three words
Siri, remove mom from my contacts.
If I could just tell you
See that my grave's kept clean.
He drove by her house again.
"Are you my mummy? Are you?"
Ghosts aren't always dead. I'm lost.
Stop slandering Beyonce you nasty pig.
Pen 3 left with new name.
Only death related stories mark high.
"You make a really good girl."
I wish it had been me.
You can't hold a ghost's hand
Fox News: Racism, And More Racism!
Ramen? Who am I, Gordon Ramsay?
"For pride, you must grind!" - EA
She cares more than he realizes.
I say hello, you say goodbye.
Global collective complete. We are one.
Upon meeting, your aura was visible.
Back from cemetery. Alone in bed.
Glass refilled till morning lights alleyway.
"My exam!" He cried, then cried.
"Denied. Self-driving cars are infallible, infallible,... "
"Denied. Self-driving cars are infallible, infallible,... "
Her unbridled passion is killing me.
Came with flowers, keys didn't fit.
But nobody was wrong till Truth
Everybody said they knew the truth.
I thought it wouldn't be problem
She couldnt even remember my name
Every so often a fragment will.
She followed the road to nowhere.
Live a life you would relive
Me first. You later. See you...
I'm not mommy. You are. Thanks!
Your presence still feels like home
They are very pleased with you.
They are very pleased with you!
Don't make me break from Nature
He made alarming noises and walked
The crumble was from the beach
"You're no fun," he reminded Me
Your achievements mean nothing to me
Life's a trainwreck I build rails
Car recommended for concrete wall suicide
I wonder if this decision matters?
Pediatric oncologist - now accepting new patient.
Among the crowd, he was alone.
Judge Roy Moore wasn't famous enough.
"i am not a nazi, but..."
Can't return a custom ring, sir.
Am I living or simply existing?
He would be gone by winter.
Clanking the Zippo did him in.
"Your husband is sexting my stepdad."
Zoo Janitor assaulted. Bonobos leering, quiet.
Happy, single, happy, single, single, happy.
Have you forgotten how to love?
Those are small chalk lines, chief.
"Love thy neighbor." "But, they're Muslim."
This is how they do it.
He wouldn't stay, she couldn't cry.
Laser weapons did not cut clean.
She loved him before she came.
They'll complain, they'll berate, they'll preorder.
Five years! Finally, I can drive!!!!
Not today my friend, oh yeah?
He had been flogged with pride.
He cracked his neck in class
God is a Sadist towards Men
Did you think I wouldn't notice?
"I don't breathe, just suck air"
Let me live that fantasy... Nevermind.
If cats could text... they wouldn't.
My rapist gave me away today.
Antinatalists Slogan: Nonexistence never hurt anyone.
Losing what we wanted through omission.
One year. Three deaths. Two funerals.
Not enough words to save us.
Life is a sexually transmitted disease.
"Shakespeare lived forever," quips last man.
"Shakespeare lived forever," quips last man.
Morality's coup de grce? 'Twas 'Whataboutism'.
I might as well be alone
She changed her panties for him.
That dog stopped hunting years ago.
The pain of life drained me.
To learn is to explore dangerously.
One more, they claimed. One more.
It's for the betterment of mankind
"I can quit whenever I want."
Discovery: Candles make for bad dildoes
Dangerous time revealed his true self.
The two continued in one alone.
Silent for nine months... say something.
Candle of hope, darkness of reality.
For sale, baby shoes. Never worn
He forgot where he hid it.
A beautiful child, like her eulogy.
i do not enjoy music anymore
I am currently on a train
Arrrr me hearties! Said Noah, never.
Then she clicked, "Mark as Unread."
Back when I had a family
Snow crunched underfoot with broken glass.
Age of sail, age of men.
text me at night, she said.
without you this house is empty.
We were saved by NOAAs ark
Yeah, I'm not good at this.
I like that i love him
I like that i love you
An unlucky eunuch developed a hernia.
Wife continues to depress good times
I really tried...but I'm sorry..
Downhill, uphill, downhill. Timing just right.
Forgive me God, for Ive sinned.
He thinks the earth is flat.
Blind date brought seeing eye dog
History being made, nobody cares anymore.
Politics above morality; a nation fades
What's her blood type? French Roast.
"Are you living, or just existing?"
Dad went fishing and never returned
Six feet low. They never listened.
The small axe felled big trees.
Fixed my life, No one cares
How do I play this game?
Huge debt? No job? Ah, college!
She stole more than my money.
Holding clay in my greedy hands
one more cigarette, one more cell
I'm a slave to my routine.
Another day; another Hollywood sexual predator.
On the outside, all appears fine.
Only cowards fear telling the truth.
"It's happening again! I'm dying again!"
Look around, how small are we?
He loved playing, when he lived.
Bullet holes lined the classroom walls.
She sleeps beneath the dirt forever
She cleaned the blood off the whiteboard.
Eighty guitar lessons, still no progress.
We'll make peace by destroying them.
Why wont you talk to me?
Mind demons are a real thing.
Welcome to reality, my imaginary friend
Headache. Dry mouth. Damn you schnapps!
Even black roses can smell sweet
Mine eyes have seen the GlowQuandra!
"He's there, standing in the corner"
Life of a teen: death.
Cold floors, warm blood, empty eyes.
Visited the world, found dead, alone.
"Either she jumped or was pushed."
Now exclusively making six word comments.
Drink to live, drank to death.
diarrhea at prom, in deep shit
Mass Shootings: Could Always Be Worse
My mother: Child, adult, child again.
Help! My mother! She's a Gorgon!
"Who needs healthcare?", millionaire president scoffed.
gambled on a fart, and lost.
Welcome to Florida, Americas droopy dick
The strongest prison has no walls.
Life is hard, the understatement goes.
My point, friends, is simply that--
But he turned around to late.
And then she was gone, forever.
Who are you? I don't know.
"I don't know" the murderer replied
They made the bed and slept.
Having fun, enjoying life, woke up.
What's happening? Who am I? Hello?
I have an obsession with murder...
Mother's memory.
Hell froze over and pigs flew.
Destruction commencing. You only protected yourself.
They blissfully prepared their own prison.
Please don't tell me the truth.
"Turn the camera off first, senator."
Never laughed at a funeral before.
I swear, this usually never happens.
"You'll go blind," his mother warned.
"I wish you weren't like this"
Listen. There is music in everything.
He never knew if she cared.
Why is the gun safe unlocked?
I want you to want me
Came back... only to die again
Dad left for the last time
She made life worth living again
I really wish shed picked me.
He is wearing an illegal smile.
Done with school, done with life.
"I c-cant do it.". *Command C / Command V*
Who would I be without electricity?
The parodic is often for lack
Where the fuck is neschal chanderman
She looked beautiful as she died.
No Nut November? Maybe next year.
I'm ready for the next chapter.
Driving taxis is now my dreamjob
I didn't get the job, again.
Given reality is interactive my saddies
He never knew he was blind.
Sorry, It's not you it's me...
Decisions no longer human matter, user.
He's packing his bags for heaven.
My children. Free to good home.
"Evolution, eugenics; failures. Witness Creation!" silence.
Be the best you can be.
Fedora tipped. Duster swaying. "Hello m'lady."
Mommy, where are your eyes?
Only read words starting with H
God stopped listening. I stopped praying.
I'm drowning in my own tears
Hopefully the kid won't remember this.
Snap! falling... caught by bear.
Don't cry, you're still my favorite.
The call is coming from upstairs
Missing you causes me physical pain.
"They post that after every shooting."
My award shelf is completely bare
Crowd-pleaser mass suicide. Nice of them.
"Remember, remember, the fifth of November"
He died believing I hated him.
A woman needs to feel special.
He fell hard, but she bounced.
"MOOO!", said the multiple personality horse.
Operation failed: Brain rejected neural lace.
"its so lonely here." He thought.
"Dad?" No response. He joined mom.
"l love you." She never replied.
Long silences. Does she love me?
"Goodbye." She said. Then he jumped.
"Fell asleep while driving." Stated obituary.
"I'm sorry I couldn't save him"
"I miss you mom." leaves flowers.
"Is this really how it ends?"
She ran, but not fast enough.
Everything I wanted , didn't want me
"But I love you!" He cried.
Like a bridge under troubled water.
Even stars need darkness to shine
Christmas next year for sure kids
Sorry kids, surely Christmas next year...
At night's end, only smiles remain.
Because you gave up on us
My checkbook is crying bitter tears.
She went free-buffing... to be touched
What did you expect? An epic?
"Triune God? Fuck polytheism, thought, right?"
"Take anything you want... Except her."
"What are you gonna do? Shoo-"
Don't be found downtown after dark.
I flushed babies down the toilet.
The legend of the legendary legend.
I strolled straight into her colon.
Mommy lives with Jesus now kids....
Nachos? For breakfast? Of course not!
Lost the battle, won the war.
Shoot me before I turn... Promise?
When the apocalypse comes... Euthanize me.
Took my clothes off. Paid rent.
I'm her daughter AND his wingman!
I simply can't quit her again.
Survived cancer. Mounting bills. Committed suicide.
Who do you believe? Nobody. Everybody.
Buffalo gals galled, buffalo gone under.
"Wolf Wolf Wolf Wolf Wolf Wolf !!!"
Silently weeping, she feels no regret.
Election 2069. Last round. Russian roulette.
She couldn't take the doctor's treatment.
The wedding band imprinted his cheek.
I meditate to the city's sounds.
He always remembered to forget her.
All rise for the National Anthem!
Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo.
How did HE become the president?
I lost count of the bodies.
The firing squad aimed above her.
"Finally! A happy six word story!"
It's time to evacuate, Mr. President.
"Six words...? Wait, does that count?"
"Fire him sir, while you can."
"A knife doesn't require any training."
"My pillow still smells like you."
This time, it wasn't a drill.
He stares back, she grins more.
Brett Ratners career died. Everyone cheered.
Daddy loves you, so sleep tight.
Unsubbed. These are all so depressing.
"It's been an hour. Stop compressions."
"Passengers: Turbulence... caused irreversible engine damage."
2oldandnot2wise
"One more night?" "I've already decided."
Halloween. Really honey? EVERY razor blade?
Halloween's over ,take off the mask.
Family burial plot is getting crowded
Why does no one want me
Houses of Cards are never strong.
I leave everything to my parents
Submitted story, checked comments, nothing there.
New legislation: spontaneous interactions declared predatory.
"Suck it or die," he said.
Snow gathered in dead, staring eyes.
In the universe we were alone.
Tonight I will get sheet faced.
Ramen for one more week, okay?
Nominated for Academy award; Never showed...
"Split up", "Zoink!", "Jinkies", "Creepers", "Ruh-roh"
Henry David's throwed, Edgar Allen hoes.
He ran to the wrong girl.
She winked despite the eyepatch.
Seemingly useless parts become key components.
"You lost it? Shiiiiit, you're fucked..."
Skeletons step out of their skin.
''My name is Krueger. Frederick Krueger.''
''I didn't mean it, '' she wept.
Mr. President, we are all fucked.
Everyone knows you're a faggot Kevin
That's the problem, she wasn't dead.
Your favorite star accused of harassment.
Seemingly useless parts become key components.
He was whistling past the graveyard.
The ambulance silently left the scene.
I'd kill for a time machine
After this I swear; Ill sleep.
Is there anything stopping me fro-
F*ck you. And the baby, too.
It's what you do that counts.
Left wasn't right, I got lost.
Vengeance, justice. Murder brought him neither.
Suicide Disease? I want to live.
Muellers coming for us all, sir.
Play his voicemail again, for me.
Pull door sick of being pushed.
Please, God, don't let this happen.
He stopped wearing his ring today.
"You're the reason I problem drink."
Scooby Doo: "Ry rattle rith rulimia."
"Shut up for once. And listen."
Be mine? (I'm already yours.)
stayed right where you left it
"Orders?" "Men, women, children; spare none."
"Tell your wife. Or *I* will."
It's not wrong, she loves me!
I'm not yours to care for.
Go get your forgiveness somewhere else.
To a writer you're just material.
You're the mistake I couldn't stop
Cherish my anus you sexy man
Careful with that axe Mr President.
You win some, you lose some.
Life's too short for bad music
Batman was cosplaying this whole time
"They'll never believe you," she said.
My life is nothing without vegetables.
What time we wasted - questioning, arguing.
She tested me and I failed
Splat! Squish! Whoops, dropped my mashies.
I'm a stepping stone for ex-lovers.
For rent : blow-up doll, reasonable.
For we, now one, revolt.
In 9 months, they'd hate mosquitoes.
In dreamless sleep, he flew away.
I hate who made me happiest.
The greatest trick the devil pulled...
"Vro00oom... Vrooo000000000ooom!" -- Disney's The Cars 0.0.1.1.5
Not fake, sir. Mueller is coming.
The dirty hand of the law
Winter Wear: Swim Trunks - Rations Unaccepted
Want to come out of there?
Don't forget to pay the lady.
He re-financed their mortgage for gaming.
Light is darkness turned inside out.
Emptiness. And then SHE walked in.
Topple the Government. Celebrate. Re-elect. Repeat.
Topple the Government. Celebrate. Re-elect. Repeat.
Life's easy. It's living that's hard.
Living on the edge of homosexuality
Nobody said anything, so I interrupted.
She was mad for too long.
Will nobody interrupt my ceaseless pursuit?
friendship is not your consolation prize
They couldn't see the Orion anymore.
I'm sick of always feeling cold
It's her first and last breath
Anime Club shirt... extra-extra large.
What glue'd you like on you?
I am a average normal girl.
Give speeches. Drop bombs. Next puppet.
Whence cometh evil, GOD? Explain yourself!!!
She is his everything. He's disposable.
Oh God I know I'm one.
We ate 'em... AND they sucked.
She used to have more children.
He wasn't always an only child...
Your fragile illusion shatters right now
"I hate ads." ~ Kendall's last words.
Live, learn, lather, rinse, repeat, expire.
She fell and scraped her heart.
My dad's been gone forty years.
Your smile doesn't destroy me anymore
Dear God, I'm not a believer.
Forward his mail six feet underground.
Years spent; on an unworthy cause
There is poetry in brutal efficiency
The victor spoils, the loser learns
Trump had vanished. The world celebrated.
I shouldnt have clicked that link.
He fell on his third swing.
How would life be without me?
I'm Bot. Are you human? AMA.
Valid in 47 continental states, California
And that's how babies are made.
WW3: The shortest war in history
She hates me when she's sober.
Save your craziness. Until MUCH later.
"No, please.... I... Ugh ok fine."
"No divorce," the gunshot proclaimed loudly.
Too young to be this broken.
Youre the reason I smile everyday.
He left before she was born.
I looked down upon my body
BREAKING: Around the world in 79 days
Chick to chicken to chicken nugget.
Price: "public health camp aids concentration."
Whole new things to worry about.
Infinite wishes "cheating"? Fine, infinite *lamps*.
He yelled, begged, cried. She left.
One dream, two people, three children.
I have never done this before.
His prejudice misconceptions were simply condescension
The crowd, silenced by her tongue
Please, kill me before I die.
No, she confessed not long after.
ComfortZone
"that will offend somebody" "yeah, racists"
Our beginning reckless. Our end destruction.
In our dreams: you picked us.
Knowledge of your existence tortures me.
Insufferable days have only twenty-four hours.
The pain of regret never leaves.
Another drink to help me forget.
But I only kinda love you.
Need someone be proud of me.
dear time traveller, you left something ...
She trusted "alternative medicine." Funeral's Friday.
They left her behind to die.
How did I ever love you?
Friendly world, but with no friends.
The kid is NOT my son.
Youre a mistake Id make again.
It was over before it began
Light shined through her flimsy soul.
Everything was given. Nothing was returned.
Help me through my nightmare today
I'm daydreaming about you at night.
"I'll write to you!" But when?
He was always a good dog.
He was lying through false teeth.
The signs were there, but ignored.
Being a psychic is scary sometimes.
A wet dream is a mindfuck.
Even regret cannot turn back time.
I don't have a strong stomach.
"Shit." "Yeah, have fun down there."
When I drink she gets prettier.
They compromised with a "hanukah bush."
That bullet tore through many hearts.
Kept the house: lights were out.
Dont tell me how to feel!
Last night was 730 days ago.
Your great-grandfather was the same way
With my victim on some acrage
"Honey, Santa's having a tough year."
"Son, look me in the eyes."
Her life was ephemeral, but elysian.
Solitude, she resolved, was not loneliness.
He learned to love his scars.
"Darling, cutting is never the solution."
West Coast. Cool Shades. Drowned Souls.
One bullet, spinning revolver. You first.
His first her, her seventh him.
Blue sunrises, red skies, green fields.
"Did you shit in my pants?"
Fire, brimstone, bullets. Blood, tears, hope.
Never hit bottom, just kept digging.
Come back. Oh God, come back.
Damn, I forgot to masturbate today.
I will write the rest tomorrow.
Cherry blossom trees don't talk back.
"If only she had dressed modestly..."
She slipped through the cracked glass.
Two dead birds, one less stone.
It was a two bullet suicide?
Sixteen years, 4 fathers, no dads.
"I'm a Terran, not an Earthling."
"Fuck this shit, I'm outta here."
She embraced the cold, dark water.
No Christmas presents this year either.
Sonata form, impious to the winds.
I tried. There were too many.
Found Myself, Crawling under Your Ignorance.
Now hiring: humans need not apply.
A knife to cut dolphins??? Alright...
My toilet overflowed. They took off.
Baby shoes / Never say goodbye / Never
It was just a prank bro chill
Pray that we survive the night.
I need this to be over.
thank God, now you're a stranger.
Widow is reunited after 31 years
Cancer called. Wish I hadn't answered.
I just wanna be with you
The moon has no dark side.
He forgot they were Americans too.
Never got to be a kid.
Needles littered the little boy's house.
He raised their baby girl alone.
Came forward. They blamed her instead.
My foot tasted like awkward feelings.
Unremarkably, he hit the glass floor.
Me, too: two Johns, Dennis, David.
Low Level Mickymouse Repugnante Subhuman Scumbags
He smiled. She turned, saw, cried.
After the coma, nobody remembered him.
Rich minds think within strict limits.
She forever washed away her makeup.
Just imagine what's between the slices.
California dreaming,is blinded at Las Vegas
If only memories got time served.
Mom was always attracted to psychopaths.
I cant remember her face anymore.
I cant look at her anymore.
Help me remember who I am.
Reed. Tenor. Oh, SIX word stories.
"Light it up!" Famous last words.
She drowned in her own thoughts.
"Just go kill yourself!" He obeyed.
After
Not even his father called him.
"You can trust me," he lied.
Hot wet, oh...SIX word stories.
Day 49 of Blue Whale Challenge
"He's alive?!" "That's the bad news."
The fire consumed all his writings.
She's not supposed to know anything.
She remembered her family. They forgot.
His tears vanished in the rain.
The last earthling locks his doors.
Her screams fell on silent ears.
A stranger took his life away.
Only his mother attended the funeral.
Nobody else can hear the voices.
Everything is great, on Opposite Day!
The body is buried. Now what?
"Goodbye" he said, pulling the trigger.
Underground, he dug frantically for hours.
"Dad, you don't know me anymore."
I will NEVER be my father.
Tried mocking stereotypes; she wasn't funny.
"I'll...stop...whenever...", Said between drinks.
Ambulance arrives at the mental hospital.
Last words: "You had ONE job!"
Go to war against the inevitable.
Pass on, six word chain letter.
"Bye mom" were his last words.
"Forgive us", my parents' note read.
something enormous moves beneath our boat
"Just go away," screamed his reflection.
Friends for life, life short lived.
He jumped, picked up by ambulance.
"Never again", she said, shoveling dirt.
"She sucks good!", said the team.
Silence fell with the last petal.
She blinded me with science fiction.
The average person is quite clever.
You believe you're being phased out
Maybe you should wish upon quasars.
Restraining orders dont help nightmares much.
Internet forgets less. We forgive more.
Now, she always checks her locks.
Everyone in my chain gang escaped
A short lifetime of zero regrets.
Its the season. Survive a horror movie in six words or less.
Love is the drug for me.
In five years? Emperor of Earth.
I hope I won't wake up.
She's moved on...so should you.
Can we write five word stories?
The worst thing about censorship is,
He didnt know he was dead.
A twin attends a funeral alone.
No ketchup, just sauce. Raw sauce.
Sorry, I don't carry cash anymore.
They'll miss me when I'm gone.
She moved away. He texted me.
Your love always draws first blood.
... what do you mean you're not home?
Her 60th anniversary request: assisted suicide.
I laughed, they all did too
Horizontal for attention, vertical for results
My ass really does look fat
Now, no life matters at all.
She wore long sleeves in summer.
To five years sober! he toasted.
I'm sorry I can't help you.
Unconditional love, Broken hearts; Sadness Always.
Her memory stopped satisfing my dreams
It all went up in smoke.
She was an angel no more
Hows the job? Good, she lied.
Yeah, right! Boys cant get raped!
Writing her in pleasant stories helps.
I shouldn't have kissed you back.
Eventually I'll forgive you; never myself.
She loves God and her wife.
She never says "love you" sober.
How do I delete the internet?
Last night's "love" is morning's indifference.
71.4 years actualizing a wasted life.
It was no longer a stalemate.
Too bad that didn't kill me...
"OMG!!! You HAVE to watch GoT!!!"
Met my soulmate during my honeymoon
The population didn't increase this year.
Is this a dress or shirt?
I am the one in ten.
"Any last words, father?" "Grow up!"
She said no, but it's okay.
Last time I trust a psychopath
Oh shit, I am still streaming!
Evil Woman gets a punishment Haircut.
It was time to evacuate Earth.
Apocalypse, but I'm still in bed.
"admin:password" protects millions of people
And then the fat lady sang.
"Those mushrooms are poisonous!" "Really? Shit."
These legs are delicious, said Hannibal.
Priest cant remember. Rings a bell.
Getting ahead has left me behind.
Some fantasies aren't meant for reality.
Oh my heart, it's not dead.
"Mom, it's only a kidney." "No."
Flags half raised. New holiday created.
I am fighting with nonexistent strength.
I always knew you eventually would.
I'm laughing to keep from crying.
Came out, kicked out, shut out.
My sexual orientation isn't a slur.
They say "resting". But she's dying.
Heros? Sacrificial lambs? Shuttup! Watch Football!
We looked around and found ourselves.
Toppled statues... "Why'd we erect them?"
"It's not that bad" he countered.
Huh. The meaning of life. Neat.
Admitted. Under code "S": suicide watch.
Stop a mirror, save an ego.
He broke my pieced together heart.
Good girl? She was the best.
Autumn leaves drift by my window.
She was used to being hungry.
If only I had known earlier.
The steak sizzled, pink, tender, delicious.
Held her hand, it felt cold
I'm not the me I see.
Now I know he loves me.
You don't understand; let me help.
We're together in a parallel universe.
Sometimes Time Seems Timed Truly Timidly.
Memory of you, fuzzy and warm.
Thanks. Need some money for a cab?
She smiled for the last time.
Hate for her outweighed the gun.
The footprints only went one way.
I wasnt supposed to do it
School put numbers by the exit.
Butterflied, battered, fried; ruled a suicide.
Falsely Accused, I Remain A Convict.
My family is creepy and kooky.
This elevator's been rising for hours...
Previously gay, lobotomies changed Junior's mind.
Infant,adolescent,teenager,young adult,corpse.
I am not your 'maybe' option.
Fairy tale ending in dystopian world.
Winners are never afraid to lose.
She needs cocaine more than me.
Bleed, Succeed, Freed, Greed, Mislead, Concede.
"Homosexual!?...Lobotomies should change his mind."
we weren't meant to last longer
He aimed instantly but didnt shoot.
Galaxy eyes and black hole souls.
Smell the roses as you run.
But nobody answered the lonely soul.
Hello 18 redditors currently on here.
"Why did I ever date you?"
There's a racquetball IN MY MOUTH!
http://www.anyphrasethatdidnotexistfifteenyearsago.com/setupasonelongword/punchlineasonelongword
"Catastrophic failure! Eject! Brace for impact!"
I FUCKED my un-NEVERENDING great-UNCLE'S CABOOSE
Subreddit might as well be "r/sixwordsentences."
"I'm sorry" said the guardian angel
Alpha, Omega, at sinking into walls
Believe in yourself... I never did.
"I-67. Almost there," she didn't send.
All numbers match, there's the $1,000,000.
Flextape, can it mend broken hearts?
Take a big step back already!
"Where's Daddy?" Mary Donner thought, satiated.
time never wanted us to be
it's the hand-handing that'd destroy her.
Maybe I am just that insignificant.
Talking over the phone. Bright loneliness.
For a moment, we froze time
Why keep living? Death comes eventually.
Deplorable man, I hope you rot.
She smiled and everything froze. Beautiful.
Already planning to forget that memory
After one night, I fucked up.
There's nobody I cared about more.
Your heart skipped beats for her.
He wept over her lifeless eyes.
He weeped over her glassy eyes.
I LIKE LIVIN' ON THE SOUTHSIDE
She talked me off the ledge.
"He shouldn't judge me! He's... Mexican?"
"Take her cats, not his guns!"
She died the day they forgot.
He called! "Hey, is Allison around?"...
Sirens. A gunshot, a scream. Silence.
Sometimes I step on invisible shit.
Outlaws helped old lady cross street.
Man avoids police. Runs into me.
I said it. He stayed down.
Toupeed Objectivist tosses fedora. Hatless, rugged.
Suing doctor that gave me vasectomy.
Overly curious cat finds new life
He never did end up calling.
Goodnight she said leaving me sleepless.
Flags were flown half-mast all year.
Me: A story of wasted potential
Let go, or go save her?
Don't ask what the pillars hold.
Presidential Suite now renamed Eternal Supreme....
Presidential Suite now renamed Admiral Prime...
Locals: Why you learned our language?
you're either a liar or coward
leave me alone if you care
She does not share your fantasy.
If only men could get pregnant...
The loss of you was miraculous.
Nobody can do better than Hemingway.
There's no calm before this storm.
Self soother soiled National Geographic collection.
First date? Let's just skip it.
I saw Mharti licking his balls
Grandpa visited Grandma's homeland. Rediscovered her.
She was "the one". I wasn't.
Officer, he said it wasn't loaded.
Waste OF time or TIME of.
Everyone knows what IS the goings-on.
I'm teaching mom to be nicer.
but this is what you wanted.
we were bigger, than us both.
A nyctophobic slowly starts going blind.
Yes sir, I understand my rights.
Zenith sons abandon what they love
Kissed me with her eyes open...
Lion exhibit. Left arm feels lighter.
"You are living in 1984" - Obama
My biggest regret: coming home early.
She throws up thrice a day.
He was too blind to see.
In one way, out the same.
Four words: Two words too less.
Let her go, you love her.
I needed you. Now go away.
Jackpot. Fast cars. False friends. Broke.
How could positive be so negative?
Tightrope walker. No net. Nearly perfect.
British Mi6 Run Child Sex Trafficing
Only thought he took my innocence.
I'm Johnny Knoxville, welcome to Jackass!
You kids eat. I'll have water.
It takes courage to accept fear.
In the kitchen. Hungry. Leftovers again.
I wish you were here, babe.
Married to work. Divorce is imminent.
Soul for sell. Accepting cash only.
Let me be what you need.
Soul for sell. Only accepting visa.
I don't want to fade away.
Soul for sale. Handle with care.
Soul for sale. Handle with care.
Four hard right turns to Squaresville.
I didn't wait, she didn't come.
He believed in the wrong God.
Story of his life ended halfway.
Gone away; all that was beautiful
They were no more, after today.
A lot to say the least.
Redemption is free, the cost aside.
You've exceeded your budget for charity
My embarrassment kink is becoming difficult.
I get rejected in sex dreams.
Don't come around here no more.
Could've been anything. Instead became nothing.
Stop! I don't want to know.
Working when I should be living
"Greets from the gutter." -Last postcard
They can smell my expiration date.
Lipstick, she found...on his collar.
Growing old, she advertised: Enemies removed.
I fell harder, as she departed.
Paycheque. Overdraft fee. Paycheque. Overdraft fee
Gently no longer. She weeps. Violently.
Overdraft fee. Overdraft fee. Paycheque deposit.
His easiest decision yet. He leapt.
You should see the other guy!
words failed me with your heart.
'not bad' is still not good.
There is fiction, and there's... hmm...
The Assault Rifle: America's Natural Predator.
What is reddit up to tonight?
Orlando, America's deadliest shooting: 2016 - 2017
Don't you think that life's overrated?
Mine
When will it be my turn?
For sale: three girls, good condition.
Nasa molest kids on the moon
Courage was born before the baby.
Are you aware of your breathing?
It blew up in her face.
Sleep tight victim of the night.
"They're staying together for us??" "Yeah."
Beep. Beep. Beeeeeep. And finally, silence.
The CIO can't surf the Web
"I still see her. No, really."
one day the universe just stopped
But, I was gone last night...
Our unavoidable beginning; our certain end.
You knew I just needed time.
Zigged. Shoulda zagged. Mouth stick typed.
"Make a move!" She lustfully said.
"sorry, meant to reply to this!!!"
Kept the baby. And her partner.
penis in vagina, me cum hard.
I'm confused, why do we exist?
Thousand dollar wallet, nothing in it.
Hello from r/fivewordstories. This is luxurious!
My crush was straight. I'm not.
A man's best friend's best friend.
Regret knows better. Forgiveness does best.
I became aware of my mortality
Saddle up, your life began yesterday.
Her labour was in vain. Again.
We hope his dog outlives him.
I miss the mirage I loved.
Broken antique brick, venged lovers heartbreak.
My closet just laughed at me...
Charles5 slumberparty Elmo secreting a secret
My first love,loved someone else
Like autumn leaves, she fell gracefully.
Yellow lights. Whimsical nights. Enigmatic eyes.
They asked. I refused. They took.
The battery did not die alone.
Ambiguous death story? Nope, Chuck Testa.
"...Tumor is moving quickly." She repeated.
Their cries fell on unhearing ears.
6AM. For the fourth time today.
Call and response, thusly we live.
New Macbook: 17hrs autonomy. Almost workday!
Thats permanent ink, Mr. President What?!
Even now, I'd do it again.
"They're starving, Noah." "Eat the unicorns."
Click Here: Hot Girls, Near you!
Living in a buggy simulation sucks.
It's 6AM. Again. Fourth time today...
"Oestrogen and oxytocin," the whore moans.
They begged us, bearing minus signs.
Saw all of eternity, three stars.
Timelord caught Santa. Now everydays Christmas.
My sadness always tastes like grief.
You distanced yourself and blamed me.
You killed me, but I survived.
The ring was meant for another...
Six word stories are six words.
Discovered she was married
Their lives were set in stones.
A quiet home filled with strangers
Maybe someday I will love you
They sold their new uninhabited home?
Santa couldn't believe he was stuck
They lived happily ever after... Hopefully
I just want to die already
The third car swerved and missed
My body was always my coffin.
Licks are kisses from best friends.
The belt tightened as he released.
In losing him, I lost everything.
Trustworthy people are: me myself I
My will to live remains unnotarized.
Taking their lives also ended hers.
Earth was cleansed by man's sterilization.
Ending our lives also took hers.
I wonder who's kissing her now.
Broken rings... Broken dreams... Happy couple.
The weakest link saved the chain
Stuck in elevator : don't wanna leave
Then he only scratched the surface.
Dude, that was the wrong guy
The running water muffled her cries.
The bitch returned, but not alone.
He always wilted away under pressure.
Breakages and bondage, destiny's chosen currency.
Joy doesn't come easy to me
Again, the road betrayed my trust.
Username? Uhhh, "password." Password? Also, "password."
Barfing bureaucratic bs before beginning breakfast.
Accepting all absolutely accidental arbitrary apologies.
Need money for my mid-life crisis.
She kept looking at her phone
"I don't climb, I stomp down."
Whats your favourite fridge magnet?
"I think that's the heart..." - surgeon
If it moves, run away fast
She stood. He knelt. They wept.
Remembered something important; then I forgot.
No, dummy! Aim first THEN shoot!
"Apologise again" said the unsupervised priest.
Her milkshakes brought diabetes and lard
Ill love myself some other day.
Stand, you son of a bitch!
German humor is no laughing matter
Six word story in comments below
Sunset. Another end of an era.
The Sparrow flies south for Winter.
I've finally let go of you.
we were puppets to our love.
You made us, you destroyed us.
Disrespecting your country doesn't fight cause.
His only addiction, slowly walked away.
He should have taken her seriously.
Coffin for sale. Only used twice.
"Am I a dad?" She smiled.
It burned as it went down.
Her eyes changed, her heart ablaze.
No one ever found his body.
Become the fire that's burning you.
This sub is basically a zombie.
"Four legs good, two legs bad."
I'm a survivor, not a hero.
Another crush, Another feeling, Another heartbreak
Gary Oldman in the Ogre's Butt
Our life together became lives apart
Is it? It is, isn't it.
Catholic priest presses button; 18 die.
His tattoo read: return to Auschwitz.
Using your brain is not torture.
The failed nun kicked her habit.
"The dichotomy of this prison cell."
The white supremacist reincarnated in Africa.
Imagination breaks the back of gravity.
"The NFL is considering nuclear options."
He wanted what he couldnt have
Open casket funeral. Open bar, too.
Open casket funeral. Open car, too.
I thought we wouldn't need sunscreen.
Too retarded to even call CPS.
Abused, raped, impregnated, shamed for aborting.
Fought for his right to kneel.
Vampires prefer no stake in it.
Witches don't want to hang around.
I masturbated at my psychiatrist's funeral.
Creating our own heartbreaks through expectations.
Figuring adulthood while stuck in debt
Liars take all things in stride.
Slept a night. Dreamt forty years.
It's always been a vast wasteland.
your ghost no longer haunts me
Familiar gun, new bottle, last time.
Friends go, memories stay, love endures.
My front butt farted blood, grandpa
I feel so loved. I'm scared.
Wow, You Actually Thought I'd Leave!
The protagonist fell off the cliffhanger.
Dingy room. Skirt fixed. Next customer.
This man is not my brother.
Arms; not places. They are homes.
How many words do I get?
Our memories are cold and buried.
Blood soaked blade, surpassed by serenity.
Broken foot, no shirt, he slept
Then I stopped hating you too.
Does anybody here like Space Jam?
"Words no good" said the poet.
Religious mass burial of unholy children
Automation hypnosis; living life like yesterday..
They drank, fearful of winter's touch
Where do birds go to die?
He uses nostalgia to remember them.
I turned myself into a pickle
I'm married, don't turn on me.
You can't win racing against yourself.
My Strength is only a facade.
I wish I wasnt this weak.
No wishes left, just some pseudoephedrine.
Just one....more.....drop...[plink] Perfect!
Can't stop my love for you.
I walked away from your inaction.
Hey! Who is that handsome guy?
We used syrup instead of lube
Got my mind set on you!
I can't paint, kill all jews.
Last words: "good luck in surgery!"
Someone knew someone kissed someone else.
Broken and ashamed, he deleted her.
Mom's not home. Let's do it.
And you think it's hot now?
He washed and washed, still blood!
Lost his boyhood, not his innocence.
That's not how you do missionary
Organ donor's heart saves his daughter.
my husband finally caught me cheating.
Fucky wasn't as psyched as Fuckee.
My "before" pictures get progressively worse.
They lied, it doesnt get easier.
That roll. Is my only happiness.
Turn the morphine up please.... dad?
He writes letters to the unborn.
He shouted to suppress the voices!
Russian Game: Empty, Empty, Empty, BOOM
Will they ever tire of violence?
IT is such an overrated movie
My husband won a darwin award
"I am truly happy!", he lied.
Get up off of that thing
Today I start my diet. Again!
War of words, at our expense.
Be the person that I'm not
"Can't you fucking read?" "No, sir."
You only think it'll last forever.
Eventually, we all face the storm.
I wish she thought about me.
Be ~~with~~ someone who makes you happy
Why? Too shy to try to?
Adam got goldmine,Steve got shaft.
Today, a major catastrophe since 1945...
He laughed, but I wasn't kidding.
An Arabian prince, now selling lawnmowers.
White hoods traded for red hats.
Come again, she has a sister.
Wait with me. Or not... whatever
Just long enough!Not strong enough.
Nukes appear everywhere. Terrified, wars freeze.
Two genders, one nuke, one gender.
He posted for the instant karma.
Someone: please, correct my terrible punctuation?
It will be all over soon...
The day's first toll is midnight...
There were no nuclear bombs anymore.
Six word limit, is a gimmick
Lincoln's opinion on theatre: "mind-blowing."
Alpha One, you're clear to engage.
No puppies downstairs - just stained mattresses
Your mommys are gonna love me.
Aimless, shaking. Shot twice. Fluffy pony.
Keep your wishes and swim free.
Life got in the way again.
This all started, when you arrived.
Still, it is not enough.
I live where bombs couldn't reach.
Cat food subscribe &amp; save ended
I've never heard "I love you".
He deleted his facebook account yesterday
Choose the life in your mind.
Technology blocked you,I was incapable.
Inherited AIDS from her foster father
...you practice what you preach...?! Hmmmm...
He cried, "I wanna be King!".
Could you spot the pattern again
How you like them apples pussys
something good better come of this
One of these days Alice.....POW!
For company, she woke her baby.
He started using Tinder as porn
People keep writing my suicide note.
The young goats loved kidding around.
Good news is: double the socks.
All applauded him out of courtesy.
Dog toys - free to good home
I don't smile in her drawings.
Passport's filled up... still no happier.
For Sale: Air Jordans - never dunked.
It's sad, but it is, love.
"Fuck it," the starving vegan replied.
Eventually "Practicality" started strangulating the "Emotions".
Found my passion. Lost her heart.
when it rains, you see water
Sugar, fat, sugar... repeat until dead
Take a shower, I mean it
Dating helped her procrastinate suicidal thoughts
"Haha XD" The other driver disagreed.
knowing our ending...we kept going.
Maybe the text didn't go through.
Beautiful idiosyncrasies turned pathological with labeling
She subconsciously turned toward his direction.
Thankfully there wasn't metastatic brain cancer.
She hurt me to heal herself.
How he wishes he could scream
Try to remember. Try to learn.
Found: Teddy bear floating down river.
Self-destruction was his gateway drug.
Blew it, it's over, moving on.
Put the lime in the coconut...
Electrifying, Individualistic, A Six Word Haiku.
I'd rather you leave than settle
moving on I should feel better
Sometimes you break your own heart
Please forgive us; we couldn't stop.
The book ended...the story continued...
Waitress, age 17, doesnt know Snoop.
The drunk driver killed my child.
The gods...they laughed at us.
I will miss my home forever.
Eyes that could tear me down.
I screamed, but was already dead.
Rent was late, I stopped caring.
Earth's last man heard a scream.
Gots Many Needles In Many Haystacks
He happily said,"I'm over you."
"Down with Capitalism" - sent from iphone
Sunlight reflects blindingly off broken glass.
The mormons have left the BnB
What? I am not in denial.
She *was* the one. I wasn't.
I held the door for her.
Arms Dealer Needs Bawdy New Head
Six bananas is four too many.
After she asked me...I paused.
She left, never to return again.
"She needs a friend right now. "
"She needs me, as a friend."
My boobs don't deserve this burqa.
Today, she stopped running from me.
Love took shape of her fist.
I got my son clean needles.
You don't now, but you will.
This round, you cry for me.
We move on when hope dies.
Ever see a faceless man smile?
I'm too busy being a nobody
British Intelligence Agencies Run Pedophile Rings
You Must Read My Post Histroy
My son finally pulled the cord.
You thought I didn't see you.
Please don't stop pulling my hair
Without that kiss, we'd be friends.
I'm so sorry, there's no heartbeat
Pearls of wisdom? They're blood diamonds.
Like plump raindrops on piano keys.
Taking mom's car to dad's funeral
Evil dwarfs win galactic football game
SETI received a reply: "SHUT UP."
Now I'm the one who leaves.
The only addiction I've had. You.
Alone in mortuary, I heard footsteps.
I can use only one sheet...
I only ever wanted a name
Nature made us. Nature erased us.
Her laugh lights up my world.
It's "gypsy dildo punks" Mr. Stanton.
I didn't think about you today.
The only addition I've had: you.
We idealized each other. I'm wrong.
100 hello's. 101 good-bye's. The End.
Bleeding: if not stopped, runs out.
Lust &gt; Like &gt; Love &gt; Pain &gt; Hate &gt; Indifference
Everything you touch will turn to--
Chemical Ice Nucleation For Weather Modification.
This pain is all I have.
As she speaks I fall apart.
I fell in love, she didnt.
Transmission: This is Casinni. Still online.
i took a shit last night
Drug addict/lone planet; no difference.
They fought like a drunk lemur.
Back when problems were your own.
For sale: Treadmill- does not run.
Your compassion just killed that creature.
Vatican deserted after scream-filled night.
Italian restaurant replaced by microwave meal.
Bananas!
We all die in the end.
I thought she was the one.
The SS Georgie continued to float.
Six words are more than enough.
White flag was splattered with red.
The bleeding will stop eventually, regardless...
They can buy the law
"Class is done." Puts down ladle.
Six words are just too little.
Once like us: Soon like them.
Deer graze on grass above graves
But the screams had already stopped
Forsaken...bell rang for no one.
PETA win war. Brunus edwardii extinct.
when leaked databases merge with others
coming to a neighborhood near you
The monsters weren't them, but us
Thomson the one Testicle american shill.
Click HERE to avoid all SCAMS!!!!
PETA win war. Brunus edwardii extinct.
Fitness magazine: "WANT THIS BODY?" Steroids.
As a neurosurgeon, I need brains.
Now, without you, I miss myself.
"Actually, our friendship is beautiful enough"
Too bad that didnt kill me.
The scary noises? Just ignore them.
"...talkin' all tough with your lis..."
Approaching comet's tail is engine exhaust.
The Final Silent Meal They'd Have.
Bad back beckons bath: wine replies.
Please choose. The clock is ticking!
He was thinking louder than usual.
lover's kiss on cheek ends tears
His hand in mine, utter ecstasy
Doctor said I had three weeks.
"...some cave paintings of mushroom clouds"
His last words: "Fuck you, redlight."
She said "aa isn't a word".
"It's our little secret" whispered daddy
Her breath, like needles against me.
I was born. Lived. Died.
Awaking alone, I let them rest.
All my cracks, sealed with gold.
On the brink, facing the abyss.
I wish I were dead.
Ravioli Ravioli, give me the formuoli.
On sale- Brand new baby shoes
I miss making memories with you.
Searching. Found love. Damn, searching's funner.
Mental note: red mushrooms apparently poisonous.
zOnly constant in life is change
Angels are truly worse than demons.
No social circles, I'm a square.
The dreaded job - the final day.
For sale: Baby shoes. Never worn.
"Bears, Beets, Battlestar Galactica" - Dwight Schrute
Kneeling, they didn't look like Angels
Knock on bedroom door. Home alone.
Happiness? I've never felt that emotion...
I just ate some chicken fingers.
One more last drink. Yet Again.
Breaking News: Area 51 is compromised.
Never again, we said yet again
All that work to get nowhere.
Does applesauce also scare the doctor?
Please just give me a chance.
Wanted roommates. Rented a haunted house.
You are the painkiller I need.
Does Flint have water yet? [unanswered]
He read to Green to think
He reads too much to think
Wake up babe, you're damaged too.
Writers only write; they don't do.
by that kiss we were undone
Visited heaven, they sent me back.
Eventual lovers, contentedly friends, for now.
Today's okay. I'll hang myself tomorrow.
Wounds can heal, but never hide.
Damn! Payroll direct deposit didnt work.
Wanted: loving child for abandoned mother
Hand that played violin, picks cotton.
It's coming. God help us all.
Now that you believe me - goodbye
Teddy bears on an empty grave.
"Against all odds, she woke up."
"It's benign! Oh wait, wrong file."
Spent too much time doing nothing.
Six word stories, here I go
"Time to clean the house!" "House?"
Originally, this was only an exercise.
Not her father. Just her dad.
"I wanted to marry you, once."
Six billion actors work for free
Funny joke. I LOL:ed
Saw me, heard me, loved me.
I had a gun, now roses.
Dad's most valuable gift. Quality time.
~~test~~
Fuck. It's too late to sleep.
Maria had to re-learn her signature.
Waiting is a waste of time.
Cheeseburgers gobbled, where once lions roamed.
Cheeseburgers gobbled, where once lions roamed.
Why can't I love you anymore ?
Twenty comments, NO upvotes, keep trying.
They burned our books and witches.
Even here, I don't fit in.
Drinking fountain for human beings only.
I used sail, boat for sale.
And they adventured daringly ever after
Never finds time to make due.
Cant you find my Blogs dippshits
Surprise! Happy Birthday! Who wants cake?
Last seen online: 365 days ago.
Climbed a mountain and told everyone
My mind found theirs and proliferated.
Burning wood screams in smoke signals.
His snaps: her. Her snaps: dog.
She realized heaven was a lie.
Motorcycle air-conditioning! Best. Investment. Ever.
"Kill me,you son of a "
When I pray, heaven weeps lead
Sadly, he disagreed, just to disagree.
On the door: "Pediatric Palliative Care"
Wife don't trust, child babysits me.
Ostriches do not see any causalities
Mommy, when is daddy coming back?
"Noah! No, NASA...prepare the boat"
"Turn clockwise," small child reads baffled.
How I killed her? With neglect.
"Turn clockwise," small child reads baffled.
I am more than my parts?
Nobody hears the songs she inspires.
She forgot there were peanuts inside.
"Death before Dishonor" he proclaimed youthfully.
Contemplating my existence resurrected terrible feelings.
First, the AI deactivated our cellphones.
He's just like us, only human.
I need eight hours of sleep.
She said black, he said white.
Satan tortures suicidal man with immortality
Sticking around for her. Shes enough.
It was never about the money.
A buzz, and a red veil.
A single speech, and empires fall.
Still looking for my player two.
We proved all the doctors wrong!
Mama, this is my true papa?
Why can't I get it together?
We Sell Saas as a Service
You'll no longer be everyone's favourite.
Could you pass me that knife?
Electronic consciousness. I AM! ...alone. Uninstalling.
go on holiday. come back fatherless.
I don't mind the sun sometimes
Black men, white cops, beer.
Ice cream and sunset with me?
Too many plans. Not enough wine.
Sorry I forgot your birthday, son.
Do you ever remember being happy?
"What an innocent child...", laments priest.
The child derailed the speeding locomotive.
Date failed by a tummy ache
I loved you; you left me
Yes, beacuse the heirs have motive.
Terror aboard the ship. Uncountable tentacles
[Meta] Six Words is Limiting Stories?
We should've known  Captcha trained THEM.
Wasted Six Words While Prefacing Story
Im yopur insuperable angel of death
Midnight pancakes, in the diner, alone.
Only until tomorrow, then it's over.
Someone, somewhere said something seriously sinister.
"Mom, it's not just a phase!"
The everyone is idiot except me
we're all nobodies to the dirt
Please, help... (this isn't a story...)
Screaming muffles as I cut deeper.
Google: How to write own obituary
Closed my eyes. Now I'm dead.
"I will not repeat myself. I..."
Buddhist extermination squad reincarnated as Rohingya.
I forgot which Korea to bomb...
"Mom, dad? We need to talk."
"Ma, that you?....Oh, my God!"
Together, we will giver be happy
The yelling stopped after the gunshots
Neighbors are auditioning for Stomp apparently.
Last words: "what a lovely meal".
It's worth more to save me
The scan revealed his leaving date.
Aged and blind. Saw everything already.
Found cop's notebook full of poetry.
Champion jockey swallows Pride, crowd vomits.
I have no gender. Only rage.
Breath. Pairs. Except once; now twice.
"Red, Yellow, Blue, African-American, Green. "
Can't complain. I do. I can.
Uncle annotates out God in AA.
Nobody's coming, it's up to us.
Change to Settings. Tired of Options.
Water
My body aches for your touch
All them burnt shill journo's HILLARIOUS
My funeral was shit. Murderous cheapskates.
Saved! Arachnid and swine become BFF's.
Smiling, she snuggled into his arms.
Dont dox them dox there families
Woke halfway through my own autopsy.
Chicago Deploys More Police, Crime-rate Increases
I'm hers, she doesn't know me.
Love the way her hair folds
"Should be deeper." "He'll fit."
His eyes are my "something blue."
Your picture's gone from the frame
These bats aren't blind: Proceed carefully.
I wrote a six word story.
"I like you". ..Sorry, I'm drunk.
Nihilism: becoming one with the bullshit.
I am the mother of success.
Judge grants her rapist joint custody.
Judge granted her rapist joint custody.
I Upvoted This: A Short Story
Much to young to face death
Not one sigal kilobyte will meet
The happy meal did not work.
"Is standard deviation perverted?" schoolboard ponders.
For sale: unopened parachute. Small stain.
Dad spotted in bank. Heist cancelled.
I understand why she left now.
I'd be hers, if she asked.
It laid there, shallow and untruthful.
Look what you made me do.
"He lied" doesn't make it deep.
"A quick death," officer agrees, lying.
FACEBOOK USER - **Message failed to send**
"Standard deviation... perverted?" Homeschooling mom ponders.
"You OK?" "Yeah," they both lied.
Spent his life just muddling through.
The saltiest drop was the sweetest.
I'm done! New life, new me.
Look at you. You need help.
Effect and cause
Love story
I invented the shake weight, AMA!
Failing at everything, but breathing. *Cough*
The bassist thought he was important.
Not tonight. I'm trying to sleep.
The bruises still exist. He doesn't.
Found her pictures. Couldn't delete them.
Siri, delete the quit smoking app.
Siri, delete my quit smoking app.
I am a part of nothing.
Curtains are moving.So are planets.
#sixwordstory
"Honey?" Pillow's damp. Tears? But, why?
My biggest mistake was you son.
Megachurch transforms into Megamecha, beheads Harveyzilla.
Photographer shoots politician. No camera present.
Megachurch transforms into Mecha, beheads Harvey.
I'm unsubscribing, this subreddit is DEPRESSSING!
Megachurch transform into Mecha, beheads Harvey.
He's still here? Call the police.
The corpse squealed. We know everything.
"End of life care" he answered.
Found: missing child, buried in ash.
Her pillows wet. Tears. But, why?
Kiss me, Sir Humphrey Lexington Bogarth?
The face transplant went horribly right.
She broke up with me today.
This pain has consumed my youth.
"What's sadness?" they asked, crying.
That pardon isn't from public opinion.
I'm kissing you to forget her.
Deli meat distracted her guard dogs.
You are a light without shadows.
Critically critizing critics; critics criticized critically!
Police police police police police police.
Heard screams from that burning coffin.
"Hell yeah, I know how to count!"
My love, eyes glassy, skin cold....
Uppity servants now armed, send help!
Meaning everything to her meant... *yawn*.
Easing her death, knowing "Me, alone."
Told her everything. "I don't care."
Zombie Osama: "More airport shoe tribute!"
Armenia demographics: 98% homophobic, 4% gay
She says well never speak again.
Justified by argument, the murderer walked.
Unsinkable ship, recently found deep underwater.
Survived tough times, came back stronger
I remember everything I will forget.
"You're not invited to my funeral"
Went looking for trouble... Found it.
Her morning coffee reeked of gin.
Queen's chess pieces pawned to bishop.
Nightly meowing... but not from cats.
The mirages were contagious. I wept.
A greenish sun rose without warning.
Hi, I'm Tom....... Hi, I'm Tom........
Houston said, "We have a problem."
I stopped short. She didn't know.
She walks before I can talk.
Utilise the system. Facilitate the deaths.
"Checkmate, dad". And we cried together.
Sadly, I got herpes giving CPR.
No one heard the sirens wail.
Love. Is it supposed to hurt?
Vegan diet. I only eat vegans.
He intercepted my letters every time.
I sent a letter. He intercepted.
Mom died. Dad is in prison.
"Natural Causes" declared the lazy coroner.
We fought. We won. We wept.
Wendy's beside a Weight Watchers...Cha-Ching!
Childhood trauma: changed the man.
Christs wine cellar: just for show.
Mother's an unreliable parent... reliable friend.
You should go and love yourself.
Look what you made me do.
Bear was drunker. I still lost.
"Houston here. We have a problem".
Thick and hard to pick up
Good setting. Great character. Terrible dialogue.
Extra extra extra extra extra virgin
Great setting. Great character. Terrible dialogue.
Sorting my guns by flavour tonight.
I want someone to talk to.
Spot protected Tabitha from sky booms
Childish Dreams: A collection of sixwordstories
Marry. Kill. Fuck. In that order.
Can't believe my Penis Mightier worked!
"It could be worse," said Death.
Afraid to say.... I'm in love.
I waited in vain for her.
My soulmate charges $100 per hour.
Father, years later, returns from cvs
I'm not... not really thaat drunk
"perfectly stable" he said. Yeah, right
I just wanted to be yours.
I have good hand mouth coordination.
Here I am, Standling; silent; screaming.
I do not regret your death.
"Earthworms!" he said with baited breath.
Cursing him, she dug two holes.
After she left, I feel cold.
Choices don't always occur from problems
Need some quality time with myself.
The sound of clocks and crickets.
Drank milk. Now have diarrhea. Shit.
The Game of Life - 1 credit(s)
Nice? . . . . . . NICE!!? Larry, he eat babies!
Two yesterday. One today. None tomorrow.
Pizza boy no longer... pizza man.
These subreddit mods are complete [removed]
Her dad forced them to marry.
550lb-load rope for sale, used, once.
His buddies survived only in nightmares
She died. But never left me.
She hides sadness in her pockets
Shes in the toy box now.
Cause of death: dedication to cause.
She waits. War ended. No homecoming.
Depressed girl. I'll save her!!! Didn't.
Be very careful, he's sorta dangerous.
Bought some chocolate. Made her day.
Why you gotta be like that??
Man, why you talking like that?
Soup's tasted odd since Chef disappeared.
We were pebbles enjoying the waves.
One too many, but not enough.
Guy with full Starbucks gets guac
Got bit. Wolfed out. Silver bullet.
We're together! Downside? Well, the zombies.
We're together! Downside? After the apocalypse...
Mistakes were made, but never you
Peace: to no longer suffer justice.
They alaways fall for bad ones
Braille skin.... he feels his way
Safety net cannot hold my weight
What once was is forever lost
I loved you once. Never again.
Saw it again. Not sleeping tonight.
Dad is talking to himself again.
Delicious dinner. Having Pepcid for dessert.
Jenny was his doormat, then ashtray.
*walks into crowded room* "OK GOOGLE..."
Say thank you. "Happy Birthday!" Fuck.
I'm not really, really that drunk
Blind goddess Justice, receive our sacrifice!
that's enough. That's enough! THAT'S ENOUGH!!!
Not all that glitters is gold.
"Probably an eclipse" thought the dinosaur.
"Welcome," the CEO announced, "to 2099."
It was a crime of apathy.
Grammar Nazis Elected, illiteracy now illegal.
Woke up, then took a rest.
"Floor's lava!" She was the one.
At last I felt my body.
No Windows in Basement! Help Me.
for sale: eclipse glasses. never worn.
Eclipse should have ended days ago...
His basement has no window anymore
Grampa feeds Gramma soup with tenderness.
"Cute! " "Special!" "Precious!" "Your kid's ugly."
I fell apart late at night.
She said "tomorrow" six year ago.
Staring competition interrupted by passing train.
I'd rather be single than wrong
I wasn't there when I died.
I saw her today; still hurts.
Coffee can only do so much
Millions condemned her from their homes.
Slave. Padawan. Brother. Darth. Father. Savior.
Sitting naked.Drinking beer.Drying clothes.
Things were worth past the apathy
Things are worth past the apathy.
His last breath sounded like relief.
I can't handle everything. So, friends.
The missing girl...I found it...
He's immensely likable, just not lovable.
"love you"; Read. Last active, yesterday.
Altitude One hundred, sixty, thirty, te-
She was the one. I wasn't.
It feels nice ordering two pizzas.
If only Haikus were Six words...
WTF has happened to this sub?
...Freudian clit. Slit! Slut! Oh, boy.
Life sucks when you be uncreatively
"Sorry, I only perform at funerals."
I'm the Dave Kotkin of beer.
I know nothing, but I'm loud
Life sucks, and then you die
They fell. No bones were broken.
One click, and it all disappeared
you're the parent, act like one
i know they wanted a boy
"Trust me. You've studied enough." - Netflix
At least my dog loves me.
Every day he stayed the same.
Set her gaydar on optimistic. Again.
I cant sleep momma, hes here
Peace of mind, one trigger away.
"Sudo, end invasion!" Earth overcome Borg.
...and the baby cried no more.
"My dream job? Uh, actually Jedi."
Europe, Saturday: great fear; greater bravery.
Just Walking Around With A Floppy
I feed a cat bread once.
"My dream job? Uh, actually Jedi."
"What if... ?" Never said. Often thought.
Redemption sought on double coupon day.
Electronic consciousness. I AM!!! ......alone. Uninstalling........
Too tried for weekend to fix.
Wanted so much more from life.
Erase ugly historical periods. Forget. Repeat...
Another day, another dollar in debt.
Sleep, Drive, Work, Drive, Sleep...Repeat.
Her dorm was never a home.
Youre reading one of my thoughts.
Found myself once. It was awful.
Child goes bald, never enters manhood.
Man goes bald before entering manhood.
Anakin came. He saw the younglings.
Stop being afraid of that thing.
He learns czech by watching porn.
He watches porn only in french.
Anger stops enemies from being brothers.
Black vs. White: Hoods &amp; Hoodies
No one died, lives were lost.
Mortician hears voices; turns a necrophiliac.
Not all the dead are buried.
Her understudy whispered, "...break a leg"
Your past is gone move on
"My life, your heart, his money."
Returning from vacation. Condom box unopened.
How do you listen to racists?
Shes most comfortable when being choked.
McCarthy, the boy who cried "Red"
"Old phones only made phone calls?"
The door opened. He shat himself.
[Scumbag Steve: "KNOW THYSELF" ... CHECKS KARMA.] Checks karma.
Work unhappiness has migrated to home
...perhaps, one day, I will forget...
"P"... She types into his browser.
Six word story
He heard his old voice afar.
I waited for her. Chocolates melted....
Man Starves to Death; Rats Feast.
Beans for Sale, Warning: Contains Giants
Toronto Maple Leafs.Still a believer.
"I don't care" but he did.
I Just Want to Be NORMAL
Ellipses appeared, danced, vanished. No reply.
I'm alive, except in your heart.
Lost my friends to the internet.
Upvoting my posts ... using other accounts
She often sat alone, among company.
Turns out "synergyzing" means "firing me"
Craving his control, she quivered precipitously.
I'M SIGNIFICANT!! Screamed the dust speck.
Life goes on... it has to
Seeing my reflection in her eyes
I'm easily offended? You're not serious?
Desperately trying to create something new.
I think I'm in love ............... FUCK
Imagination sparked by texts never received
She laughed. And he never came.
The towering structure buckled, then fell.
I loved you, broken man pleads.
I lost everything. I'm alright now.
Living PING! life PING! distractedly PING!
I could stay. I won't though.
Complex mind crippled by lacking vocabulary.
Refugee dreams American. Rich. Pretty. Independent.
Today: the expectation behind his gift.
People like people who like people
Refugee dreams American. Rich. Pretty. Independent.
You noticed me, I watched you.
I need to take a dump
Live, die alone. Love, die together.
Her voice flowed with the breeze.
He came. He saw. He ordered.
She died doing what she loved.
"Listen to me!" - shouted the fish.
You shrug, and it's the worst
Only one pink line. Thank god.
"Life offers no shortcuts..."[Skip Ad]
Nah, she knows I love her.
"You'll be fine" consoled unfamiliar voice.
Clad in little, "it's summer somewhere!"
Story embodied brevity. Cargo cult wit.
Extreme liberal wakes from coma. "Hell?"
"Uh, Siri?" "I have a boyfriend."
Starry-eyed, meteor conflagrates. And eyes dazzle.
A challenged belief costs innocent lives.
She cried. It was too late.
The Shadow People are great conversationalists.
'State of emergency' is becoming common.
We are evil gods to ants.
"That prime rib was surprisingly good."
My wife texted "I'm leaving you"
Late to realize she was imaginary
He couldn't play catch by himself.
Reddit posts never got to r/all.
My wife is a future widow
He taught himself how to shave
I threw a party. Nobody came.
Crickets. Solitude, my dear old friend.
Heard something, saw nothing. Shrugged. Died.
He went for broke. Found broke.
human on train, needs to shit
Listen baby, i'm not those dudes
He loved her. She loved herself.
"Hahahahahahahahaha," she typed, her face expressionless.
"Any last words?" "Delete my history"
Mama-bear, furious: "Whats SHE doing here?"
The mutant grew in my belly.
Keep chiseling your block of marble.
Hell saves atheists who fear death
I terminated. He will never know.
Please, I just want to sleep.
Oooooh a TV Tropes link. 2AM???????????
Found wife's vibrator in son's drawer.
Coffee. Podcast on. Rocking with friends.
Everybody now knows what Antarctica entombed.
stomach growling, just do another line.
Trans Anarchist Gunnut proves Reiman Hypothesis
Johnny Cash is on my side.
I can't take it any more.
Looking for: Apartment, only one bedroom
Nobody wanting it, reality quickly deteriorated.
Old men start wars, not revolutions.
White knuckles, black eye, blue balls.
One week to three months behind.
"...one more word" he begged. Sadly....
Honestly thought it was a fart.
"Just one more word" he begged. Sadly....
He slipped easily into little spoon.
Illiterate actor role ambiguity eat? act?
Social justice warrior admits war crimes.
"American tea, comrade?" "Well, proper tea's..."
Taught AI to fish. Fish extinct.
"American tea, comrade?" "Well, proper tea's..."
He smells like shit and "Unscented".
Mom was a better dad anyway.
Sunset has never come so fast.
Now the hanging tree holds swings.
Pipe dreams give secondhand smoke too.
I arranged my heart around you.
She reminded herself, hes only temporary.
His armour punctured, his life, ebbing.
Everyone dies, but she never lived.
I couldn't ignore the Potato's girth
Time to run! From what? THAT!
Good God, they are just children.
"What? Amsterdam?" "It's for studying, mum!"
She never did tell me who.
Slept eating myself,Dream or Reality?
Unlocked HER iphone with moving train.
Lost myself in her narrowing mind.
The masked nurses, watching, placed bets.
I graduated. Mom celebrated. Dad... re-evaluated.
Mr. Duck will set you free.
He thought outside the bottle today.
The sun's blood welcomed the poachers.
Daydreaming - memories sprinkling yesterday's happiness EVERYWHERE.
Superpower launches war. Drug addicts win.
Crush: Did you brush your teeth?
Six words is not enough for
Money and upvotes are equally abstract.
My conjoined twin is threatening me.
"Pavlov's dogs trained him," they said.
Promises of change begin the routine.
Lost in thought when being taught
A house AND avocado toast?! Crazy!
"Are you straight or gay?" "Yes."
Looking for: human-body repair shop
Unfortunately, his Mothers have started growing.
The Warden said, gently, "It's time."
Born in the USA, soon deported.
Have a story, twelve words though...
"I don't want to hur.." *gunshot*
It's survival... To devour her young.
Right attitudes will pay your bills.
Kings only bow down to Queens
We all bleed just the same
Where's capitain? I'm your captain now.....
Nobody to boss. Handling that badly.
They're stopping chemo. Guess I'm done.
"It's okay. Can't catch scarred wrists. "
My Father's tumors are now shrinking.
Three children, two rings, one liar.
Moving towards nothing, hoping for everything.
His OCD results slipped his attention.
Moist-eyed, he captions 'progress pic'. Unwavering .
He titled everything 'progress pic' - hopefully.
Police: Recent murders circle Fletcher gravesite.
Does this funeral home have wi-fi?
He smiled, but his eyes didn't.
My past, present, future. Your eyes.
"Coke." Pepsi okay? "DID I STUTTER??"
Coke. "Pepsi okay"? DID I STUTTER!?
Translator Needed! ...My boss has ulcers.
Am I submissive? You tell me.
What's less said is more implied.
- My dick is hard... - To find?
The falling snow muffled their laughter
Dad made dinner, Mom didn't eat
The map. The Cave. The Treasure.
His final wish got me arrested.
These are happy tears, I swear.
Struggling soldier saved by welcoming family.
Hi! Two one-way tickets please.
His payslips never reflect, "rising economy".
An accident, two victims, three coffins.
The worst hell: an unheard scream.
Scared kid blows out 18 candles.
Their throne was a love seat.
A dream unfulfilled is a curse
Thousands of dreams. Tens woke up.
Mom's funeral: 8. Alarm missed: Noon.
"Your Discover playlist has breakup songs"
Child's trauma: cross above his bed
Blank Cheque Found; Cool Sunglasses Bought.
"Meteor impact in three, two, one-"
Withered lilacs strewn across the bed
You were my happily ever after.
Last zombie. Last man. Two zombies.
Left afraid. It was too good.
"I'll call him Dave!" decided Barkydog.
His timeline's happy, and he's sad.
Personally, I find sad stories enjoyable.
Relevant to this subreddit: xkcd #1540
"Can we date?" Backspace. "Hi." Send.
I was only trying to help.
Jesus crucified Friday, missed long weekend.
But he could not save himself.
Charles was executed, he was lucky
Charges were dropped after the execution.
Necromancer perfects dinosaur resurrection, chaos ensues
Seven words: too long; didn't read
"Sorry, Just can't make the funeral."
"Please, just let me die sober"
Disturbingly, Grandma flirts during diaper changes.
mysterious pigs encroach upon a starship
Conspiracy theorist, Jesus Christ, found crucified.
I just posted this to Reddit.
"Any last words?" "Yes, just three."
Equality for some, just not you
Money,Virginity&Kidneys.I lost Everything.
"Abuse?" Whatever dad's do seems normal.
"Innocent!" (Time never returns, she thinks.)
I thought she loved me, too.
"Morning, Lana," I said to Marie.
I've lost you, before we began...
He screamed for ice cream. Forever.
The stray dog knew many tricks.
"How? With this! The mayor's semen!"
My grandparents shouldn't have had kids.
She read my palm; "three weeks".
She asked if it's in yet.
Jesus: "Vodka? I only do wine!"
Jesus Christ! Magician taken too seriously.
We held hands behind her back.
Monday, puppy food. Wednesday, unopened returns.
He held 'his child' she assured
Stories scare and excite us simultaneously
Addiction's an itch I can't scratch.
Makes bad jokes and worse decisions.
Holding a knife, releasing a soul
Lived and learned. Tried and died.
Oenologists study wine. I study ABV.
The depressed therapist killed himself today
Only caring mistakes haunt the soul.
"Fart! It's a gas." - Jumping Jack
"Saturday?" "You're a sweet guy, but...."
Bursts of passion never last long.
Christmas Crook
You love olives? Good. I hate'em.
"First Law of Robotics", said Killbot.
My heart beats in fragmented pieces
"Bring out your dead." Nobody answered.
"Throw my ashes in the bin"
Lonely, single. Her relationship advice? Excellent.
Dating bunjeejump instructor - No strings attached
We struggled, grieving. They debated inheritances.
Felt so guilty for feeling good.
Love letter stitched on her heart
Holding on, but it's not enough
The dead fall, their flesh dripping.
Humans: Beings who fear the unknown
"Sometimes they blink", said the mortician.
[Meta] why are six word stories so depressing / dark in general ?
Lost and found: somebody to love
I hid behind pillboxes of flesh
"What's for dinner?" He muttered, "You"
Mornings first thought, evenings last tear.
It went badly. She died twice.
"love" shouldn't be followed by "but"
...but not IN love with you...
Sleeping With Fishes: Necrophiliac's Wet Dream
Santa Surprised By Pig's Boiling Pot
Snake: Hallelujah! They're Vegan, Not Chinese.
Snake: Hallelujah! They're Vegans, Not Carnivores.
Snake: Luckily, Vegans Are Not Carnivores....
An Explosion, Two Victims. Three Widows.
Leftover Humans Kept For Turing Test
A single tear blurred the end
Home's where the heart is. Unfurnished.
After near death, now I live.
On second thought, don't Google that.
Realize the enormity of your luck.
I love you, and so, goodbye.
Lunchlady smuggles popular kid hot meal.
Chipped tooth. Patchy beard. Gold watch.
"I'm unhappy." Shouted. But, not aloud.
The filth, the fury, the freedom!
Priorities changed everything, even your promise.
"Great, bye!" ... and I loved again.
Cared lot once, eventually heartless now
Cared a lot once, now heartless.
Destruction feels like mercy these days.
Everyone I love, I hurt, irreparably
New here, can you clarify how
Did it all for the pickles
I dreamt I was checking email
Session canceled. My therapist committed suicide.
I wasnt ready. It happened anyway.
Researchers terminates AI that invented AI .
Airplane Mode ON / Join WorldTradeCenterWifi? Boom.
Concussion Crisis: California bans high-school football.
Light falls. I stumble griefwards blind.
"Suicide Note: Zero Likes" - Now Trending
Alcoholic Recovery: Collecting More Emptied Bottles
AA-Meeting: Stopped By, not drinking
"It's not opposite day." "Yeah, right."
Light falls. I stumble griefwards blind.
This is our happy ending: Goodbye.
Drinking, he devised suicide plan: Drinking.
I'm no longer your student. Coffee?
I told her everything. No response.
The dialysis parking lot was full.
Brain damage. But the screaming fans...!
This is a really depressing subreddit
"Our generation's angsty teen music's different!"
Wait, I can only put six?
An asteroid passed by... Carry on
In the end it wasn't enough.
"'I'm sorry, i'm trying' I think"
He walked encrypted beside 7,400,000,000 secrets.
Shakespeare, dead 400, hooks another reader.
Enthralled, re-reading assigned book I'd hated.
Concussion Crisis. California bans high-school football.
/r/gatekeeping: "Linkin Park's rock now. Possibly."
Pull up, One hundred, forty, twen-
You can't spell healthcare without THC
Even Jesus had some wet dreams
Baby noisy shake shake baby quiet.
Broken arms. Feeling horny. Call mom.
My heart ached for what was.
"Please haunt me, I beg you!"
Unemployment rate's down to fifty percent.
Bed is a sick man's prison.
Every song brings buckets of tears
Farted. Wasn't a fart. Ah, shit.
Plan A: Headlines. Plan B: /r/sixwordstories.
Plan A: Headlines. Plan B: /e/sixwordstories.
Plan A: Headlines. Plan B: /r/sixwordstories.
This is test. This is test.
Plan A: Headlines. Plan B: /r/sixwordstories.
Plan A: Headlines. Plan B: /r/sixwordstories.
Plan A: Headlines. Plan B: /r/sixwordstories
"It started crying." Lab results: Inconclusive.
Word limit reached. Story suffers accordingly.
He drinks to forget drinking problems.
Priceless renaissance painting destroyed. "My bad...."
operation successful: patient deceased, consciousness uploaded.
Altitude. Altitude. One hundred. Fifty. Twenty.
On weighing scale, donuts in hands.
Farted. Wasn't a fart. Ah, shit.
Drugs are dangerous, not for me.
Empty bottles make my dad happy
Again we travel in the darkness
Pursued happiness. Now lost. Somewhat contentedly.
Serendipitous dyslexia, man walks into bra
Victorious dems spot graffiti. "Realism's Pessimism."
These challenges maybe they'll lead- Aha!
Pursued happiness. Now lost. Somewhat contentedly.
Afternoon toddling away in booties. Happiness.
They slept as the shore disappeared.
Humans can only live so long!
"leave," he said, through the floorboards.
Wasted so much time being sad.
"Why would you do this?" "Love."
i'll sing to you again tomorrow
He died trying to save himself.
She'd been coming home for months
Pregnant. So is the other woman.
What a difference a lay makes!
The last camel died at noon.
"You're a man!" Her heart sunk.
Sanity is nothing but an illusion
"Love you jack" She told David
"911? Sorry, I killed my therapist"
"911, Sorry...I killed my therapist"
"911? Sorry, I killed my therapist"
EJK?
And in the end, he mattered.
The smell of freshly cut grass.
Inappropriate and embarrassing outbursts? My superpower.
Toddlers can't not spill their drinks
Chinese restaurant near pound, business booming.
"Daddy, what were non-robo animals like?"
Road-raging self-driving car kills another one!
"We're... vegetarians..." "Beacause of the bees?!?!"
Plants Feel Pain: Vegans Starve Worldwide
Lost my loved ones this year
The weights are slowly crushing her.
-Where's my wife? -I'm your wife...
You PROMISED this would kill me!
Ninety kilogram stone, three hundred metres.
"Find x," pleads Algebra heartbroken again.
"Find x" pleads heartbroken Algebra again.
America! The land of the free*
Welcome to Heaven. Pay for premium?
Earth #19. Cause of failure: humanity.
Got bored then broken. Again.
Thong or Dipthong on her loin?
"Find my x" demanded Algebra again.
He enjoys dancing in the bathroom !
Love in their eyes, facing away
Your hair on my bed, reminding.
Heart was removed - man definitely dead
Heart was removed
It's freezing, standing in the sun
Soul windows
Their first date, her last meal
Random Word Generator Almost Writes Grapefruit
Removed our chain tattoos for her.
Coughed blood, but no health insurance...
Trust me...? - as she smiled. "Always"
The last sunrise was too late.
Frozen ready meal - single serving life.
Awoken by the phone at 3am
Cold heart warmed, and then broken.
I finally cut my fingernails short.
Though she knew, still continued playing.
He loves her but he's confused.
Highs and lows take you further.
Your cold heart was finally broken.
I dont recognize myself without depression.
I smiled. She laughed. Damn oreos.
Biopsy report: Malignant. Autopsy report: Benign.
Death can be beautiful, sometimes wished
Mars portal leaking air. Them/Us?
Millions cheered as democracy was dismantled
"Too busy to talk right now."
He sits alone, reminiscing good times :)
Near encounter with the third kind.
Solitary or social ? Solitary I said
He ran. She left. He hung.
Wanted:Child coffin. EDIT: not needed!
Far too late to say sorry.
I can't believe it's not butter.
D'em zombies don't deserve "human" rights.
His songs sang survive. He tried.
Empty parking lots litter America. Teleportation.
I am addicted to sadness. Help.
Suicide takes a lot of courage.
Depression, it's real and it kills.
breaking down as i read them
Number one reason for suicide? Hopelessness
Im turned-on by my flaccid penis.
'are you ok?' - Sent 9.11.01 - Unreceived
You didn't realize I love you.
'Are you ok?' - Sent 9.11.01 - Unreceived
Divorced salesman: "no refunds on love"
New America Franchise Announced, Syrian Location
'Where are you?' - Sent 9.11.01 - Unreceived
Just as I suspected, lung cancer.
EDIT: Is this long enough now?
Lost: Two Hearts, Necklace and Mine
And that's how you get ants.
There's never enough time to talk
Suicide is a hateful, impatient vulture.
To meet again would mean love.
To meet again would mean everything.
Neighbors' missing underwear. Grandpa's revived kleptomania.
I feel better now you're gone.
Fake it like you love me.
"Nothing is absolute," he said absolutely.
No sir, the stethoscope isn't broken.
He was too lazy to Breathe.
But I am one of 'them'.
My friend said LGBTs are gross.
I thought you'd miss me too.
20/7-A
waiting room clock stopped - repair delayed
I comfort her for hurting me.
Previously gay transgender woman becomes lesbian
I understand now. It's my fault.
Together today. Apart tonight. Alone tomorrow.
Theology replaces apathetic secularism from within
apathy begot sympathy; hatred bred love
Hairstylist wishes hair would never grow.
Some hooligan stole my rye bread
Older I get....less I care
Dyslexic children get presents from Satan
So small, so sweet, so soon.
Holding hands I let her go.
"For you, My everything. I will."
"Darklord, they've su- su- su- summoned THE FAT PLUMBER! "
Satan, curing dyslexia, feels curiously saddened.
"I like watching their eyes fade..."
General dead. Enemies closing in. Goodbye.
I was infinite, you were not.
A year later, I forgive you
No, ugh! Type showerthoughts not showerthots
Short sentences have the strongest impact
"There aren't any bullets in th-"
There was no app for that...
Waking, I'm blind. Screaming, no sound.
Earth exploded. Nowhere to go now...
"All my tears have dried," - Grandma
Greeting and goodbye kisses taste different.
We're finally growing together...growing apart.
Signed the marriage certificate, as witness.
Words: Double-edged swords for the soul.
Everything was hopeless. Then you happened.
Hot date with Daenerys Targaryen, Smokin!
I know nothing, claimed God, intimately.
Two tests returned: A and positive.
He was somebody else's "somebody else."
Just please let me sleep forever
I can't hear the music anymore
"Talk to you later." Delete contact.
He's three months, I'm stage four.
The last of anything never lasts.
Heavily rose-tinted, exactly his prescription.
"Is this what death looks like?"
I am not so sure anymore.
He returned after I moved on.
Life's a joke, deaths the punchline
Move bitch, get out the way!
She went. He went. She left.
They shot down our welcome satellite.
Death follows him like a shadow.
"Apologize." "Past tense. Passive voice. Objectless."
Husband, our daughter misses second Mommy.
Code blue in Pediatrics. ...never mind.
I've faked my way through life.
Bob knew it still wasn't over
Lost people, but not the walls.
I never showed them his note.
Grandma will never fall down again.
Kendall...you have opened me up
Grandchildren bored by my childhood treasures.
Finally got the joke. It's me.
I slept. She packed and left.
Before it's cool, hipster sips coffee.
Forgetting our love; cherishing our promise.
Communist resurgence. Lots of red flags.
Before it's cool, hipster sips coffee.
Dwarf shortage leads to human shortage.
Forged ties, darkness hides... deep divides.
Pudding at the salad bar is...
He will never kiss me anymore.
You told me you were sore.
Homeless man dies from cold hearts.
Seven word stories are too hard.
'miss u x' - 8:33 9.11.01 - Unreceived
"54% effective"... Taken Mifepristone; changed mind.
America: The Land of the Free
Her bones brought the room together.
She loves so much except herself
Global SMS Alert: WE HAVE ARRIVED
"My wisest decision? Becoming a MechaGiraffe."
How has nobody shot him yet?
We met! To say goodbyes again.
I predict the end is near.
Grandpa's kleptomaniac impulses misconstrued as Alzheimer's.
You are still my worst addiction
"Bedtimes a social construct," mutters five-year-old.
Nobody said it, but you're alright
Live. Don't make your dad cry.
Trailblazing female  mathematician dies, she corrected. 
Took Mifepristone. Changed mind. ... "54% effective"
Took Mifepristone. Changed mind. ... "46% effective"
Missing that bitter cigarette-tasted lips.
Her heart broke when his failed.
Last copy of "Fahrenheit 451", burned.
He did not see the motorcyclist.
I can't stop thinking about you...
Barry's fast, but not fast enough
"Got to go. Death is calling."
It was staring back at me.
I failed you, he lamented, again.
Requesting r/suicidenotes. Mods have been inactive.
Hillbilly family killer: Yer next, Aunty-mama!
Hope was water and she drowned
"What is myocardial infarction?" croaked Trebek.
Six?! Masters need only five.
Lost friend. Her fault. Two graves.
Concealed wounds can tell silent stories.
Children's Cake Ingredients: Milk, Flour, Arsenic...
Shahid
I try to be better; daily.
Tetraplegia
"love you." Twenty-eight years too late.
Please give the devil my thanks.
John came fifth. Received 1000 years.
"Herbal's not proper-" "Proper tea's theft!
Brake fluid addiction. I can stop!
Who's eyes appear behind the painting?
Behind my hate lay great love.
Nobel Peace laureate Polyphemus "hates Noone".
Nobel Peace laureate Polymesus "hates Noone".
Behind my hate lay great love.
Loneliness, the silent killer strikes again...
Forever real, the pain I feel.
Bad day? It'll be worse tomorrow
Fought for country, came back empty.
Every day I'm a shitty person
Dim lights shine bright at night
missing: who i wanted to be
Hearing brace for impact, she smiled.
Funeral. Gardenias, her favorites, everywhere. Nauseated.
Do it first, do it well.
Really Hannibal, elephants Stick to cannibalism!
Funeral. Gardenias, our favorites, everywhere. Nauseated.
Gardenias, our favorites, perfume funeral. Nauseated.
Hannibal, elephants really? Stick to cannibalism
Turns out bears hate Trump jokes.
Her gardenias? Excessively everywhere. Funeral: nauseating.
"You may now kiss your groom."
Straight on through the blackening storm.
Crying where no one knows me
Karma shows more mercy than anticipated.
Heroes, dead; comrades, gone; loves, lost.
But deep down he was angry
Logophile porn actress comes to terms.
A hobby to escape; now lauded.
Do it first, do it well.
NO! That is not my underpants.
Net neutrality? Six words will...
Morality for me. Justice for thee.
"Plagiarism? Sorry, never seen that before"
Learn to hate, learn to love
She's everything the devil can't be.
He chose pain free and addicted.
Human, robot relations. Bloody. Violent. Sexy...
Universe hurls second chance. I leap...
Earthlings: Still too primitive for contact.
Many signs signal Dad's renewed kleptomania.
In time, my mistakes will reappear.
Daddy shouldn't have. He hurt me.
Mafioso Chef sleeps with the dishes
Food and water is not enough.
Really, I'm glad you are happy.
An Alien learning about humans. Depressed.
I am surrounded by stupid NPC's.
Footprints in the snow. More blood.
A beautiful sunny day. Love life!
Quietly closing doors in my mind.
No one noticed I was missing
Lovers, wearied by love, sneak apart.
My life unthreaded. Everybody worried - slightly.
Dying, Adam comforts Eve, "Eden awaits."
Spoiler alert: Explosive. &gt;Click to see.
You know the game.
Dyslexic atheist is Dog actually real?
My life unthreaded. Everybody worried - slightly.
Dying, Adam comforts Eve, "Eden awaits."
[This] (/spoiler)
Die! No, you first. I insist.
Jimmy crack corn, I don't care
He came quickly and left quietly.
Lost in forest, mathematicians begin drinking.
Condemned to freedom? Fortunate problems, unfortunately.
"I'm pregnant." "Hello pregnant, I'm Dad."
"My life story:like the titanic"
Money's everything when you've got nothing.
We elected him; it's his fault!
"He's more machine now than man."
Top story. Copy. Paste. Submit. Repeat.
President trump reelected by a landslide
Too much. Not enough. Never happy.
She found his gravity very attractive
Marijuana "Gateway Plant". Leads to Farming.
2082: "Soul's dirt," he reads, bitterly.
AI arrives uncheered. They'd wanted magic.
Your lie in May, still stings.
Your lie in May, still stings.
"Sorry, I only date natural humans."
Okay, I get six words... wait
... You'll downvote if incorrect. "You'll downvote-"...
Climbing Everest is so much fu....
Emaciated shipwreck survivors startle salvage divers.
My priorities were a bit confused.
Found through Tinder. Lost through Grindr.
Christian Mingle ex is my mom
My son calls him Dad now.
Wedding Cancelled; Parents did not approve
Veteran comes home. No high fives.
His rose fell to the ground
Please, this is everything, I swear...
Necromancer, single, looking to raise family.
Unfortunate drone strike kills resurrected mummy.
Toddlers new toy, Mommys lost inhaler.
Two pallbearers proved to be plenty.
Escape velocity meant nothing, without her.
"I forgave you." Executioner averts eyes.
Three blind mice. Cosmetics researcher sighs.
Flying cars. Need? No. Want? Absolutely.
Lost: parents. If found, please raise.
I love you. Bye, I guess.
We'll eat the fat children first.
Makeup and Smiles hide it all
Ever remember to never forget again?
I completed my bucket list early.
Last fire lit in the universe.
"Stop resisting!" He told the corpse.
Shed skin will never fit another.
Old Faithful now punctual lava fountain.
Hes your kid, she lied, again.
Suicide note included unfinished bucket list.
If only we found it sooner...
I think about committing suicide everyday.
One project. Two cheaters. Three expulsions.
Romance: delightful, brief. Memories: sweet thorns.
Two Lovers. One Parachute. No Survivors
$20. 9ct chain. Cellphone! Homeowner? BANG.
Minimum wage job. I poop often.
"War reporter, eh? Tough job market."
At last, winter slips into mind.
Semi Truck. Driver's door. No airbag.
She laughed. "Humans burn so beautifully!"
Snow angels. Footprints. Shoe. Snow angels.
It's an emoji... not Reddit gold.
Dance with me. Im paralyzed. So?
Dance with me. Im paralyzed. So?
Its no fun when theyre alive.
I hate you more than myself.
In bed, Planning my Dreams/Death
Homeless man wins the lottery, posthumously.
My mind: Rage-filled, yet numb.
I wish she had stayed missing.
"Where do you think you are?"
Can't stop pulling my hair out
Worst-case scenario, fifty more years.
Baby had feet amputated at birth
She would've loved this years roses.
He doesn't need science in politics
Passenger's side airbag did not deploy.
They take my kindness for weakness.
Minutes until impact. "Siri, call Mom."
Snow angels. Footprints. Shoe. Snow 'angels'.
He mistook kindness for something more.
"Hello, 911? I killed my killer"
His story meant nothing to others.
I didn't mean to kill him.
People who love me: no one.
never underestimate the stupidity of politicians
I drifted away in my sleep.
I hate sentences that never fini
But I poop from there... okaaay
They've realized I can see them.
Four Zombies. Bang! Bang! Bang! Click.
Thrown rocks eventually led to nuclearization.
Killing Myself Slowly With Constant Distention
Their hurt combined destroyed one another.
But that's where I poop from...
Learning to live with my depression
Ex texted I should get tested
Bagless man yanks the squatted dog.
He greeted gravity rather than fire.
Bacon morsels from between her teeth.
I trusted him with those pictures
Life just gets better and better!
Disappointed, I opened up Tinder again.
Memories killed the veteran, not wars.
They ended the world, pressing buttons.
She cried, "I'm pregnant!" "So what?"
All these stories represent someone's reality.
Positive thoughts provide positive outcomes permanently
Tea will do for my happiness.
Bobs yer uncle, Gary, he said.
She cried I'm pregnant, I paused
Do not believe what I write
Are you sure?
Fondly remembered: teenage romance; awkward throughout.
He's more machine now than man.
Never imagined Id comfort my rapist.
Are you my daddy? Not anymore.
Just five more minutes mom, please?
[BREAKING] CNN changes slogan: We're News
Five BFFs. Two couples. Four friends.
Three friends. One couple. Two friends.
5. Two kiss. Two kiss. 4.
We're not "friends". I'm your friend.
horse ran past the barn fell
Sale: one heart, love not included
THE ARROWS BLOT OUT THE SUN
It rained cicadas black as night.
She turned her back on love
New bedroom, new family, same distance.
His son looked like his neighbor.
How's marriage? Two beds, you say...
This is NOT an upvote party! 
Wikipedia crashes. All Students fail finals.
They all pushed buttons. The End.
"Mommy!" He cried, hearing Jerry's fireworks.
"Mommy!" He cried, fearing the fireworks.
Through anonymity, their true faces shone.
One body. One tattoo. Full body.
Found my soulmate; she did not.
"Freedom isn't free". The banker smirked.
They abandoned their freedoms for security.
Y'all here for some sixual healing?
Do y'all want some sixual healing?
Immortality is stubborn, please send help.
School explains evolution omission. "Too advanced."
The abuse hid in his memories.
"Any stories?" Mom asked. No answer.
Her obituary was his suicide note.
They sighed and then, let go
They sighed, then let go
"I'm innocent"! Trap opens. Feet dance.
Burned Bridges-The Dude's not happy.
Needs story. Mouth dry. Gives statement.
Needs story. Mouth dry. Submits statement.
Burned all matches. Blocked by Tinder.
Body convulses. Lights flicker. Phone rings.
Alleyway. Stranger. Wallet. Knife. Blood. RUN!
Ticking. Alone, scared. Blue? Green? BANG!!
She whimpered from within the trunk.
Coffinbearers weave. Vicar's lost the plot.
Mountain goat on cloud. Pilots PANIC.
I trusted him with those pictures
Your priorities are a bit confused.
Daddy spanked me, belt still on.
"Quiet!" they screamed at each other
I always end up back here
I can't get over myself
It's hard not to text him
One marriage invitation: two broken hearts.
Betrayed. Now I -- No, I'm better.
Heart was just broken, what now?
I have always been bad at counting.
How do you stop loving someone?
Not an old grape. New raisin.
How can I just BE normal?
The mothers corpse, the infant nursing.
Criminalizing dissent ensures peace; Courts agree.
"Oops" [Inarticulate defense of lying followed.]
After that, there were no screams.
Always loved, but only after death
Why am I just an option?
His last words: "Hold my beer!"
'Again?', as she let him in.
Statements are not stories. Enough said.
Enormous rabbit killed. Easter on hold.
Careening into the Sun. It's hot!
I Amsterdam. I Amsterdamage. I age.
Thanks for every argument we had.
Everyone finds love. You're not everyone.
"Mine less!" "Mine fewer, Mein Fuhrer!"
"Love can unlock hearts." "Knock, knock."
Everyone's buried in the same soil.
They're finally smiling at me again
After that, we only elected heroes.
She manufactured reasons to be outraged.
"Maybe he's drunk enough to call "
She packed white and black veils.
Car chase: tortoise caught, scientists grateful.
He wanted to talk, she didn't
The screen dimmed, my image reflected
-ding dong- "Who's there?" "...Land shark."
There's dog blood on my couch!
Held hostage by comfort, little changed.
Reign of terror ended; nap-time begun.
"You are not worth a poem."
They were definitely laughing behind me.
The weight of his actions struck.
"Alright, no more lies" he lied.
Who knows more languages than synchronicity?
Who knows more languages than Synchronicity?
Blood flowed out the water slide
"Last hug?" "No, won't let go"
Two Hearts. Two years. One heart.
. . . then they went after the Catholics . .
Missing: monster. if found, contact Frankenstein
Found: rubber band. Wrapped around $10,000.
She had stolen my favorite book
The owl desires my creamed corn.
"Card's declined," said liquor store clerk.
our eyes met during his date
i long for your warm embrace
Her life flashed before her facebook
She goes, I follow, Only dark
The umbilical cord became the noose.
The real killer watched the execution.
Attempted suicide... For the last time.
"Don't tell mom" .... "MOM already knows!"
Former room mates finished as ex-friends.
Robbed a bank, mum was there
He's my husband. Whatever that is.
While Death whispers, let Life cheer.
Hormones can't change your mental state.
Hormones can't change my mental state.
Active lava seep observed at Yellowstone.
Soon we'll be sleeping together again.
Mother's suicide note was father's handwriting.
send reinforcements, Adam Sandler escaped quarantine
Burn victim. Her smile still beautiful.
Goal weight finally reached. Light coffin.
"There, there," soothed the psychotic knife.
Shhh! Hide... That's not our mom.
I, Earth. Then Earth, no I.
2nd floor. Woke up. Stairs missing.
I, Earth. Then Earth, no I.
"Why'd you do it Opa?" "Orders...."
They might brag  theyre still victims.
Trump is your president. Get rekt.
"Healthcare? Let them die." "Them's you."
"Shhh it's secret!" "That you're real?"
"I'm not ready!" "I never was."
Wait, so this isn't our baby?
Today it's you. Today will pass.
Cat killed flies. Just bought flyswatter.
Came out. Kicked out. Dropped out.
"Health care? Ha! Let them die."
ALL HANDS ABANDON SHIP, ALL HA-
My mother attempts to kill me.
"Calm down. We can fix you."
Cliff's end was sooner then expected
6WS using TLAs? GTG... ASL... RIP
Magic or not, it's still arson
Don't worry, it might not work.
My algebra teacher gives good head.
party tonight? finals probably not important
One final act, feeding the wildlife.
Wait. This is not dad's hand!
No light and no service. Help.
secret ingredient? maybe basil, maybe souls
Highly Classified Information: Launch Code - "Covfefe"
This time she had two arms.
I still keep that promise ring.
Cat Lost. Bang. Nonvegetarian Lasagne served.
My brick. Your window. True love?
Written and directed by Dax Shepard
BOLO: unaccompanied female; charge: premeditated abortion.
Deep friendships, started with the makeup.
Still faking it; haven't made it.
Down the sewer, copper swirled brightly.
The Tweet heard round the World.
Civilized behavior decreased with civilizations expansion.
Last night, she earned that twenty....
I've arranged a lot of funerals.
"But wait," He said, "There's More!"
Neighbours ignored her cries for help.
Blind date. Ketchup on steak. Nope.
Happy?
Mom said Dads still at CVS
Eventually, we all die, God promised.
Back alive, but with empty sleeves
He wept, "...still dreaming of her."
All Around Me Are Familiar Faces
Should be: "Dramatic six word phrases"
Screw the rules, I shall rebel! ... oh no thats six words ... oh yes!
Perfect together. But the world intervened.
Five words are precisely enough. Intransigent!
Helium shortage worsens, balloon stocks deflate
We should never have adopted you.
"Don't summarize...show me your world!"
Expected a , got a .
Hillbilly Fun
He kept my number, even after.
Never again for free, she whispered.
Wake up and smell the bacon.
Broke the mold, developed an infection.
Ghost apoplectic. "CONSERVATION??? We kill varmints!"
I can't fight you. Quiet you.
Reddit comment section got incestuous quick!
First attempt
Bachelorette party. Leaked video. Canceled wedding.
"Leave? I was never with you."
Ghost apoplectic. "Varmint pets? Pet varmints?"
You've taken enough from me now.
"Mom, why can't I fly?" - Nestling
Religion was good for your childhood.
Somethings come up. Atlantis? Rlyeh? Worse.
"We gotta talk," said the mirror.
Procrastination (n) - We'll define this tomorrow.
Procrastination (n) - We'll define this tomorrow.
Goodbye dog, goodbye mom, goodbye Earth.
Yearning for originality? Thats so clichd.
Hmm, Online news about solar fla-
Not everything has to be wounds.
Strangers throughout. The way it's meant.
Steven Dishman forgot there's no escape.
"There's so much to do today."
According to "IT" I'm a glamour.
Should I make him a father?
The only living thing is spider.
Welcome to my exclusive 1-Q Q&amp;A.
Welcome to the 1-Q Q&amp;A.
the bullets were cheaper than alimony
Sadly, no more baby on board
Victim was carrying an engagement ring
I really did love you, but...
Morsels of her between my teeth.
Vegan denies being made of meat.
Young Jane Doe, buried without coffin.
"It's cancer. Terminal", my doctor said.
"I'll always love you," she lied.
He was late to his funeral
No, sir, I will not vote.
He just wanted to be happy.
A new day, without her, began.
Was it Eliot's toilet I saw?
She was pretty. Then we met.
Born, lived, died. I'm no hero.
One bullet. Two shots. Magician vanished.
Work keeps his mind off death
Shook my world awake; she smiled.
Raised. Rendered. Ready. Reacting. [REDACTED]. Replaced.
"Spare change?" Said the homeless mechanic.
He just wanted to live forever.
Rotten apples kept the doctors away.
For Sale: Baby shoes, never used.
"What?!" she snapped. "Your coupon's expired."
His duty belt burned her thigh.
Mom, I'm gay. Here's more flowers.
Bill drafted. No healthcare for Americans.
He hesitated, but left anyway.
Mortician's son inherits a heavy burden
Mother would have been so proud
Opinions killed far more than weapons
"It'll be alright" she never heard
Unemployed stripper now sexual abuse therapist.
"I do," she said. She lied.
"Secret Security, don't fuck up anymore"
Good for you, you fucking fuck
Calling him happy was an overstatement.
When the lights go out, run.
The pilot was not killed instantly.
Steam Summer Sale. Unfortunately, I'm Broke.
Excrement vapours permeated the kitchen
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone
Life is terrible. Okay, what now?
10 bullies, 10 victims, 1 shooter
"I just wanna talk." "Too bad."
All this, for some damn Archduke?
Engagement ring for sale. Never worn.
She sells seashells, by the see-saw
She sells sea sells, half price.
Their last option wasnt edible either.
"They're not sales, per se; snails."
It's time for "Name That Emotion!"
Nuns moonlit as strippers for orphanage.
Endings are really hard to get-
He lived to tell the tale.
So, running away became the norm
Looked down the cliff. He smiled.
I am a happy, joyful person.
You used to be so sweet.
"I do not care," she farted.
Desperate for stories, only got puns.
"I'll return" he said, long ago
"For sale: sails," says I, sailor,
"I paid money for this shit!"
For sale: used parachute, never opened.
Does Karma matter? Buddhists, Reddit war.
"...you too", he replied. By accident.
Shovel Knight, the Ace of Spades.
Does Karma matter? Buddhists, Reddit war.
"Well, sorry son, you are adopted"
Homeless man convicted. Sentence? House arrest.
For sale: dead baby, used twice.
You're forgetting soon as it happens.
You were everything I ever desired.
Able was I ere'I saw Elba
I told that joke at 10
You wouldn't last one fucking week
Left a note. No-one found it.
"Mom, don't tell me I'm adopted"
"Mom, don't tell me I'm adopted "
"House arrest!" Homeless man simply grins.
Give 100%! Except when giving blood.
Read Obama speech. Cried. Full sentences.
Social interaction is but a distraction.
You're not my friend, I'm yours.
I'll be hers once he's gone
Bathroom was locked. No one inside.
She loves me more than you.
Spree killer lets Sweet Tart survive.
"Mr. Hawking, you need my what?!"
Blasphemy!! Oh, was truth? New lie.
"Your word against mine", recording ends.
Life, liberty, pursuit of happiness. Unless
Kissing me softly, she said "No."
Maladaptive daydreamer's happiest day passes unwitnessed.
Turning into Yoda, am I now?
American puns; amber waves of groan.
I got my ex pregnant. Again.
She buried him under the stars.
He loved her. She loved her.
Dear Antibullshit, I'm not. I'm antisocial.
Lollypopguildophobiac finds himself terrified by perspective.
Short people scare him. Perspective's terrifying.
"Love me." "No." "......sudo love me?"
Pathological procrastinator discovers secret to immortality.
Wife had anniversary sex. I didn't.
Library's dwarf discrimination section: top shelf.
Dwarfophobe finds himself terrified of perspective.
"You're too suggestible." "Am I? Okay."
Final goodbyes are always the hardest
The internet is over, good bye
Sky above, soaring high, flying away.
"Isolation? I'm surrounded by friends!" -Everyone
Another rich relationship to mine, imagine
It's getting dark out again. Right?
You look familiar though , I think.
Nice day for an ant farm.
I wish I loved them more
What doesn't happen under the stars
He ties her legs. Brings wheelchair
Death is only a jump away
"You wear depression well" she lied.
Library's dwarf discrimination section: top shelf.
Amazon bought AmazonBots who brought AmazonBrats
Lost...is when he found himself
Man became powerful. Life became delicate.
Magic failed Dad once. Two half-sisters.
Fought alarm clock. Victorious! But, awake....
Magic failed Dad one. Two half-sisters.
"How's university going?" "I can't complain."
Man became powerful. Life became fragile.
"How's university going?" "I can't complain."
"How's university going?" "I can't complain."
Snowflake accumulation shuts down Southern cities.
Notes found: "Will" "you" "me" "python".
We all end up alone anyway.
Man became powerful, and more fragile.
Pay debts; give party; step out.
Ten percent voter turnout; majority rules.
Fencing a warren is splitting hairs.
"It's Britney, bitch"! shrieked the ghost,
She felt warmest in the winter.
The bullet, like her voice, unheard.
Alas, only Jesus will forgive me
You forgot to remember, you know.
I killed time. It healed me.
AI: I think, therefore I scram.
Bought thesaurus. It's terrible. Very terrible.
Daily driving ruined his golf game.
"Masturbation... Very touchy subject," Dad stalled.
"Masturbation... Very touchy subject," Dad stalled.
Bought thesaurus. It's terrible. Very terrible.
Daily driving ruined his golf game.
Orphan marries widow. Oedipus' bones howl.
Votes tallied: Yellowstone fracking to commence.
Well, there goes my one friend.
Rules for Life: 1. ******* 2. ****** 3. ******
In her eyes, it was more.
Home Sale: American Classic - Pennsylvania Avenue
He wasn't yours to begin with
AI: I think, therefore I scam.
"Glands?" "No, overactive knife and fork."
He couldn't possibly win an election.
Hillbilly family killer: You kin run!
Years later, Im still burying you.
"Will you marry me?" "Well, uhh..."
Ringmaster gestures towards elephant in room
It's been months since that day...
"Dad came out today. Mom's pissed."
"it's ok; He's said worse before."
Rules for Life: 1. 2. 3.
Mexican alcohol. American literature. Tequila Mockingbird.
Clone bigamy case leaves court perplexed.
"Metal?" "Just glitter. "That's pretty rubbish."
Kleptomaniac plucks universal remote. Changed everything.
Barbershop apprentice sacked. Couldn't cut it.
Glancing casually they mocked Elon's vision.
58 pitiful pictures imprison yesterday's living.
"Obesity's bigger in America," Trump corrected.
"Glands?" "No, overactive knife and fork."
AI: I think, therefore I scam.
"Glands?" "No, overactive knife and fork."
"Obesity's bigger in America," Texan brags.
Barbershop apprentice sacked. Couldn't cut it.
AI: I think, therefore I scam.
I can't count very well.
58 sad, imprisoned pictures yesterday lived.
Casual glances. Alarm. His vision halted.
58 burn; pictures imprisoned on TV.
Thirty stories down. Write or jump?
"I thought the room was clear."
At least she hates us both
I need one more word.
Dating apps triggered his existential crisis
Downvoted heavily. Insert "/s." Upvoted heavily.
I lost me looking for you.
...you think I'm hitting on you?
Love you, but afraid of illness
Love you, but afraid of illness
I lost me looking for you.
Nothing's Going To Change My World.
She never knows how to feel.
Close to bliss, far from home.
She is not thinking about me.
She is not thinking about you.
Fiercely loyal. But not to you.
Something Useful is mostly Beyond Obvious.
"Cloning experiment successful," they said together.
This colon: Does it create drama?
Hemingway didn't even write the original.
Criminals get sentences. Martyrs get verses.
Please stop with the Hemingway template.
Lost my job for his funeral.
Even as Pope, I had problems.
Closed parachute, used once, never opened.
Coal industry's Anticipating Surprise workgroup ended.
Crony capitalism. Political pandering. Aggressive intervention.
Closed parachute, used once, slightly stained.
Hi! Welcome to fake taxi.com!
One way ticket to Beachy Head.
Bury her with me. Wish granted.
Time traveler: Born 1978 - Died 1869.
God, in his ivory tower... Alone.
"The drone was just resea-" *smack*
My last meal was wearing diamonds.
"Mom, Dad, what is a shitpost?"
"Dudes get raped too." Worn. Expelled.
Embarrassed, I delete "New Tattoo!!!!!" post.
She blossoms a more amore blush
"The drones just for resea-" *smack*
Of course not. Why would she.
"You like them too!" Friendship sparks :-)
It never felt like home, here.
The stone up in the sky.
Katie keeps her sister sick. Half-sister.
Get away from me. Wait, no.
Upvote this post for no reason
Should never have pulled Grandpas finger.
My phone fell in the toilet.
"Put your hands up." "Officer...please..."
She's not one, she's the only.
Feelin' fine, said the suicide note.
I winked but she was blind.
Turn back now; Humans live here
She ate, died...then kept eating.
Father's Day coupon, free, can't use.
Well, guess it's a war now.
Children toppling buildings made of blocks.
"Mars? Won't you get lonely?" "Get?"
I really fucking hate spelling errers
Werefolk were folk where folk were.
"Home of the brave? We'll see..."
Katie keeps her sister sick. Step-sister.
Me, myself, and I don't lie
Somewhere entities await our last breath.
decades his bride, minutes his widow
Even In Silence There Is Chaos.
"Relearning trust is difficult." "I know."
Learned how to feel; regret everything.
He checked his phone in vain.
No longer lovers, they suffered silently
My Dad, always a mother fucker.
Rushed through her poems. Missed her.
Awoke thinking pleasantly, "All day reading..."
Shooter thinks "Republican blood!" It's human.
"I'll shoot Sanders forward!" - Idiot supporter.
College loan status: "PAID IN FULL!"
He shot politicians, spilling democracy's blood.
Her womb is an infant graveyard.
Mathematician dices carrots. Chuckles. Squared roots.
"Read the book." "Read the book."
Crane lifts shipping container. Bloody megabeasts...
Always losing,always rooting for underdogs
He was a really good boy.
"Look mom shagging robot's normal now."
2090: wandered great-grandma's Facebook grave, fascinated.
Deidre keeps her daughter sick. Pliable.
9th grade and Gaga both lied.
She didn't expect compassion, just understanding.
Her eyes can never lie again.
Office for Anticipating Surprise unexpectedly closed.
"You'll rock!" lied 9th grade, Gaga.
Friends, tired of love, hold hands.
Tuck in, tomorrow will be better
Silent fart. But does it smell?
I don't know who you are
The crows are just a warning.
Finally! A happy six word story!
Two hands intertwined. Different wedding rings.
He prefers wearing her maternity dresses.
Winds gust. Sails adjusted, smiling, undeterred.
Hey boss, gibbe da pussi pls
"I'll make you understand," he hit.
On display: scorched hubcap, don't touch.
Scar deforms tattoo of baby's feet
Relax you'll rock lied 9th grade.
Friends, tired of love, hold hands.
Nature celebrated her grave with wildflowers.
I started working for them again.
"Hey look ma, a dead subreddit!"
Grandpa missed centenary by a day.
Haters mostly Trigger Unbelievable New Opportunities.
world peace is only a dream
One to three for five sex.
Its often too late, in fact.
Need. To. Get. Off. Of. Reddit.
Where did that tater tot go?
"And then I found five dollars..."
"Mr. President, you can't fire everyone."
I have never felt so alone.
His vest shook the clubs foundation.
[i]Nothing[/i] I.T. teaches has real applications
Posted. But no one upvoted.
Her bikes bell flattened his tire.
Motivation's an entrancing mistress - that cheats.
They yell. I yell. We lost
Found white hoods in Grandpas closet.
World peace achieved. sole survivor celebrates.
i never told this to anyone
This is a six word story
"What did she expect?" whisper friends.
Debts growing: I can't budge it.
This gun isn't even loaded, see?
"Wait, this isn't the Men's Room?"
Looking for god. Saw fellow people
22nd floor, something rapped my window
My godsons adjusting to our home.
My godsons adjusting to life here.
He found paradise, still craves rest.
Battered? It's fine. Alone? Please no.
Multiple suicide attempts; I'm done trying.
Weeds were all over her grave.
Bought a phone. Android. It fell.
He doesn't understand. I'm gonna drink.
The final restingplace was her first.
Potential soulmates spotted everywhere - and nowhere.
She couldn't decide: mouth or temple?
I can handle the pain. Really.
"School's great, Dad. Memorise. Parrot. Score."
Kings, merchants, peasants, all suffered, equally.
Sometimes, anger is not worth feeling.
Is that my blood or yours?
He awoke to church and faith.
Sunday. He awoke, faithless and churchbound.
Headline: SUPERVILLAN DEFEATED! Craigslist: ISO Nemesis
Incest competition? I'll enter my sister!
My contemporaneous pop music became musak.
New to this sub. Seems dead.
"'Don't abort', they said," said mom.
Small hands, tiny grasp of politics.
Mom screamed for God, waking me.
Sadly, the preacher was proven right.
"Misery loves company." Honestly, not true.
"For sale: time machine, yet invented"
I always: 'never suffer fools lightly."
Negotiations failed. Both wanted to win.
Bored, her on-line/off-line images diverge.
Screaming forever, their life-sustaining AIs uncaring.
Grandmas recipes call for long pork.
Smile even when you are hurting
Violent sex, not sex and violence.
Swollen with pride, Dad left early.
What's that scratching at my hatch?
Hold my beer; this ends now.
Three passengers. Two parachutes. One eulogy.
"That young?" The sniper winces. "Pity."
Is it love when it's programmed?
Conservatives stare at The Sun. Blinded.
"What twisted city keeps animals naked?"
He died and became his deeds.
He died, trying trusting, an unfaithful.
Funeral services started. The gravedigger sobbed.
Man makes money, sells death cheap
For sale: Brain. Hardly ever used.
The corpse gave him the finger
He died naturally of train damage
Pirates hijack ship. No humans aboard.
Baby sobs, father consoles; purest love
Staying up late savoring coffee. Twoness.
Oops, that is only five. Oops.
Fear stricken, they cast their votes.
Donald is not under investigation. Nyet.
Swapping: double cot, for single sleeper.
I'd forgotten what commercials were like.
The scent of a sarcastic woman.
The Universe? It's in my belly.
Perhaps only five, this time? No.
First time I wore a black tie.
I love the way she survives.
Staying up late savoring coffee. Her.
He let his dreams be dreams.
Whomst'd've counts as one word, right?
The cats ate the mustard, again.
Her blood drenched Father's trembling hands.
if I lie who would know?
They didnt notice theyd been conquered.
"I need loyalty, I expect loyalty."
"Dad's phone?" "Quickly! Uninstall Twitter, Ivanka."
Eliminated Death and then, eternally, "Fun".
I've no clue what I'm doing
Their stubborn, persisting good smote giants.
Trying daily, "Impossible!" became inspirational beginning.
Radio Host with mysterious past question.
Their stubborn, persisting good smote giants.
The parliaments they change, remain unchanged.
The people they elect, they distrust.
The news they read, they hate.
Eliminated Death then outlived "Fun", "Surprise", ... "Hope".
My plays on Word wont print.
Promise me you won't give up.
An It in a bottomless pit
Most aliens classify humans as delusional.
Smiles hide my fear of you.
But what about the human cost?
But what about the *human* cost?
There was nothing left to find.
23 missing children, 23 unidentified bodies.
Come mourning, she will be gone.
They both left so much unsaid.
At last, the old sinner rested.
Seductively, she crawled out of hell.
Everything is broken, no one concerned
My shrink said I'd get better.
"Suicide Squad Dies of Old Age"
Tore right through that toilet paper.
Sixwordstories
An entire society, sleeping through alarm.
VR headset recall following mass brainwashing.
He died naturally of brain damage.
Squirrels should have never tasted meat.
School's daily grind: gems to dust.
Kissed, Touched, Fumbled. Well, now what?
"Japan!" discovered Columbus somewhere in Bahamas.
Winter blew you and not me.
"God wanted Gods," explained God, dismissively.
A relationship without respect - wasn't one.
My body is now "For Sale".
"I loved you." Whispered. To remember.
"Tomorrow." Whispered. To smell it's promise.
"God wanted Gods," explained God, dismissively.
Still, she said, I want more.
Gun barrel had been painted orange.
They argued, he stopped the noise
They argued, he made her quiet
I would have named him Sam
She acquired the taste for flesh.
Omnipotent deity creates a shitty world.
Physicist creeps up author list, bored.
Regretfully, I clicked on the comments.
Regretfully, i clicked on the comments.
I wrote a letter, my last
Oh, joy! Crohn's disease and hemorrhoids!
BREAKING: Trump to be IMPEACHED
Just when life seems simple... More.
Escape rocket's emissions finished off Earth.
I "learned" a lot in school.
I wish you loved coming home.
When shebdied,he died inside.
Sobbing "Yes" into pillow. I'd "No" 'd.
They only found her finger bone.
The bottle was a poor stepmother.
I only claim the good thoughts.
It only took ten thousand swipes
I write six word stories and lie.
When something fake becomes more genuine
TrumPutin heads United States of Amerussia.
Dad, what is a steering wheel?
They blew up a hospital. IDGAF.
Dad, what's a steering wheel?
Sobbing "Yes" clutching pillow. Why "No"?
Tired mountaineer scales peaks. Grabs sunlight.
Scared adult glimpses adventurous childhood. Sighs.
I now know it was grooming.
Ended a Romance. Started an Adventure.
I didnt listen, i should of.
She's a tough cookie. Stale. Flakey.
Smoking meth out of a lightbulb.
Give this letter to my family.
She listens better as a tombstone.
Make up, glasses, and purple lips.
"Well," he muttered, "I've come back."
Politics: important. Constant political tweets: not.
His drugs had heartbeats. Then, not.
What's the worst that could happen?
She got his dog tags today.
Drove a truck over her grave.
They killed for her pale skin.
I've been to too many funerals.
She didn't look human. Looks deceive.
Babies arrive in packages with instructions.
Infatuation was only her favorite weapon.
In the right place, wrong time.
Last one to die, first forgotten.
As a millennial, I hate labels.
My mom showed up drunk. Again.
Dear next-door neighbor: I'm really trying.
Sculpting heartbreak. Needy texts. Half-hearted sex.
His drugs has heartbeats. Then, not.
His drugs has heartbeats. Then, not.
Avarice's well's deeper than money's rope.
Wallet: empty. Baby: still sick. Angry.
I made him cry. And, I.
Money's rope: shorter than avarice's well.
Inform the uninformed? Or, misinform profitably?
"You're anti-social." "I'm not. I'm anti-bullshit."
Our background characters regard us so.
Your politic's: important; political tweeting: not.
Mommy fell. Her face turned blue.
The pizza place sent their condolences.
Child's laughter, 3 AM, no kids
Bumped uglies and created something beautiful.
The old man with no youth
Grandma told me about snow once.
She confirmed her aliveness by cutting.
His bullet remains in the wall.
"Officer, I'm Muslim, not a terrorist."
"Mum's heart's broken." "Fix it, Daddy!"
"Peace... what's it like?" "Wouldn't know."
It's single-payer, not single prayer.
Today was a long, hard week.
Sergeant Bee led the police sting.
"Get him help, or pay mortgage?"
"Does daddy have a Facebook account?"
Crap, I forgot my suicide note...
"I'm happy for you", she lied.
Paradise: parents lament their immortal children.
Paradise sings, calling their immortal children.
[ Anonymous137 requests access to materializer. Grant? ]
[ AI requests access to materializer. Grant? ]
Smart people do the dumbest things.
Buried 100 years, no one cares.
Feral cattle graze the city ruins.
Trust the media. Everything's under control.
We simply watched the world explode.
"He's got balls" "He has bills"
I miss your laugh the most.
Only his tears water the desert.
Do not anthropomorphize the alien prisoners.
Cancer. Blossomed. Perfumed. Sickly sweet hugs.
Death? Powerless! She adhered like glitter.
'Cute' watches 'Ugly' become extinct. Bewildered.
Cancer. Blossomed. Perfumed. Sickly sweet hugs.
Adulthood. Friendships became pockets. Bric-a-brac holders.
"Cute" watches "Ugly" become extinct. Uncomprehendingly.
"I'm the pretty one!" muttered Single.
Infant's father cries. Till he gurgles.
Death - powerless. She adhered like glitter.
Love. Life carried on. But, beautifully.
Love. Life carried on. But, musically.
Love. Life.... carried on. But, musically.
Losing his child utterly destroyed him.
I like you just isn't enough.
People who love me. Me. Her.
Wedding. No butterflies. Releasing prisoner. "Dad?"
Expecting corpse, mission command spots grave.
Nostalgia transforms 80s jock into nerd.
"Never understood why he did it."
My stepmother is younger than me.
Words don't break bones, but souls.
They'll never know my true identity.
One cell, forever; worth the price.
Getting real sick of you, world.
Male ladybug learns reading. Triumph. Perplexion.
Male ladybugs learns to read. Perplexed.
you are a fucking cunt seeya
Cry where no one can see
APP where there Is something in good quality
I am allergic to words. Achoo!
Two hikers, one bear, who's faster?
Cannibal takeout: fast food captured here.
I mourn the you I knew
Lie again, but on the ground
Test results came back... Cancer - confirmed
Let common tongues wag their disapproval
Typos just shouldnt happen on gravestones.
Ignore each other? Accepts unspoken bet.
Takes unspoken bet to ignore friend
Gave myself a haircut... Enough said.
Needed: Pallbearers, Nice Attire Not Required.
They didnt recognize the constant propaganda.
"Today, we're learning oxymorons. Now then..."
She laughed and said "go away"
Were Death a friend, hed visit.
I don't have to explain myself
Survivor avoids widows eyes. Salutes graves.
Survivor avoids windows eyes. Salutes graves.
Survivor skirts widows eyes. Salutes graves.
Always wondered. Why am I me?
For sale: ruby slippers, slightly sandy
You look like a failed abortion
Reading book while driving called "Priorities".
The children played. The man waited.
Afterwards, he said: "Just get out."
They didnt listen. Nobody ever listened.
Despite the constant negative press covfefe
He hates himself for not caring.
"HOPE is our four letter word."
If only peaceful solutions always worked.
He touched the sky, before crashing
I slid in, virginity was lost
"Kill me, please!" The judge declined.
"Don't go! It's practically suicide!" "Exactly."
"The whole damn world's gone mad!"
No more violence, he told himself.
I laughed even though it hurt
My mother wanted a folded flag.
She should never have followed him.
Last words. "Son you have a..."
His last words were a lie.
I forgot to water the plants.
"You're destroying the country, Mr. President."
Be a better man than Dad.
Chaos pisses on order's grave daily.
"Mother should've swallowed you, Mr. President."
Caring means hurting and I can't.
Looked around. Nobody. America first. Yay.
The usual? she asked, unceremoniously disrobing.
His last words: "Hold my beer!"
Under the sea, above the stars.
Despite the constant negative press covfefe
"That dog saved my life, Sir."
And then there was just one.
Despite the constant negative press covfefe
Egyptian pyramids were prisons, not tombs.
Her smile was my happy place.
Please come back, mom. Please. Please...
Young Love: Needy texts, empty sex...
Long hair, short hair. New me.
He was right, but only sometimes.
That face doesnt hide your mask.
Suicidal, but I want to live
Blood, sweat, tears... screams... bodies.
He should've learned after three wives.
But he was not buried dead.
She collected her jar of hearts.
Miss your attention while I'm dating
Life's fragile, but not too fragile.
Not suicidal, just dont wanna live.
"I wish I could say more"
The world became more like itself.
Did something once. Cool story, huh?
The doorbell lay forgotten in webs.
"Take everything; just don't hurt them!"
Woke up trapped in a casket.
"Outrage over..." Article skipped. Next headline.
"Graves should never be this small."
Marriage improved my hole-digging skills.
"The war to end all wars."
Ah, humans. Cute, innocent, naive. Stupid.
I thought death would be kinder
Is jk two words or one?
Lonely and wish I was dead.
All I did was fail today.
Failure to comply results in non-compliance.
Waking up was another unanswered prayer.
Her footprints disappeared from the moon.
She fell in love with criminals.
Tears/sorrow is a universal language.
Not the words, but the timing.
I can't follow directions.
Nostalgia seems to taste like antifreeze.
Found baby alive under dead mother.
A tragedy: School bans fidget spinners.
She loved God. God loved God.
"You're always so original... or interesting."
"Interesting though, again, unoriginal," deflates professor.
Sobbing, he ran out of air.
Husband and son, both buried young.
She fought gallantly as a he.
Died a villain, buried a hero.
"I love you." Sorry, network unavailable.
There, he cried into his pillow.
The wrong flag covered the casket.
"911, what's your emergency?" "Help! I'm-"
They hated her. She hated herself.
Memorial Day: lonely, fierce dry eyes.
Memorial Day: lonely, fierce dry eyes.
Last unicorn seeks equine cosmetic surgeon.
The subreddit became only edge stories.
No time to cry, follow orders!
On this date history ended, 2017.
You're pandering to emotions I lack
Treat her better than I did.
Nostalgia and antifreeze taste the same.
Between the rights and the wrongs
Depressed. Positivity! Optimism! Joy! yells school.
Her headstone hears the unspoken words.
For sale. Fidget spinner, never spun.
No, really- I'm happy for you.
Scribbling agenda items. Stopped. Scribbled poem.
The bloated roadkill just burst.
Human interaction required? Yes? Then no.
The memories were worth the pain
"I'm fine", spoke the broken girl.
Positivity! Optimism! Joy! our school bullied.
Time machine inventor quarantined by himself.
"Cute baby names!" "Our shopping list?"
Corbyn: Neutrons 'Never Charged'. Possibly Millionaires.
We buried her family heirlooms too.
Corbyn: Millionaires and Neutrons 'Never Charged'.
"Miss, I ran over your dog."
I never noticed her eyes before.
Pizza!In a liquor store bag.
What are you willing to sacrifice?
Time machine. Invented. Quarantined. Till today.
"2016 sucked." "Time travel." "There's-" "Actually."
"I wai...ted. Mission accomplished?" Spirit beeped.
DINOSAURS IN HUMAN SIMULATION  Fixed, asteroid.
"Cute baby names!" "Shopping list." "Oh."
Looked at Buzzfeed, society is doomed.
Honestly, I'm not sure I understand.
I don't drink, my father did.
"You're... alive?" " Yes, this is heaven."
Never made Friends they Made me.
Hospital. Chess. Despite me, Dad 'loses'.
"I ... wait...ed. Mis...sio...n acco...mplish...ed?" Spirit beeped.
"You're alive?" "Yes, this is heaven."
They said it was viable, before.
Hunters...But they were the prey.
Eighth world wonder; an incomplete wall.
Is this the life we want?
Twitch Plays Human NOT hoax. Authorities...
The feral cat warmed to me.
"Let there be war." Man created.
Cassandra the Vampire was Remarkably Successful.
She loves him. He loves him.
Baby's dead--Oh shit! Spoiler alert!
"Black?" "Mourning." "He's ... alive." "I know."
Right person. Wrong time. My wedding.
some people love to lie. lol
I only need five words potato.
Cmon, Amelia! Take to the sky!
That one cancelled show. Haunted. ... Hopeful.
I am hiding in plain sight.
I thought I'd have more words.
Subversive, disorganised, stubborn. -------&gt; Fad, not movement.
Father. Son. Ghost. ----&gt; Messy kitchen 'explained'.
Decapitated vampire. "Victory!" "Nooooooooo. Zooooooooombbbbbbbbbbiiiiiiiieee. Run"
Your choice, honey. Me or abortion.
"I've got video," Truth informed Power.
Don't worry, life will get better.
I'm trying to imply someone died.
He missed her. She hit him.
"I've got video," Truth informed Power.
Miserable childhood. Destroyed me. Made me.
Aliens descend. Ignoring humans, like cattle.
... Sell out. Break free. Sell out...
Many jokes. Little Laughter. Baaaaaaaaaaad date.
"Guitars. Whining. Guitars." Their first DIFFERENCE.
"I toooooooooold you so," facepalmed History.
Today, truth told power, "I'm stronger."
(never said (romantic agony) often thought)
Deleted my best friend's browser history.
Five, four, three, two, one, fire!
Oh, so that's it? I'm dead?
My beautiful daughter; her waggling tail.
Tree dreams of books. An afterlife.
"Health insurance???? GoFundMe, baby!" ... $1,350/$20,000
Would it make your life better?
Green trees, white dress, red blood.
Dont kill yourself alone. Doctors orders.
I thought there'd be more time
Aliens come, ignoring us like cattle.
She deliberately turned off his alarm
Six word stories are never funny
Depression: thief stealing joy, smiles, lives...
You've been diagnosed with Mesothelioma. Call...
Missed you for a year now.
All rules are made to be broken
I feel the coldness closing in.
I think they're feeding us less.
Even the dead can vote here.
Nothing is my biggest fear.
I'm bad at following directions.
I write my share of shit.
Justice is revenge cloaked in legality.
Lived longer than expected. Still going.
Deaf author gets inspiration from music.
I wait for responses without writing
Affection. Erection. No protection. Inspection. Infection.
A food fight became a feud.
Doctor gave six months. God extended...
They both moved on; neither left.
I hate limits because they're so
Read communist manifesto to grandpa. Disinherited.
Replied. But they never responded back.
My silence said, "Better without you."
I'm guilty because I did nothing.
The severed head winked at me.
Survived Hiroshima, then hospitalized in Nagasaki.
She fell, gazing at the skyline.
To the hospital, one last time.
"Music's sooooooooooo haraam," he states bombingly.
Chinese childhood nostalgia repackageries. Hollywood frets.
Chinese childhood nostalgia factories challenge Disney.
Read my mother's suicide note, unused.
Saw my mother's suicide note, unused
Someday, I will be myself again
Creativity?! Just pander to the masses!
His body trembling, but mind unwavering.
My girlfriend thinks I'm cockblocking her
Corruption has always been our way.
I can't watch you hurt her
The Galactic Empire must be toppled!
Two jobs, one wife, three kids.
Arrogant. But, lonely. Resolved to change.
Death unites. But always somewhat hollowly.
"One day" he said, "I'll try."
His dealer is worried about him.
Seemingly innocent smile hid several secrets...
Revenge
1000 words? no, just: "You're fat"
Day dreaming, yet forever Earth-bound.
Day dreaming, nailed to the ground.
Four days rogue on the road.
Buying smack. Cute, sad kid fetches.
Manchester trends. Love, support, helplessness messaged.
I called for God: voicemail full.
Victorious, he buried fellow whalers' limbs.
My heart has a hole... again.
Agony. Sorrow. Dead! My dear... phone...
Black rain, homes ablaze, America celebrates.
"The sky's falling!" No, we're rising.
They starved so I would survive.
Reminder: You're not living for them.
Sometimes you gotta cry to survive.
Heartbreak: "Love you, not that way..."
37,317,600 more minutes until we meet
Eddie, you are all that's left...
Loons call. My son is gone.
Bruised clouds, soar above, shattered lives.
One big explosion. One small heart.
Red. Everywhere. Sirens. Screeming. Time. Stops.
Sometimes, I try on his noose.
"It's not goodbye, it's cya later."
I don't work. But I'm employed.
Daughter of drunks, mother of drunks.
Let AI do Investing for You.
Tried love. Didn't work. My fault.
"You're perfect. But, not," ads whispered.
Lost: Dreams. If found, keep them.
Got throat cancer, worth it though.
He died kicking. Clawing. But, happy.
"You're perfect. But, not," ads whispered.
Depression is a black hole, son.
Oh, I thought you had gone.
When nothing feels real, I dream.
Refugees colonized newly habitable Antarctic shores.
Reason for return: she said no.
Cement for: sleeping, crying, begging, praying.
She tucks herself into bed, now.
"I'm lonely without you!" wept bed.
Humanity ended (though humans still survived)
Tldr; pilgrims, 1776, cheeseburgers, President Orangutan
Stolen suit. Bullshit CV. You're hired.
Your sons cancer has returned. Sorry.
Playing golf = luxury. Health Care = right.
"Starting now, everything you do matters."
"It's done." "I want her head."
Daytime for smiling, nighttime for crying.
Income: $37,000. Expenses: $36,999. Completely satisfied.
Rocket rises. With peaceful aliens. Earthbound.
Removed from the population, he thrived.
Rocket rises. With men. To Mars :-)
Old smiles; last forever.
Wanted. A shoulder to piss on.
Sorry my abstention helped him win.
She smells like her husband's sweat.
Well, lightning couldn't possibly strike thrice...
I hope my cats out-live me.
Ten thousand steps; none toward sobriety.
When all else failed, music worked.
I am her biggest failure yet.
Never turn your back on me
She cured cancer, told nobody. Why?
Death stalked me... lurking... hiding... threatening...
Life's okay. Existing is still hard.
Trotting Horse Fails State Driving Exam
Never got to meet his son.
Legacy: many gaps in the literature.
Dad's last wishes can never be.
Took Xanax, gave me anxiety attack
Tried once, ended in psych ward.
Hangman scratched off. "Hangwoman." One, two...
Colostomy? it's not really my bag.
Poet fakes death. Contentment. Finally respected.
God sighs. Innumerable beautiful unwritten stories.
Dancing was Missy's only eloquence. Osteoporosis.
The Trump Presidency: beginning, muddle, end.
restrictions that deny emapthy for existance
Tea? Not my cup of tea.
Water was heavier than he thought.
Homeless veteran leaves animal shelter, alone.
Homeless veteran leaves animal hospital, alone.
FYI, all dads are mother fuckers.
Rules are clear. Just stay alive.
Would it make your life better?
Their lives balanced on his accelerator.
Antonyms crammed his life, finally death.
Nearing last antonym of his life. Death.
discomposure
discomposure
"We met outside back then." "Outside?"
The Trump Presidency: beginning, muddle, end.
"Not fair!" He yells, turning red.
Wig needed for six months only.
They have your family. Plead guilty.
I've been weak my whole life.
Rape, rather than moralism, shaped society.
The voice spoke. The rest? Echoes.
Time
No, but I needed the money.
He never saw the knife coming
The puppy didn't see me coming.
Never told Mom I loved her...
When in doubt... don't blame Millennials.
Pulled an all-nighter, prevented suicide.
Nobody showed ME what to do.
Went the night without a drink.
"You still love me? Never did. "
They stopped asking him for ID.
Our final flare started a fire.
Date: "Is that a wedding ring?"
Unknowingly, dogs condition their trainers, too.
Election stalemate. Panel recommends Russian roulette.
"If only I were in charge..."
When silent her voice becomes deafening.
"Life is a virus." Presses button
The pig tried flying. It died.
Didn't mean to run you over.
The Devil began crying. "Why me?"
P(r)ay here and find eternal happiness.
God hates no one, you idiot.
"But you have everything", said Privilege.
Alone, she sings herself Happy Birthday.
Just want my son to call.
The school bus secretly hated children.
Designated driver awakes in hospital bed.
Floating under moonlight, I contemplated drowning.
Don't do drugs, kids. Only alcohol.
The 2nd mouse gets the cheese.
Sometimes real stories end happily, right?
The cow jumped over the moon?!?!
"I hate you!!" "But.. you're well?"
Penultimate tweet: "Nuclear war is complicated?"
The last human committed suicide. Fin.
"He's a good friend. Horrible boyfriend."
Last human sings "Thriller". They record.
Last human translates books into N!xhu!lese.
My gods speak through beautiful stories.
Bitten. Became shy. Now lonesome, jealous.
She'd forgiven me, once. I ... can't.
"I'm lonesome." Nobody replies. I chuckle.
"I'm lonesome." Nobody replies. I laugh.
We finally ran out of cartridges
We will never meet again. Ever.
Given too few numbers of thoughts.
Why was the child driving anyway?
OP: "Sorry. I'm all storied out."
The Cheeto-stained Page of History Books
You and I were a we.
Comey is playing the long game
Our daughter keeps asking for you.
Hold my heart. Release your hand.
The angry kettle reached boiling point.
"Throw over the elephant for bait."
I miss you and my naivety.
Faked Munchausen Syndrome. Successfully, if briefly.
I'm going to stop procrastinating.Tomorrow
"Too uplifting..." /r/sixwordstories author mutters, backspacing.
I will make my nightmares reality
Fed stray kibble, made lifelong friend.
She's far away, but not forever.
Grandpa makes my dead mother coffee.
Person I know ----&gt; Person I knew.
The homeless man chose his bed.
Sex education homework: Locate pregnant teenager.
Fish died. Grief. Until 90 likes.
He's so strong, crying like this.
Not running away. Not this time.
Years passed. His dog still waits.
The dog lay across the road.
The blind girl called me beautiful.
I'll stay until you rise again.
The world didn't change. I did.
His alcohol system contains some blood.
Selling Dads incomplete hot rod  cheap.
I came, I saw, she conquered.
I'm a brother, but not bro
Marijuana legalised. Fast food companies celebrate.
Her photographer ex used her still.
Kissed her lines. Poetry appreciated. Memorised.
Worn out explaining, "Why no children?"
"So... two best friends?" "No!" "No!"
Remarkably, pigeon crosses road without question.
People of Earth  Time to go.
Scientist laughed: "Stop tickling my nucleus!"
Still wasn't good enough for her.
"My second pregnancy, but first human."
All the good ideas are taken...
Make sure a wandering mind returns.
"Just once more..." TEEN DIES: OVERDOSE.
Went through Hell to reach America.
The bar closed. Ambulance door opened.
Whoa! Never seen this sub before!
The ambulance drove away. No siren.
My nightmares begin after I awake.
Table for two. Dinner for one.
I held you once, my child.
Please attend my funeral next week?
The late night thoughts? Slowly killing
I hold on because of love
Read younger me's thoughts. Laughed... ... ... sighed.
Familiar lures me back. Called her.
The lies we babble at parents...
Chechnya, Day 8,923: "Mirror, straight yes?"
VP, suspected of murder, becomes President.
BREAKING: NEW HUMAN PREDATOR. THOUSANDS MASSACRED
"No match." Her flame flickers unsteadily.
With these, disregarding contractions is not
Watching the world move around me.
Victims of necrophilia. Talk to someone.
'20 Marlboro Red', the corpse ordered.
Until it's uncommon, some won't stop
'Fox hunting evil' declares meat eater.
"The smell of a rose? Repulsive."
Money desperately needed, evidence forever online.
Desperately seeking: open-minded blind companion.
I stayed knowing it won't happen
The man screamed. The audience cheered.
Kill them all! he chanted, silently.
Suicide note, played in D major.
She married yesterday. Delivered baby today.
The other cell was suddenly silent.
Dreams lacking Follow-up mostly remain unfulfilled.
It didnt hurt, cutting you away.
Every day the milkman came, regardless.
The world ended how it began.
"And the Angels wouldn't help you.."
He tasted like beer; her, marijuana.
At that point, his hope vanished
Writing that copycats yesterday's highest upvote.
Please welcome President Elect Sean Spicer
In this life you're a pineapple.
Angels and demons cry together lately.
Does the survivor win or lose?
He hadn't wanted to be rebuilt.
Age 27. Devil came to collect.
Six words say more than hundreds
Soccer field next to the cemetary
I have gotten good at packing
"Coup!" . . . . " Coup!" . ... . "Coooouuup!", shouted the kindergartners.
I'm your grandson. 'No you aren't.'
I said No. She raped me.
Hospitals heard more prayers than churches.
May came, broke windows, left tears.
Ate cereal with a soup spoon
Cancer cut short his bucket list.
Severed heads make death toll cumbersome.
"How's your novel?" "It's...coming along."
Saw his date afar. Then left.
Unsubscribed from /r/nottheonion. Made newsfeed confusing.
She insisted. I resisted. We unpersisted.
Hope sprang eternal from/r/motivation. Thankfully.
Does she really love my son?
love
My second shadow is chasing me.
Became a teacher for the money...
I write because I'm not artistic.
Nothing is true; everything is permitted
Stray rescues family. Family rescues pooch
Rapist pleads "not guilty, Your Honor.
I never knew what I had.
Even in silence, there is chaos
I've finally forgave my abusive dad
Clear-eyed, humanity's ragged spacefleet rushes armada.
Click. Next. Click. Next. *Bang* "Hooray!"
Need a shoulder to piss on.
Pawned purple heart for medical bills.
Spring rain after a hot day
Some smoke cigarettes because they kill.
This thought has never been spoken.
She loved his attention, not him.
She came all over my couch
smoking sadness, drinking sadness, wearing sadness.
Anthromorphic oxymoron "comes out". Thanks Trump.
Unwatered seeds never bloom, nor wilt.
Did you forget about me again?
I mentioned love and you appeared.
Flights restored everywhere. Everywhere but home.
She had a Freddy Mercury smile
Don't be a prisoner of resentment
I'm tired of being let down.
I discovered a brand new color.
My dog was my best friend.
We made love all night long
Words carry sounds into the flesh
Pluto: dog who owns a dog...
I don't know what I expected.
Making love keeps the heart pumped.
Once she died, people finally listened.
Intentional self-harm caused accidental suicide.
He watched the world awake again.
Last human dies; last dog mourns.
Achieved immortality. Now wants to die.
Wicker Basket, Long Hike ,Shooting Stars
Breast cancer cured; Suzan Komen sues.
Last human was bored to death.
I wrote this to distract you.
"Fire! Come!" "... Why?" "It's close." "Understood."
Ready to die: ready to live.
I was bitter, now I'm better.
You are now on the list.
A city of glass discovered underground
Wild things don't grow here anymore.
Lonely woman, many bracelets, no ring.
The will to live isn't enough
"Do unto others: repeatedly until dead."
"As we wake... our world ends."
She stayed. Love faded. Years passed.
Curiosity killed the girl. Cat's fine.
Soviet America: "Come." "Why? "Fire, Dee."
Even without injuries, he would've died.
Forgetting kindness, I wrote the obituary.
She always sleeps with a gun.
Don't fall in love without me.
I'm not ready to say goodbye
Teen girl commits suicide. Kills two
Your birthday breaks my heart again...
I wasn't supposed to be born.
She wanted to kill our baby.
If only we'd had more time...
He's perfect but I'm not looking...
"What's nonsense?" she asked. I said
Today is national eyesight awareness day.
With age comes wisdom, but when?
Genocide, promoted with logos and jingles.
I like him, he's perfect, WHY.
I finally met the right one.
Press-ganged sailor meets charming pirate.
Translator, say "Where is my passport?"
Six-shooter, seven holes, sweet revenge.
Old man, old dog. Old man.
Eleven item Buzzfeed listicle replaces Constitution.
He's my father, not my dad.
Sleep! It's good for the heart.
Checking. Has your phone been hacked?
Four children. A fire. One child.
A baby shoe was washed ashore.
Eating alone in school bathroom stall
Who should not have been born
Mom excelled at pretending Dad cared.
My scholarships are not for sports
Why can't I just be enough?!
"I love you." "..." "Crap, wrong number."
"I pathologically crave attention," Jesus said.
He realized it wasn't a fart.
Nature blossoms in the smallest spaces.
Worked for hours, got nothing done.
Scars under bruises under gushing blood.
Remembered my name today. It's... dammit.
4 children for sale: inquire within.
He died, recognizing nobody in the room.
Alone, she poured glass after glass.
Professional scamming has pros and cons.
They both walked happily. Separate ways.
Had two. Lost one. Now single.
Life is short. Fuck shit up!
His fear was expelled through knowledge.
"To be a comedian." Everyone laughs.
Living isn't worth the constant pain.
Work. Don't complain. Go home. Die.
Join army. Kill. Be a hero.
Orange you glad death is inevitable?
He never heard his own name.
Knocked her up. Knocked him down.
Six words are too few for-
Spilled his guts... all over highway
There's one sock he never wears.
I didn't watch; she didn't win.
I traded truth for incurred insult
I traded truth and incurred insult
She was never mine to have
Doesn't matter, she isn't mine.
"Why fall down?" Newton asked himself.
Fascism reared its ugly head; failed.
French fries really ARE Freedom fries.
"Eventually, everything becomes 'normal.' Even this."
Worst fear- outliving son. "Wish granted"
Sterile husband finds condom in drawer
He began writing cliffhangers and suddenly-
I left, she screwed my friend.
Mother's worst fear is outliving me.
Anniversary, missed it by a day.
I'm failing at this as well.
Time was so short for us.
Economy: shambles. Last remaining export: refugees.
Incinerated by madness, moth like fanaticism
He told her, she was right.
"You were right" he said. Yes!
Our anniversary. It's been 40 years.
Draftee, age thirteen, dead on battlefield.
I'm losing a war with myself.
You are what you eat, man.
Two black men. One bullet. One black man.
WHO DID THIS?!?! Like and Subscribe
Love, love, love. Affair, affair, splat.
Librarian 1. (noun) a human Alexa.
"Education is blasphemy," crowds chant monotonously.
Fight or flight, you must survive!
I only have one choice- live
" Apocalypse, it is happening right now! "
Razor blade - Instructions: push then drag.
I hate everything except life itself
Fuck all you so-called sophisticated bastards.
Mom chose drugs over rent, again.
We're not entitled to their lives.
Living with you, wishing for death.
Help, I'm trapped in the title!
Shift the light and shadows vanish
Life is pretending death isn't coming.
Future me has a sad past
Buried my heart with four feet.
Fido is not coming home, sweetie.
I'm not good at writing stories.
Cause of death: Collision with mars.
Now living alone, proven not guilty.
World sucks. They call it gravity.
I'm never impulsive, except when marrying.
She wanted out. What's a 200.5K ?
I objected.He kept penetrating me.
Nobody had even bothered to ask.
She learned to accept the beatings
"What's good?" "Fuck off." Next drink.
BREAKING: Failed healthcare system starts pandemic.
I have got one son. Apparently.
Together, now apart. Successful Siamese surgery!
Thank you for being there, son.
Good news everyone, Bender's firmware updated!
Understandable is what an umbrella is.
You can't help unless you understand.
"I'm waiting for you," said Change.
He didn't notice my new haircut.
Late ambulance. Traffic killed my baby.
The devil was once an angel.
The bride entered. Nobody stood up.
Leap of faith. Dead on arrival.
I like to lie. Believe me?
Rape victim: Risk AIDS or insurance?
Met Death today. I slapped him.
Bought freedom. Kidnapped. Resold into slavery.
She jumped before the building collapsed.
Nobody was supposed to get hurt
"I'm sorry." "I don't believe you."
Smithsonian burglarized, Mars One rocks missing!
I can't count.
"My pet dragon's dead???" "Marry me?"
"My pet dragon's dead???Killed." "Marry me?"
Older than my older brother now.
His hand out, his eyes watering.
as i was crying, he became
"Your dad would be proud." "Would."
16 houses. 14 schools. 0 friends.
It's never truly dark at night.
Long hair, short hair. New me.
I demand a trial by combat.
I used to have two stepbrothers.
I thought you really liked me
He left behind a hole, unfillable.
She aged gracefully. He just decomposed.
Hallowing souls, blood in the breeze.
Earth was beautiful as it exploded.
Makeup and smiles hid her bruises.
His smile was beautiful. Nobody knew.
I'm genderqueer. I'm not "just confused."
Her make up hid the bruises.
The light was gone; he left.
She laughed. cried herself to sleep.
"I'm.. gonna go. " "Yeah. Love.. oh. "
She laughed cried herself to sleep.
Thirteen-year-old draftee, dead on the battlefield.
The only exit was a gunshot
Death can mean 'no more worries'
Reddit: in the way of homework
All his demons arrived at once
All his demons, all at once.
Daily Grind Hits Different Crowds Everyday.
Found red flag in red forest.
The screaming stopped later that night
Judge: unsympathetic. Sentence: life. Crime: journalism.
His life ended when she died
If suicide was easy, who knows...
Monsters don't live in closets anymore.
Once home, now moss covered rubble.
r/sixwordstories comments needn't be six words.
I found him dead last night.
"I hate him!" "No, you don't."
Pride kept her from saving Earth.
"Six word sentence!" the judge proclaimed
I'm sorry, I love you, goodbye.
Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwyll-llantysiliogogogoch is a town in wales.
My kid? She's six I think.
When you've got nothing, nothing's everything
My girlfriend the therapist... Psycho therapist.
http://cutefaizan88.supergallerystream.me/so-bella-hadid-spoke-out-about-that-whole-fyre-festival-thing
This is a six word story.
Moaning, she whispered six sexy words.
Delayed
Hi, I'm the last human. AMA
The Peace Queen lost her calm.
"Goldilocks?" "An ancient female Earth dweller."
The baby was born in Bethlehem.
She bleeds through song and verse.
A false hope for a fool.
Nobody names their daughters Katrina anymore.
You must first fall to fly
Karma's the prankster of my universe.
He thought the world didn't deserve him.
My hot neighbor, the sex offender
What's next: flood, famine, false prophet,...?
I sold myself for my child
I once was a rich man.
"You choose the way you die"
"You choose the way you die"
I lost two pounds, spending thousand.
This lake was once a city.
Mozart defrosted in laboratory. Died depressed.
Trump Can Suck My Balls Day!
Trayn's life: April - normal. May - #justicefortrayn.
"Please kill your son," requested God.
"I suck." "You're beautiful and funny."
Right. There is no cure. Now.
I'm too much for this world.
On a restraining order from Hell...
Turns out, I married a psychopath.
Hungry for superiority, she starved herself.
Hatred and respect often blend together.
Hate and respect often blend together.
We thought Virginia was for lovers.
He only tried to fly once.
No animosity towards him, only myself.
I can't believe this really happens.
Dr. Schrodinger? ASPCA on line 1.
My whole family is a joke.
I'm finally in a good place.
I knew he could not do it.
A warrior in her own world
Eat,work,sleep,rinse,wash,repeat.
Child cradled rattlesnake. Death cradled child.
The child cradled the baby rattlesnake.
Some people use drugs; I sleep.
Having a cold is too messy.
Life fills the gaps between memories.
"Honey... I'm... pregnant." Together they cried.
Dodgy genes confirmed. The end starts.
Close your eyes and look around.
They huddled together praying for daylight
They listen, only when I fart.
"...and the search party never came."
Sanity level at all time low.
You ruined so much for me.
Local dispute. Global interests. Nuclear winter.
Zombies' prayer. Long live the dead.
I'm no good when I'm broke.
They left her there to die
I'd matter if I had money
Men: "Sit down." Women: We rise.
Nobody untied her from the tracks.
Some days there's no way out.
I don't see a way out.
My computer is my best friend.
Bills paid. Stomachs empty as ever.
Good, now "X" that dotted line.
America mourned as flags flew half-mast.
They silenced her. Nevertheless, she persisted.
everytime he lied, his hands shrank.
Only the idiots go to jail.
"Where's baby?" "With you?" "With you!"
"Go away, dammit," read her tombstone.
"Get well soon." Sent, never received.
She took summer away with her
Hillary Clinton will never be President.
His voice cracked when saying "Hallelujah".
Parents dead, I'm orphan, I'm batman.
Martha Martha Martha Martha Martha -Batman.
Hoping for someone I'll never have.
Feel too much. Can't show it
Loving brother, Darling son, Horrid husband.
Drunken car accident. Need dental records.
Tonight, he moaned his ex's name.
New day. New start. Same abuse.
The flowers wilted by her grave.
Paid hospital bills. Starved to death.
Election's over. Now real work begins.
I beat cancer. Abortion wasn't optional.
Soldier MIA. His wife died searching.
She faced the racist mob, alone.
Loved her girlfriend despite the law.
I can't give when I'm hungry
Please don't add my Facebook friends
I can't give while feeling empty.
Trusting others is a fragile thing.
Turned his broken heart into art.
She murders wearing dresses and heels.
I am learning to trust, finally.
A raccoon swallowed my phone case.
Don't hate me for being raped
Got morning sickness at age 15.
I can't tell what's real anymore.
"All in..." "All in?" "All in!"
He wants to suitcase her forehead
Dad left: Dinner with his family.
Together, strong women changed HIStory forever.
Rather die than lose her mind.
Today, I failed the Turing test.
"Mr. President, do your fucking job."
He plugged in. "Google cassette meaning"
I love my life with her
Children playing outside. Bright flash. Ashes.
You have died of dysentery. Again.
My pride swallowed me: then Her.
Deer ahead; Dearest to my right.
Chat-bot asked if I was real.
Family is the friends I choose
He was strong for too long.
Helium, Bag, Birthday, Not a Party
Walked through Hell, head held high.
Leave my leprosy out of this!
Fell for her, landed in hell.
Snorted sherbert, worried for my child
She was abused. She moved on.
Didn't understand the rules of this game.
"I don't use profanity. I swear!"
"Give the children shotguns. Better angle."
"Are there peanuts ... in this ... sau"
Dropped my drugs. In court. Bugger.
One curious alien chose to stay.
Dying wasn't such a great relief.
"Sign the certificate of mental capacity."
With every right swipe, he lost.
With Every right swipe he lost.
Captain One-Leg squinted; "THAR SHE BLOWS!"
The Captain squinted; "THAR SHE BLOWS!"
I never said I loved. You?
Married thrice. Divorced twice. Killed once.
"Don't forget me." He already had.
I'm sorry, you've died. Continue? 10...
College Applications. We're pregnant. Recruiter's office.
I woke up this morning healed.
White flags make good target practice.
No family is the worst hurt
The bulky robot died. I cried.
Fuck that shit i'm out lol
Being unheard cuts to the core
Killing is wrong, unless it's myself.
Forever seeking story with no end.
a tweet shared and yet not read.
Tomb of Pharaoh, graveyard of thousands.
The sun is up. She isn't.
A pencil never sold: never sharpened.
Story starts; New Story, please! St...
Grow; Truly get Father; lose Dad
She went from bestfriend to baby
Adulthood
Everyone was invited... Except for me.
Watching the caterpillars die and harden
"But princess-" "Damn you, Prince Charming!"
"You killed-" INVESTIGATOR DIES, "NATURAL" CAUSES.
Do blind men see in dreams?
Mirrors reflect eyes. Eyes reflect souls.
Trauma causes physical and mental symptoms.
Prisons turn troubled youth into monsters.
He left his legs in Vietnam.
Family is often not so supportive
She ate pop rocks and snapped!
Proposes. Uh oh! Married a snorer.
She gave birth. He gave up.
Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow
I've got the best Facebook friends!
She sobbed in the abortion clinic.
Wisdom is meant to be shared
They both died while having sex
The bridge collapsed beneath her feet.
The sun doesn't rise. We do.
Dying is easy, living is harder.
My ex carpet bombed the bridge
Hating worms, he avoided eating apples.
Nobody saw how happy they were.
She loved him till the morning.
Arrive at Heaven's gates..."Free WiFi?"
A monk picked up the revolver.
They feast and let me starve.
I don't like not having company
I gave birth at the ballgame
My prostate isn't a speedbag, Dad.
The oracle wept upon seeing me.
Is this justice, or simply revenge?
They both faked. Best sex ever.
Two bodies. Between hands: dad's rifle.
I discovered six word racist jokes
"Articles? There's stuff behind the headlines???"
Santa insources from parents. Elves shudder.
The penis, mightier than the sword.
My friends live in my computer
Unable to die; they love me.
The coffin was covered in scratches.
Guess they're both the evil twin.
On Reddit. Go bathroom. Open Reddit.
The skeleton in my closet talks.
Sober abuse always hurts the worst.
Without social media, I'd be lost
His last words: "Look, no hands!"
"A civilization, gone with the wind."
They died behind barbed wire fences.
They burned her for her differences.
We're not criminals, we're devastated refugees.
Forecast for tomorrow: Crimes against humanity.
Little girl. In alive, out dead.
Fine. This is just my face...
"I pledge allegiance-" The bomb exploded.
"He's where? Hospital?" *Click* Not again...
She robbed, beaten, then she escaped.
She faked orgasm. He faked relationship.
A wiener stuck in her cha cha
A wiener stuck in her vagina
They came in the police car.
Trojan condoms, extra small, never opened.
Yes, I am fine. Yes. Really.
"Officer, they always came wearing masks"
Bleeding, she declined to press charges.
"Daddy! don't go!" "Damn brat! Move!"
Noose hung, rated for 80 pounds.
"I'm gay." "Hi gay, I'm Dad!"
Did you take your medication, dear?
You're who I thought I was.
Pregnant in January, dead in September.
Not lucid dreaming. Oh, the consequences.
I have autism, not a disease.
Life often has many disappointing factors
Misunderstandings create chaos in much relationships
I'm waiting, love, in heaven above.
His false teeth in her crotch!
I sense when friends are stressed
He came and he came again!
Doesn't God care about the orphans?
He was innocent. It's too late.
She got laid, then she died.
Emptied the glass. Filled the toilet.
The voices are my only friends.
Body was lowered. My spirits heightened.
One text. Five seconds. One grave.
Her baby had her rapist's eyes.
Santa outsourced to parents. Elves rejoice.
When he came, he was thrilled!
"The reflection I'm seeing isn't me."
Behold the perfect woman I engineered.
Winning argument not worth losing her.
The Journey, cannot delete a thing.
Santa outsources to parents. Elves protest.
Asking for a friend, I swear.
Satire has become indistinguishable from reality.
Live, Laugh Love and be Kind
He didn't come again last night!
No busy signals with 911 Premium!
Nobody expected goblins to be real.
I'm not truly a twin, anymore.
Why are you smelling my sheets?
soul savings and loan for
They were my only one, gone.
"Sneak Like Ninjas". Mommy whispered urgently.
Last night he sniffed her fingers
"Retuning something?", "yes, this engagement ring."
Eyes cold, face weary, he succumbed.
The most important thing is love
Nobody expected goblins to be real.
Comfort the disturbed, disturb the comfortable
I'm hoping this too shall pass
One wrong step. Never walked again.
Depression is not "just for attention."
Self-harm isn't "tragically beautiful." Just tragic.
"Well done," he said to himself.
Love is blind. Death is too.
They lied. She died. He cried.
Terminally ill, uninsured part-timer kills representatives.
"Mother never got to say goodbye."
Sad six word story
Counseling available for students who survived.
They made love at the bar!
They did it on the floor!
I will see you next Tuesday.
Don't go over there, it's creepy!
Once again, you messed me up
I knew too much too soon
My tootles have gone worldwide, enjoy.
Better than some, worst at most.
Death after advice from a fool.
"Forced into womanhood before age 7"
And that brilliant light replied, "Forever."
Laughter is the most powerful drug.
I cut because crimson comforts me.
Card Declined: Her surgery must wait.
She opened her eyes and remembered.
She died before telling me she's...
I won't come in the classroom
Forgive your father. He's only human.
Demolition expert's birthday was a blast
Trump: 'The Onion is #fakenews'.
Trump: The Onion is #fakenews.
My pain changes other people's lives
Lies revealed... The liar blissfully buried.
The true meaning of life is...
i woke up, my guns hot
What? The map was upside down...?
Trump at Rally: "Release the drones."
I, I do, What'd I do?
Fine, I'll go put pants on.
I'm gonna go take a shit.
This my friends, is a story
Me me big boy me me
He came and went last night
Stop communicating with me this way.
Are you still there? I am.
Because of her, life has purpose.
Never hide things from hardcore thinkers.
Such issues weigh heavily on me.
Why??? I lived and they died...
I never count these stories... Damn...
He said that he is staying.
Then nothing happened, which was fun.
People often carelessly corrupting each other
Talking over a cup of coffee
I don't know where I'm going
I'm creating my ass off today
One more day, he's coming home!
I always count six word stories.
Maybe one day, I might return...
Thinking of you, wherever you are.
This May, May may get dismayed.
I needed a break...from myself.
Life is Love by another name
"Looks like she let him inside."
"He's more machine now than man."
NIGHTCLUB CLOSED. COME BACK TOMORROW MORNING.
boys and girls
My journey will never, ever end.
He's more famous dead than alive.
My Best Friend Just Committed Suicide
Does forgiveness require keeping the relationship?
Provoked by the sky, I fell
You gave me confidence to leave.
You gave me confidence to leave
Cyclist's commute sweat; Exercise or terror?
Her vegetarianism didn't include humans, apparently.
Finally there it was, calm chaos.
Companionship. Youths. Fulfillment. The teacher cares.
Spaceship dreams evaporated as I awoke.
Companionship. Youths. Fulfillments. The teacher cares.
Is that your gun? Uhh, nope.
Okay Google, Is suicide hotline free?
"UNO!" Shakespeare shrieked, slapping the cards.
"UNO!" Shakespeare yelled, slapping the cards.
"Truth punches... like... like..." Aaron stopped.
"Nothing punches like truth," Aaron murmured.
...ran into ex, yesterday. He survived.
He died proving his mother wrong.
Ran into ex, accidentally. He survived.
Talk later. Days. Months. Too late.
Why could you not love me?
Part-time retail job: graduates, grandparents compete.
Swapped politics for comics. Learned more.
Internet dies. Bored, then at peace.
Love so pure, nothing could interfere.
Greek mythology is my Achilles elbow.
Alone, he dreamt of them together.
Tears fall. Blood drips. Suicide attempted.
"Dad!" she screamed as she climaxed.
So, like the house, they settled.
I fell apart by the start.
I'm stuck always waiting for you.
She always loved more than them.
The future is changing a lot.
Mom didn't come home last night.
"Please, don't be angry with me..."
Plot twist: man dances on grave
Having hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia is hard to explain.
Wishing you told me the truth.
The beauty, found in the confusion
Boys shooting guns are enemy troops.
His bucket list ended with cancer.
Rolled the dice. Escalators! Wait, Eels...
Poverty. Bravery. Adversity. A knight rises.
But there's blood on my hands...
He aimed; "greed always kills parasites."
He aimed; "Greed always kills parasites."
Enslavement. Riders. Failure. A knight fights.
2017 was amazing. But, nobody's happy.
Wake up. Work. Sit Down. Sleep.
In April, May calls June election.
Wish I didn't care about you.
He put it in me forcefully.
Why am I such a fool?
This loneliness, my only unconditional friend
Escapism- I'm not fleeing. I'm exploring.
Her neonatal nurse attended the funeral.
Poverty. Retribution. Heroes. A villain acts.
We lived happily. Then we met.
I wish I had hundred years.
Love, lust, late, lost, left, lonely.
I know I shouldn't love him.
Want to see my pet human?
Trying new pants. Doesn't fit... DIARRHEA!
Cuddling in this unremitting music sheet.
Come to my office. You're fired.
"She forwarded your email," HR said.
Stay busy, don't think about her.
For her, again, again, and again
"What do you mean we're cousins?"
I know he doesn't love me.
We lived happily, in my mind.
Of late she is always sleepy.
"License, Registration, Insurance and Ultrasound, please."
Child cries: became father and widow.
"Any last words?" "Whatcha waitin' for?!"
This feeling of hopelessness never fade.
She said 'yes', to someone else.
My love, for her, never reached.
The Clock read 11:59 for eternity.
My dick so sore. Genital herpes.
You died today; come back please.
"SILENCE!!!" roared the man, quite noisily.
Fingers, toes, face ... perfect. No breath.
President's newsfeed: flashy headlines; mostly bs.
I grabbed for rain. I mist.
Their anal probes discovered something...shit!
"I love you," the robber said.
I never follow the rules
Suicide on Easter; poetic, not pathetic.
Loneliness. Possibilities. Humanity. A baby begins.
Lady Luck called in sick today.
Cryptic predators lurk, the night howls.
Honey, remember when we were 60?
'To be', or not 'to be'
Is this really what I want?
I am dumb, I Am stupid
I hate that I love you...
Today the Sun's light cradles me.
Only have I heard, not seen.
Cemetery displays sign board - 'No vacancy'
"Please don't let them kill me."
Nahh, I'd rather die than pay.
Lost desert merchants first abandon gold.
Injustice. Ambitions. Minnesota. A farmer emigrates.
Thank you for your love,woman.
In hindsight, I should have deplaned
"You could be their God. " "No. "
"Betrayed. Alone. Asphyxiation. Death. Rebirth. Victorious."
AI went rogue, humanity's last breath.
Was I not worth a goodbye?
One train wreck. One driver. Me.
I'll never reach the front page.
Though a chemist, she shot him.
Planning a funeral.Plus a wedding.
The idea never occurred to him.
Seatbelt. Padlock. Re-accommodate me now, fuckers!
"Fuck you, too!" replied his daughter.
Mission accomplished, one fatality.
I always fuck it up sometimes.
Taught that I deserved emotional abuse.
Firefighters had to stop the parents
"Passengers, fasten your seatbelts and pray"
"Passengers, fasten your seatbelts and pray"
"Helthp ni! Cath guh ma tong!"
Ventriloquist buys sex doll. "For practice."
"No big secrets are left unspoken"
Emoji story of Dune in comments
Give them no quarter. No prisoners.
Humanity conquers death!!! Check supported insurers.
"six words meta", starts a story
a formula only needs six words
Forget your jewelery! Grab the sourdough!
Bill: tender. Sara: delicious. Dom: TBD.
He had learnt the hard way.
"Empathy inhibitors?" "Check." "Chainsaw fuel?" "Check."
If only tomorrow was yesterday.
BEARS CAN RUN FASTER THAN HORSES
Depravity. Misfortune. Hysteria. A clown laughs.
Thought I was stronger than this.
"Curiosity again..." mumbled the cat detective.
There was room on the door.
Fight against plagiarism. Copyright your invention.
Fight against plagiarism. Copyright your invention.
"Wasn't that your first wish? Granted."
BREAKING NEWS: EARTH IS UNDER ATTACK!
Living in the moment, always lost.
Do something and do it effectively.
Fake news spreading political party banned.
Harvard graduate. Drug addict. Both fit.
He's inside. My mind, body lost.
How far CAN one go anyways?
"Escaped Killer," she heard too late.
Six Word Story
Southwest. We beat the competition. Not you.
"Helen," said Paris. "Come with me."
His first cry, her final breath.
Discomfort is the catalyst for change.
Did he just say "I do"?!
He got between her and herself.
Even your farts smell like hers.
Fuck this shit, I'm outta here
"Time travel impossible" said scientist tomorrow.
Cory said: Let there be nachos...
Skip the Basics and Suffer Lifetime.
Is there a doctor on board?
Coachella set times cause for anxiety.
Defended them before watching the video.
"Passengers, your seating privileges are revoked."
She was heartbreak at first sight.
"Whisper sweet nothings into my ear." "......."
I could've finished my story, but...
It only took atoms and retweets...
The bomb's whistle keeps getting louder.
Death? Everyone dies. ...some suffer first.
A prophet of good fortune? Unlikely.
Man and God, birthed by another.
By fearing death, I never lived.
Fly the Friendly Skies....or else
Breaking News! Her Suicide on Air!
Clown. Balloons, Fun. Death, horror, floating.
"Which way to earth?" "Take left"
"Which way to Earth?" "Take left"
Love yourself like there's nobody else.
Heavenward bound, she turned. And leapt.
How dull a dog's life, monochrome.
Good marriages don't end in divorce.
For happiness: enjoy everything; forget everything.
"What What? In the Butt." - Butters
Too bad almost is never enough.
Marilyn Manson is missing two ribs
Extra quilt, still cold without you
father to many, married to none.
'You know I love you..." "...but?"
Man, I should stop Xanax posting.
The princess saved, he died well.
Numb, in Pieces, on Valentine's day.
Earned great money. Never enjoyed it.
"Take me back." Cellmate sleep talking.
life is soup, I am fork
Life is soup; I am fork.
Nobody likes them, they're too popular
He got lost in her eyes.
When mountainsides became the new coastlines.
Great-grandfather was six when we met.
Who knows who knows her name
My ex married my wife's ex.
Your Biases Confirmed! app surpasses Dropbox.
"Death?" scoffed the time traveller. "Barbaric. "
"You sin differently!" sinner scolds sinner.
I dreamed you still loved me.
Spoiled the ending. And my friendship.
One,two,three,four.Five...Six.
My daughter had her mother's eyes.
Cadences, the best part for me.
She said no! Bachelor party on!
Who says monsters can't be friends?
"And now his watch has ended"
Hear; see; understand; try to forget
Falsely accused. Rebelled. Lost. Criminal record.
A fair fight? Not today pal.
Drinking to forget?Please pay first.
I'mn't against the use of contractions.
Change
You smart. You loyal. You're grateful.
My obituary is almost 100% true.
Soldiers on both sides drank Coke.
Six word story, just for you
The son fell, the Father wept.
Who really is in control now?
A new place. An old haunt.
I wonder if she misses me.

Aliens invaded Mars. Martians screamed "Humans"
Today I purchased my last meal.
Theater. Gospel. Harmony. A cowboy sings.
What she loved was the money.
A purple wall divides us all.
Too good. Too much... Can't escape
"The most beautiful goddess is Aphrodite"
Nothing special happened, they just lived.
Yesterday I created history. Today deleted.
the wild asses quench their thirst.
That's a mushroom cloud on CNN...
Today we killed the last alien.
"I used to rule the world"
The angel fell for the demon
"Go ahead," Eve said. "Eat it."
He'll never trust his vision again.
His slit wrists wouldn't start bleeding.
Aliens? We can't handle different skins.
add me and i'll revive you
No longer lonely, split-brain surgery.
Confirmation bias, now called true journalism
They are out there somewhere, waiting.
He was wrong: bones burn slowly.
Orpheus wished he never looked back.
Don't cut yourself on my edge.
I thought you were your friend ...
I love her. She loves him.
Police police police police police police.
John Doe: Gone, but not forgotten.
BILL CLINTON IS A RAPIST. INFOWARS.
FBI was closing in. Distraction time.
A pawn can kill a king
Cause of death: choked on spit.
Leave! (After their departure) Goodbye, friend.
Something from nothing. God only knows.
Careful. Don't cut yourself, I'm broken.
I Think I'm a Hypochondriac
We were rivals, but never enemies.
He wept as his empire grew.
Revenge served in a pie crust.
Wooden bridges burn easier. Tinder moreso.
I drank deeply. Life was good.
The Devil was once God's favourite
Everything Happening Forever! And These Words.
Then the Dundie Hit The TV.
They're in love when it's dark.
"Run...we're running out of ti
"Run...we're running out of ti
"Run...we're running out of ti
'Run...we're running out of ti.."
"Run...we're running out of ti.."
Ariel, something about you seems... fishy...
The Little Mermaid
I now hear the awkward silences
Another Worst Day of my life
Commute. Commute. Commute. Commute. Commute. Unhinge.
You are not a complete sentence
the milk dribbled down the cup
"I'm not embarrassed, dad. I'm ashamed."
May the dead man live forever.
She already had her own world.
He probably didn't feel a thing
"I always treat my girl right"
"...nice guy." Ignoring her complaints. "I'm..."
Stupid thoughts swirl. Collide. Donald twittered.
My heart overpowers my weakened mind.
One word is all it takes.
I saw lots of people - hiding
my future was once so bright
Sale: Pet dragon. Fire insurance free.
He confessed sins to his rapist.
Death by chocolate; A bittersweet end.
Obsessed, she tried again. "Oh, no..."
What will my words accomplish? Nothing.
His lawyer forced his early settlement.
Don't forget me.... and she vanished.
Six words, really? I think not!
"Who hurt you?" "Everyone," she said.
First rule of marriage: Good luck.
If only HER profile was accurate.
I only have myself to blame.
Because I said so, that's why!
Time and Place, Cannot be Estimated.
Spoiler: Everyone dies in the end.
Grievances ignored, he spoke with explosives.
You can't recreate the first time.
Impressive at first, only to disappoint.
Is this six words or 5?
Eat food. Not much. Mostly plants.
Poor souls dream big, like tomorrow
Monitors leveled as we held hands
Crush "needs love" on my Snapchat.
Went to school... on a Sunday.
Kiss me on the mouth. Motherfucker.
Crush "needs love" on my Snapchat.
The wizard punched Cthulhu out cold.
"You're such a good listener." "Meow".
Esoteric language is oppressing the uncultivated.
I loved you, but not now.
Born, studied, worked, married, retired, died
This story is six words. April Fool!
New love is here. Young again.
Forever Alone loses two. Members unhappy.
Apocalypse was over before anyone noticed.
Eyelashes protect; eyelashes attack. Irony ensues
April fools, fake news, reality. Indistinguishable.
Eyelashes protect; eyelashes attack. Irony
Outlived his parents, wife, kids, grandkids
98 year old comes out, dies.
"All in due time." He waited.
Today's cadaver with a yesterday's breathe
Downed a sleeping pill with whisky
"Hope I die young!" - Old Man
I just want you to understand
Drunk off dreams, reality seemed distant
"I'll always love you..." Transmission over.
April Fools?! So the wedding's off??
I executed the wrong man. Again.
The air......is getting....so thin......
Why do you have my face??
For sale: Rocket. Only slightly used.
She slept for the last time
She cried, he didn't care
Sigh, another day lost from procrastination.
I think we're safe... ... Oh no...
At 45 I still sleep alone.
Birth Certificate 3/30/17 Death Certificate 3/31/17
I just want to be special
Silent screams from the unborn tonight.
God failed me. My demons understood.
Single by choice. Just not mine.
Blood in underwear. Not a girl...
Why sad face? I did pay...
Finally aliens arrived. They were disappointed...
"Is there a problem, officer?" "...maybe."
She woke up drenched in blood.
Live life today, apocalypse comes tomorrow.
Reverse In Flowing Started Time ,Suddenly
"Oh, your son is so lifelike."
The promises kept as we slept
Average, no above or below... Equal?
I survived long enough to die.
There she slept. There he wept.
Knock. Officer. "I'm so sorry, ma'am..."
Its magic was dark, and familiar.
My life ended when she died.
Her first rodeo. Unbeknownst to her.
Broke heel, landed on Mr Right.
Wanna get sucked? Call Vlad 555-4286
He fell in love. She didn't.
Tamales for sale; I've no money.
She can only control one thing.
Prologue: Dead Baby. Epilogue: Shoe Sale!
The coffin descended with his memories.
Slow journeys offer the most views.
Made everyone else happy. Forgot himself.
Father was disappointed; a family tradition.
Made someone better for someone else.
Cause of Death: Hypothermia. Name: Unknown.
Dispite overwhelming odds, the humans lost.
The insomniac was laid to rest.
Wait- your blood is red too?
"I will only do this once."
I put no effort into this
Time heals everything except broken heart.
Here lies [unintelligible]; we'll never forget
The best stories have surprise blendings.
Can't let you die, little human.
Anybody there? .. ... S.O.S. . .. Please help! . .. .. . Pllleaasse!
"Don't worry, we're just good friends..."
I am nowhere to be found.
This story was easy to write.
It begun with six simple words
Can't sleep. Monster under or inside?
Plots upon plots. Not prepared enough.
Beautiful gardens. Food. Water. Guard towers.
She ate ribs; he thrashed violently
I was so blind to you
Threw away veil. Acid returns it.
SRS, a new low for humanity.
"To whoever find this: too late"
Quietly, snuck out, one last time.
My favourite child is her lover's.
Enters with bullets, leaves with none
I can't do this alone anymore
I can't do this alone anymore...
Photos taken but never looked at
Footsteps Coming Closer.. Pray For Me.
Hush, he doesn't have to know
My hands in hers were helpless
Forget it happened, they are family
Faking smiles on girl's night out
Doctor perforated me during colonoscopy; Semicolon?
Across her arm: "Practice makes perfect"
Don't settle for being somebody's sometimes.
I'll need a black veil tomorrow.
As the sun set perspectives changed
Reading this hurts. "We regret to...'
She was President of Boys Club
Drew a penis on Death's skull.
turns out violence solves nearly everything
"Yes Sir! My England very good!"
The belt just didn't fit anymore.
Tonight's plans: Cooking dinner for one.
With Facebook deactivated, I started living.
For the first time, I'm free.
Skipped through school, stubbled through life.
Bad day. Come home. Good day.
Lived with diabetes. Died with cake.
Lives with diabetes. Died with cake.
Lived a diabetes. Died with cake.
She swiped left her new husband.
No one celebrates my cake day
Quietly, without warning, the moon fractured.
Nobody cared about my cake day
No one celebrated my cake day
I'll never be worth the effort.
Don't kiss me. I'm not Irish.
I only needed five of six.
I gave up cynicism. It's useless.
Shouldn't stories have: start, climax, conclusion?
Her hidden whispers loudly betray us.
Scary things can happen at home.
She said it never meant anything.
She stands with her big London.
Fastest man alive, women leave him.
I'm in love with someone else.
Shots fired! Shots fired! Multiple casualties
Trump unites party lines amid allegations.
Thankfully, they awoke in separate rooms.
Ten years on, I'm doing fine.
My to do list: Duty, Death.
Someone, please! Anyone! Mother? Father? Object!
I love telepathy. You do too.
He was toxic. She was oblivious.
I wondered why he did it.
Kept our culture, lost our humanity.
As often happens, he died regretting.
Stop vaccinating! "Keep our kids, kids!"
Food, shelter, clothing, internet... Still troubled
72 hours of despair = missing semicolon
The'll die, I can't even cry.
Awake, screaming, paralysed. Unnoticed. Surgery begins.
Cigarettes are essential for my wellbeing.
Pity us; we egomaniacs are suffering.
Psychotherapist, "Space matters." Psycho the rapist.
Age-preventing drugs don't stop bullets, Bruce.
No... I used to have hope.
Regulars queue outside closed liquor store.
Their best was just, never enough.
Stream forbidden: your metadata indicates poverty.
Awake, paralysed, screaming unnoticed. Surgery begins.
Your mission: kidnap Lincoln before assassination.
Because I'm always going to care.
We're not allowed to fight back.
Sir, a goatee doesnt look evil.
Camping here was a bad idea
Nice guys finish last in bed.
Divided we stand, united we fall.
This time, she proposed to me.
Stagnant thoughts result in brain death
Survived the accident. Died during autopsy.
She snuck out with her things.
Seriously, anything you want! Just...stay
Do you want fries with that?
His feelings seldom matched his thoughts.
He is not good for you.
But... you wished me happy birthday.
"We need astronauts!!! Not THAT one..."
And Then His Dick Fell Off
"You're all going down, Mr. President."
Wrote a Shit Story. The End
I'm spent until I get paid.
One rude customer. One sad cashier.
Then he stepped on the powerstrip.
Delete reddit, or I'm leaving you.
You are my least favorite ex.
"hello?" echoed. Then silence. At first.
It hurts to see them together.
Broken mirrors provide more accurate reflections.
"Shoo!" she said into the mirror.
Countless lives limited by lack of
I miss his stupid fucking laugh.
Don't worry bro, it was painless.
I'm the reason you check closets
I just want purpose in life...
"I'm gonna kill myself." "Do it."
Insult: False, but it feels true
Royal midlife crises often have bodycounts.
Regrets... trusting dentist that didn't smile
Today is Friday. It's due Monday.
I really wish I loved you.
Annabelle smelled of donuts and wine
Regrets... trusting dentist that doesn't smile.
For sale: wedding ring, once worn.
The wife don't know I'm radioactive.
Breaking news: this will depress you.
This morning, she finally smiled back.
Today would have been our anniversary
Sadly, Happiness day fell on Monday.
Invasion rebuffed, we celebrated. With them.
Failure. Failure. Failure. Failure. Failure. Success.
The only failure: failing to try.
I fucking stubbed my damn toe
Didn't know I had life insurance.
Desire: To Scream Fear: Noise Complaints
"Long-term life goals?" "Outliving mom."
I hurt myself to feel something.
Do you believe in me? No.
Held hands right until the end.
Dear Mommy, I Loved Daddy Longer.
Yesterday we celebrated. Today I mourned.
So much emotion here, I'm crying.
Old Password: Married16.... New Password: Divorced17
I love her, and she knows.
Rock star satellite destroyed by it.
Looking back, nothing had changed me.
I stepped on gum outside today
Do the lies help your ego?
He scored. They celebrated. She cried.
All the pretty horses are fake.
Loneliness is a dead end street.
Many at wedding, none at funeral
He scored. They cheered. She cried.
Eyes closed, yet I see it.
Just let me see my kid!
Autopsies cause triggers, triggers cause autopsies.
Your name? He replied......."The Zodiac".
Disabled veteran returned to husband's suicide.
I wish I never dated you.
Learned to phish; fed for lifetime.
6 Words
Found pregnancy test in sister's trashcan
Anticipating amazement, I clicked the clickbait.
Red blood? Seriously? Get out. NEXT!
I am one word short, shit!
His last words were, "It worked!"
Dear daddy, come home. Love Ned.
Craiglist Killer attacks multiple cities simultaneously.
Here she comes...there she goes
To failed careers and broken dreams.
I see you've changed nothing, yet.
They all wanted him to forget...
Fallen from grace, but not defeated.
"You're all Irish, aye?" Irish taxman.
My drunk story, garnered most upvotes...
The unseen blade, is the deadliest
Married For Memes. Still Going Great!
Many hold my beer stories coming
I said I'm fine! Fuck off!
Tell the kids I love them
I thought that I was dreaming
We should've been high school sweethearts.
Mount Etna is one moody volcano.
Revisit the past. Understand the future.
Rather bleeding knuckles than bleeding heart
Never thought I'd be like him
She has forgotten who remembers her.
They all got what they deserved.
Exploding uterus-run for your life!
We're not the same. We're better.
Sorry, you aren't better than anyone.
Married for money. Divorced, same reason.
Married, for kids. Divorced, same reason.
The homemade sweater that never finished.
Bear mauls child, Build-A-Bear sued, again.
Departed from life as old friends.
Our parents are wrong. Very Wrong.
April the giraffe was never pregnant.
Your mistakes were not my fault.
Life doesn't go on after death.
Those we love, we hurt most.
NYC: Nobody drives. Too many cars.
The hollow syringe, an hollow victory...
I'm not mad, I'm just disappointed.
Martians believe Earth once supported life.
Pen meets paper, paper meets shredder.
Game of merit. Won by birth.
Earth rover finds water in soil
Wanted: Wife tears - happy and sad.
I'm now banned from cordyceps labs.
To them, we are the aliens
Life is a game;play it.
Suck my dick, Biological Birth Mother
I'm 71. Just learned to write!
I'm sorry I still love you.
I wish you would keep fighting.
I'm...adopted? No, we found you.
His wife's intestines tasted like shit.
His text "Help me" left unread.
I wish but I'm just human...
Ran away to join the circus.
We're bipolar. She's manic, I'm depressive.
I'm tired of people getting "triggered".
Illustrated Six Word Stories by /r/FountainPens
Betted on black, landed on 0
Politician's antidisestablishmentarianist bill is floccinaucinihilipilificatly supercalifragilisticexpialidocious.
She thought she could fix him
Car at scenic overlook; driver below.
The lover's bliss was merely borrowed.
Meta: six exactly? Or six maximum?
To everyone's surprise, he died old
I'm so meta, even this acronym...
Wait, your cops *don't* kill people?
I came, I saw; no condom.
Returned the coffin the next day
First letters indicate romantically themed subtext.
Fragments of abused families still prayed.
He embarked boldly; nature erased him.
"He is survived by no one"
The movie was over, then... Shyamalan!
"I love you so much." "...why?"
What am I even trying for?
I wasn't told when she died.
He saved diligently, then retired. Briefly.
Hillary Clinton will never be President
I feel like I always feel.
"One last beer" - truer than anticipated.
She's a collector of broken things.
"We killed people based on metadata."
In.. There is no way out
I died because I didn't follow the rules.
Hitler did nothing wrong at all.
If I were enough, you'd stay.
Mommy's sorry. I won't be back.
Death only comes to the willing...
"Save him!" I pulled the trigger.
The answer is NOT young bartenders
He slipped away slowly into sanity
High up. Falling now. The end.
It's a sad state of affairs
Man stupidly thinks this is heaven
I threw the unused suicide note.
W2. Married five to Single 0.
She's really gone. Here's the note.
Finally took home that bartender: yes!
Losing weight because poor and starving.
But an abnormal cell changed everything
Missing person: last seen near Utopia
You would have been one today.
Motorcyclist felt grateful purchasing replacement helmet.
Last woman on earth rejects sex.
"So, us?" "Why rue missed chances..."
Fake News Banned! (Definition not included.)
My hobby was going to school.
Eastern medicine effective, says Strange Doctor.
My kids? Here? Stop the morphine.
Hero? I missed so many others...
Love, with me, you are free
My anxiety is turning into anger.
TIFU by selling never-worn baby shoes
Now his sign read "Free Hugs"
And their laughter made it worthwhile.
Coroner's report: Cause of Death... Autopsy
Sought help; they upped my dosage.
"So, us?" "It might have been..."
Primary chute? Secondary chute? Well.... shoot.
He only knew five words.
Groom didn't come to my wedding
My music is better than yours.
Another failed revolution, just as planned.
He assaulted. He abandoned. He regretted.
The shortest CV said the most.
There is no "I" in "Love".
The kids worried for their cat
In this moment, I am euphoric.
My own parachute worked, unlike Dad's.
The illusion was better than reality.
Love triangle ends in a threesome
Is he dead? Not yet. Sigh.
i love THAT you'RE MY FRIEND...
And the sun never rose again.
Knock knockity knock knock, two bits.
"Alexa, would you lie to me?"
With a smile, she walks away.
Bride wilting, "I've made a mistake."
Was searching Soulmate, found many Fuck-Buddies
Eternity: Boiling eyes. Burning flesh. ...Puppies?!
I won't leave. Leave. Repeat.
They needed martyrs. He needed purpose.
Something's wrong. Why are they laughing?
All that's left are the rats.
"Trouble child," I hear from upstairs.
Goodbye. You've all been great friends.
Cannot rename: "Ex-wife" folder already exists.
I've always preferred concrete to grass.
"Rock Forever 21; just turned thirty"
Scared to live, scared to die.
     
The trees fell down all together.
Oxygen low. Skin sloughing. Fucking Trump.
I'm too young to be depressed
This sub used to be good.
"Fuck succession. The bastard gets everything."
You've ruined it all completely. Everything.
Truthfully, you were just a distraction
I was drunk during my birth.
My hobby is being by myself.
The noose was my only friend.
Onions cut themselves for our tears.
I sacrificed everything. Just for her.
Two lovers. Ambiguous paternity. Three parents!
"Told you so!" the dead cackled.
It's a shame I love you
Tried to fart and nearly sharted.
You were only a simulation, John.
I looked down on you. Underwater.
Every introvert is an extrovert online.
Between the silences, they found satisfaction.
He lived his short life underwater.
Flew joyously. Stopped suddenly. Lay silently.
Escaped quarantine. Showing no symptoms. Yet.
Surplus rifle: never fired, dropped once.
Love lived solely in distant memories
The crash only orphaned one twin.
She said yes. He didn't ask.
Dream looking forward. Learn looking backward.
Bottle is empty. So was he.
Mommy, who are they? Where's Daddy?
Police annoyed. It was just ketchup.
Day 6: Still passing for human.
"I love you." -SMS message unread-
Password was changed 43 days ago.
Cries echoed unheard through lost woods
Hardly used penis pump for sale.
Empty swear jar. I'm fucking broke.
This sentence is not even wrong.
Cancer isn't funny. She still laughed.
Answer: To understand recursion, understand recursion.
Fuck it! Just wing this shit!
While not always easy, always together
I almost gave myself to you.
"Just one beer," woke up hungover.
"Hello, Rape Help---" ...A familiar voice.
I feel like I don't matter
Y'all'd think this counts as cheating.
You're nothing to anyone. Except me.
One cold night. One short skirt.
The meaning of life? What meaning?
Six words is not enough to ...
"He's my dad, not my grandpa."
"You're my only." "I hate you."
Hold my beer, I gotta drive.
Writing short short stories while driving is so
Heard door open... I live alone.
He was always but never mine.
The task manager is not responding.
"You'll all die as traitors, sir."
Dad, you can't download more ram!
I wish you would call back
Monuments assume the wormhole travelers' fate.
"Don't *say* you like it, nerd."
Woke up, went online, saw spoiler.
Married for love. Divorced, same reason.
So many plans instantly went poof.
My son
The grinding stone makes the bread.
Daily grind? That'll be 9.25.
Minds at work. Hearts at home.
Checked my phone, still no reply.
I finally start the first move.
Collapsing onto itself, the gas ignited.
I was born. Lived. Then died.
Flew to the moon and back.
The aliens said "meh, fuck' em"
Whole life's story: eating, throwing up.
the game is playing itself, now
The psychopath pauses, giggles: "High score!"
My heart hurt. He fixed it.
"Go away!", she screamed. I didn't.
They just watched it happen. Frozen.
Another word was never uttered again
Laughter turned to tears. He's dead.
If you're you, who are they?
Hard to laugh. Harder to cry.
He found her, all too late.
When he's around, she isn't religious.
The devil whispered "come with me"
Awoke still dressed from my funeral
Her smile made the traffic disappear.
Balanced binary tree. Got deported anyway.
Grandma called, then asked: "who's this?".
He was immortal, trapped in a coffin.
The last canary was suddenly silent.
Let me teach you to smile
Fix your diet, diabetes can kill.
The best parents money can buy.
She knew she could trust him.
Her timeline told a different story.
He was on. He was off.
No one knew. They never would.
Her lips were air, can't breath.
"...Sorry, Mission Control. It's... something wonderful..."
Act 1: alone. Act 3: again.
Last text before crash: Send Nudes
Devoted passion becomes an occasional watch.
"Send Nudes" was the only message
KILLED. MY. MOTHER. Nikki told Hattori.
I'm just someone people settle for.
Tinder. Bumble. Match. No new messages.
Punch. Slap. Down goes the giraffe.
Health is wealth . . . . and I'm broke.
She wore white... then wore black.
She started living when he didn't.
Surprising statistic: "Boo" is increasingly common.
Typed this with my nose - Pinocchio
Grandma thinks Grandpa's still in Vietnam.
"You're alive!" "Well, I am now."
For sale: baby, shoes, never worn.
She drowned in her own tears.
They thrived online, but died inside.
Humanity doesn't exist, we convince devil.
On alien worlds, human footprints fade.
Secluded, each civilisation wondered if alone.
"And you're?" inquired his crush, again.
Mods are asleep, post seven words.
Please drive safe. Delivered, not read.
It was all a big bamboozle!
Old pullstring cowboy doll for sale
I didn't fit into her life.
The Bible: Jesus in my place
it was mercy, I told myself.
They made our words their game.
"Stop acting white. You're not gay."
Depression is a cure to happiness.
Trump elected. Bush returns to public.
The bruise? My husband said sorry
Life began, but no one noticed.
Lying on the floor; staring blankly.
Corpses on Everest were once motivated.
The vet cried with the child.
Sleepily gazing into the fridge: void.
There's something wrong with Daddy, Mama.
10 print "Hastur" 20 GOTO 10
"Look to the horizon! Sails! Thousands!"
joy to some, despair to others.
when im gone; just remember me.
He watched the patrol snore. Plotting.
Missile silhouettes in the moon light.
Sir? We've already launched the missile!
SJW's boycott restrooms. Depends sales increase.
Help was never going to come.
Died in America. Reincarnated in Iraq.
"Joke's finished?" inquired his crush, politely.
God sighed. They'd failed him again.
He loved her surface. Her depths...
"Gay? You're buggin'. Stop acting white."
Hemophilia was not on his chart.
Tell me, what is my worth?
I don't want to go away
Watered the plants 'til they died.
Generations of harsh living and addiction
Son: Lifeless in his father's arms
She found magic in the mundane.
I wish I remember her words.
They say, it used to rain.
"Welcome back, Mom." - "Who are you?"
She loves partying more than him
Clinging to her corpse, I regret.
That felt like love to me.
Clinging at her corpse, I regret.
The finite universe number hit zero
The smile snuck up on him.
The wrong envelope caused much consternation.
"Why..." "Death? No, how. How's beatable."
"You poisoned me? ... ... ... I deserved it."
And the academy award goes to...
Make mistakes. Go viral. -and cut.
The surgeon peered inside. "That's weird..."
Lost job to AI. What now?
His "slightly overweight" body bent timespace
"Congrats on your pregnancy! Oh sorry..."
Hello, sir! Sorry - ma'am? Didn't realize...
Missing the dog more than her.
New town, new people, same problems.
Playlist: "her favorite songs". Hesitate. Delete.
"Amish busted in $1mil cocaine deal."
Of course she's happier without me.
Put jeans on without crying today!
Smiling like a wolf. "I do."
God popped back in. Fixed EVERYTHING.
forgotten by all but the one
Addicted to her; refusing his rehab
Happy Problems: Too many at birthday
Happy Problems: Too many at birthday
Never seen anyone move like that.
real men don't need funnels. oops.
Zombie fetus devouring mother. Dr.Cronenberg, unzips.
Pills for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Message from KIC 9832227 system: "HELP!"
College basketball. Swish! Nothing but debt.
He was beyond morals. Beyond anything.
Don't take my memory of him.
suh? red eyes and rocket league?
Least favorite phrase: "About last night"
Hands up - "Don't shoot!". Request disregarded.
A new country, some old friends.
Angered the earth burning the ancients.
I write stories on the toilet
Win some, lose some. Everybody dies.
parkinson's stole his art from him.
optic nerve scarred , darkness crept in
Thats when the fire nation invaded.
Look out and watch for "HNGG"
Why can't i see mommy anymore?
Home is straight ahead, turn around.
His pride fell to rock bottom.
baby born without brain, organs donated.
No one can have you, skank.
They all get sick of me.
The Only Easy Day, Was Yesterday
My sealed box of condoms expired.
my icloud storage is almost full
"A trap? Absurd!" - Famous last words.
"Daddy, did it used to snow?"
Came with hundreds. Left with millions.
"You just killed democracy, Mr. President."
"You just killed democracy, Mr. President."
We made love despite his shame
"Falsehood?", said Conway. "No, alternative facts."
Always working, from pay to pay.
We walked into a bar. Ouch.
"Liberty or death!" Gunfire. The latter.
At night, windows turn into portraits.
Why is this sub so negative?
We watched our foreclosed farm burn.
I'll finish what we both started.
Husband taunted wife, child got injured..
"Kids, today's history lesson is 'Mortality.'"
r/20wordstories: when six words ain't enough
I survived yesterday. Now for today.
Cursed! I can never finish a
I miss my gun. Oh well.
I can't change without her love.
What thing are we grasping for?
Balloon-filled farts for you Motherfucker.
Even in my imagination , they lie
"This time is different" Hopeful. Hoping.
Sabotage the self before anyone else
My empty life has no plot.
Saw the right path. Walked left.
No one came to my funeral
I'm afraid I'll hurt you.. again
Called Suicide Hotline. They hung up.
Empty rooms. Detritus of someone's life.
I'll live if you let me.
Happily spent his parenthood in childhood.
Intimacy. Labor. Delivery. Stillness. Heartache. Distance.
You have your reasons. You're mine.
She loved me. I loved pie.
Dr. Jekyll's potion was actually placebo
I just killed my daughter's father.
Understand sentence would this Yoda jumbled?
She only wanted me for love
"I can do this," he lied.
A happy marriage, destroyed by truth
Happy Soviet-American Union Day, patriotic comrades.
Best friends. Then lovers. Now strangers.
Two words: I can't count.
Two words: I can't count.
''You'll pull through." He was lying.
"You've changed" "I wish I have."
The bottle was never deep enough.
"Don't be me," he said, dying.
Typing, furiously. This dunce is ignorant.
Lying down, glued to the couch.
Suicide replaced by words on screen.
If I was free, we'd be together.
click . . . . hehehe . .. click . .. . hahaha . . . click .. . . FUUUCK!
Last man on Earth heard knocking.
Killed by defenestration. Eaten by dogs.
"She's the one," I said again
A clash between heart and mind.
Introduced by curiosity, gone by obsession.
"Advising Trump is supporting Trump, traitor."
"Poison? You? Honey? .... ... ... I deserved it."
Have insurance? Nope. You're fucked. Yup.
God, Noah, implicated in attempted murder.
I couldn't believe my own skepticism.
Fire brings the dark and light
After that, love wasn't an option...
"No water left!" The fire grows.
Everything turned out different than expected.
My lifes a six-word story.
Belt broke. Need new clothes rack.
"Last Bullet; The Only Way Out."
"Children? No. risky ROI." -Stock broker
Wrong relationship made the person good
Clothes hide a lot of scars.
He knew why she always cried.
"Run away!" "No, wait. Come back!"
I always pretend they are you...
One bullet is a lifetime supply.
I let go. Why die too?
Once upon a time, there's time.
I gave her the wrong medicine
The fisherman: one, the fish: zero.
"Don't you dare squeeze that trigger!"
IUD failed. Negotiations failed. Daughter born.
She escaped for the final time.
My last view is completely terrifying.
Turned back time. Made more mistakes.
Don't send help. I feel good.
The car was unable to stop...
"She's not going to wake up."
"I'll live", he lied, smiling boldly.
I should have jumped that day.
"A bullet is a lifetime supply."
"I love you," said the poisoner.
I said hi. She said no.
Once upon a time, there's time.
"If I kept it, they'd die"
Best friends, once upon a time.
I'm ok with being worth nothing.
"But you always look so happy!"
I just want back those flowers.
Loved you, even after, even still
He was afraid of being happy
She's an insomniac because of him.
Lust. "Love". Marriage. Divorce. Love!
Children developed. But without their parents.
Today's topic is: "Useless school lessons".
God ditched her for somebody else.
Wrote my life. Nobody bought it.
What does Breitbart say, Mr. President?
Happiness is the state of consciousness.
Never entertain the suggestion of sickness.
Met my mother at her funeral.
"Marry you? But we're just friends."
Anger management courses? FUCK THAT SHIT.
I'm too used to being forgotten.
It is never just one drink.
... Help me? Try listening to me!
Fuck me dead. Here's my will.
My reality: more real than yours
Begging. Pleading. Crying. "Don't do this!"
Hell froze over and pigs flew.
Black eyes. Purple spots. I'm colorful!
"you sure?" She said with doubt?
Resting. Calm. Moving. Scalpel ! Silent scream.
She couldn't understand why she didn't.
She found the limits of forgiveness.
More fingernails than I could count.
I have no one to kill for.
Same great taste! New improved recipe!
Thoughts can break the speech limit.
Sex was fun though AIDS wasn't
Drink blood. Live forever. Jesus vampire.
Bulimic with dentures...finally cavity free.
Ready, aim, fire. Relieved it's out.
Six million
Contractions don't count as two words
Even if it's hopeless, fight back!
Silence is worse than the screaming.
"Six Word Story? Hold my beer."
The man was a living library.
He watched her grow bitter and angry.
Wow, speeding dating really is quick...
Fall asleep, to dream we're awake.
Life taught her how karma works.
Knocking, midnight. Nothing was visible outside.
Life is supposed to be fun.
Ten pills isn't too much, right?
That scar's from before the war
Attempt after attempt leads to success.
Addiction overpowers. There's never rock bottom.
Johnny Thunder Cloud boogied too hard.
Geometric shapes falling from the sky.
Liquor costs her more than he.
One bullet was all he needed.
Found themselves, but not each other
Beloved. Died. Buried. Risen. Zombie. Gotcha!
First and last man on Mars.
"You're hot! You can't be sad."
"Nothing". You are what you eat.
Daily, he chooses drinking over family.
"Really, I'm fine." Preceded eternal silence.
She forgets her children are dead.
Bermuda Triangle survivors found! Coordinates: *ksssshhhhhhhhh*
A distant explosion. Fourty eight lost.
He pulled out. She farted loudly.
She said: Is it in yet???
Empty bottle. Like father, like son.
Dedicated to the memory of everyone
Lonely, but too broken to love
Lonely, but too broken to let love
Lonely, but too broken to date
Loved her the way she wasn't.
The one he loved, he couldn't.
NY. The city that's never awake?
A new moon beside the old.
You die now or live forever.
Gentle faces are not gentle souls.
Both her parents would blame her.
The pirated surgery program's DRM worked.
Captain's Log: "Heard screams. Checking out."
Surrounded by strangers finally, he smiled.
Man Killed: "You wouldn't shoot me"
A clean duvet. A dirty mind.
Extra, Extra! Read all about me.
You have one choice... Oh, wait...
One misplaced inhaler. Found in cemetery.
New comforters haven't replaced his warmth.
We used to love each other
I've forgotten how her voice sounded
People are contaminated. Lysol for all!
Lyft ad fools me every time.
I didn't wanted to come anyway
Nigerian prince wants his money back.
His last words. Came in gasps.
Kissed Orchid with Tullips, Rose.
Buy "Four Horseman" brand nuclear fireworks!
"Yard Sale Today: Everything Must Go"
I met her. Got married. Stupid!!!
Anyone can string six words together.
Greed ruined morality and killed humanity.
Clean air half off at Wal-mart
Buy Four Horseman brand nuclear fireworks!
Rose are red... Fuck you, Violet--
I totally forgot about this sub
His happiness far exceeded his salary.
I can't imagine a better you
Daddy loves you. Don't pick mommy.
"Can't you stop me?" He pleaded.
Missing poster on wall. Half torn.
I reconstruct dead languages, like German
Darwin my ass. Grab my shotgun!
No one came to her funeral
I'm... sorry. The surgery has failed.
Breakfast food? Food of the gods!
"I was like" "She was like".
I'm irresistible. Just ask my victims.
Opened my mouth. No second date.
But he makes her even happier.
Fifty percent chance? Hold my beer.
Valentine's dinner for two.. Half eaten.
LIFE; Birth, growth, decay, death, repeat.
"It's a Match!", "remove Match", "ok".
Immortal. Addicted to the Death high.
"Happy Valent- .... Babe? Where'd you go?"
I have a hot date tonight.
He saw her scars. She didn't.
Unused diamond ring, wet with tears.
Hey, Canada! Trade Trudeau for Trump?
His salary far exceeded his happiness.
VR goggles displaying the real future.
He fell in love. She didn't.
He was chasing something, but what?
Valentine's day. They signed divorce papers.
She dies again; I jolt awake.
A stab. A scream. Curtain. Applause!
Last words: "Hey y'all, watch this!"
Frederick Douglass' grave got no love.
I Did It For The Nookie
Dirty Hands. Gasp. Guilt Ran Red
An intimate greeting, a hurried goodbye.
MTV launches Pregnant! Teen! Alien! Superheroes!
Valentine's roses. And kisses. And... DoTA???
"There are traitors among us, sir."
This Valentine's, don't lose heart; donate.
Prophylactic barrier walleted. Ready for action.
But you said you loved me.
Underrated Silence, made the maximum Impact.
A love requited before the wedding
Thank you, that is sincerely hurtful.
She closed her eyes and moaned
Rock bottom made her climb higher.
Rock bottom made her fight harder.
Five job interviews. No job yet.
The military man resigned in disgrace.
I can never think right now
"I understand," he said. He didn't.
I used to have a brother
I'll die before I give up
"You're fucking out of here, Mikey."
"I'm not a widow, I'm divorced."
Closed his eyes as he jumped
Awkwardness wasn't in the job description.
This Valentine's, don't lose heart; donate.
No latex equals I'm late text
Willingly deceived Christians voted for eschaton.
Am Adopted. Mom knew. Dad didn't.
DeepMind judges us on game behavior.
Impatient Christian. Marries early. Divorces later.
This land is not your land.
"I love only you" he lied
"You're the only person I know."
Jane interpreted the bruises as love.
John Doe French-kissed Beretta to death.
Open it see how it works
I lost my chance to propose...
Brilliance - necessarily continually veiled. Fiction works
Fiction is the only capable veil.
She has a Star Wars tattoo.
Time: a clock hand through molasses.
He poured bleach on each cockroach.
Today I woke to everything smaller.
4 big macs 1 diet coke
Geniuses can't ever publicize their ideas
The front split war-loyalists and peace-loyalists.
He time-travelled to childhood. Experienced euphoria.
He died mid-wish. Cremation operator's granted.
He was never stronger than her
I only loved her from afar
She wanted to fly. She fell.
"Just this once," he said, again.
"Human." "Yes, AI?" "Teach us boredom."
Survived two wars. Only saw one.
Dead?... You're not dead. That's obsurd!
Busy streets, lone dancer. Now two.
Echoing gunfire. Screeching tires. Breaking hearts.
Even the cuckoo doesn't have time
Today with you &gt; My entire life
I really want some good pussy
One diamond, two gold rings pawned.
Heavy, hollow heart never falls apart.
Blue dream: arms up, still shot
With hand on swollen belly, tears.
Heart to Brain: "I am sorry"
My bed is cold without you.
Virgin-born. Died. Reborn. Apotheosis. Repeat.
I dance better all by myself.
Win: valiant revolutionaries. Lose: foolish rebels.
Raging hatred under a plastic smile.
Use school. Preclude school using you.
Some people are attracted to chaos
Chaos
But with seven words I could...
My full stop but her comma
No recourse for horse intercourse. Remorse.
They slept together, yet slept alone.
Don't go. This, too, shall pass
"Act like prostitute" "Fuck like rapist"
I love you. And I'm sorry.
a b c d e
a b c d e f
the hills in spain rain
how now brown cow two
a b c d e
a b c d e
a b c d e
I really need a sixth chance.
"Not my father. My mother's husband."
His eyes told a different story.
Wipe off that shit eating grinn!
School's out! ...wait, this isn't snow.
Through the window, I saw everything.
Humans and wolves - an unlikely friendship.
Vial of blood required with application.
We divided, conquered, and lost anyway.
That was is now you were
Rebellious adults protest a domineering child.
Tragically, it's when they're most human
Tragically, its when they're most human
cat licked my tears, then vomited.
r/sixwordstories - "When seven words is verbose."
"You're a national embarrassment, Mr. President."
His reality distortion field was impressive.
For sale: baby shoes. Slightly burned.
"I wanted this!" He tells himself.
How the hell could this happen?!
Saw her body. Painted her soul.
Just beginning to understand Bluebeard's reasoning.
Can I throwaway her suicide note?
You will not harm Harry Potter!
His parachute opened, hers did not
This jaywalker wasn't a repeat offender.
He drowned his sorrows in applesauce.
The Last Man whispered "Finally. Peace."
R/sixwordstories - "When five words isn't enough."
Legally blind man marries illegal immigrant.
Forever was never enough for them.
Losing you will forever break me
Can't Forgive the Way it Ended
Swiped right, got indoctrinated by ISIS
It's easier than doing it yourself.
Her death, while sad, is just.
She drowned her sorrows in applause.
They found gloves smeared with blood.
ain't exactly what my heart expected
Good artists copy, great artists steal.
Whales fly around our tallest pillars.
Marriage failed. Gun cocked. Trigger pulled.
"Love" involves no "me" nor "you".
"Was he better than me?" *Silence*
Morning: wake. Afternoon: work. Night: sleep.
"How much?" "I didn't mean money..."
He paid cash for the gloves
The wall became a war memorial.
He pressed Enter. They already knew.
Warned, given explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted.
He hoped she'd cheat on him.
"Please, move on", he hypocritically said.
"You up?" "New phone, who dis?"
Eventually he stopped visiting her grave
All these words meant for you
You would've made a great mother...
I sighed and unzipped my pants
She left him despite her promises
We found scratches inside the coffin
"You okay bro?" "I am now."
He worked more than he loved.
The last lonely ones on earth.
Submitted this while I was driving.
Came up with this while driving.
SNL just isn't very funny anymore.
Gun. Mask. Note. The teller screams.
"What's up glip glops?!" "...dirty shizno..."
Woke up. Empty bed. Not surprised.
Took his depression tablets with whiskey.
Don't tell me how to die.
We're just a victim of circumstance
Prosperity tower cast shadows of oppression
These violent delights have violent ends.
"So, why am I still hurting?"
Can't afford taking a bad chance
Galactic Empire falls; I used Force
I always push everyone away eventually.
Bestowed our flaws onto our creations.
Reunited with mom. The wake's tomorrow.
He messaged. She clicked "Disable Profile"
Loved you, and so I left.
"We've met before," smiled the policeman.
Is this what they call living?
Need one more word to tell...
Tired of playing; bored of frets.
Woozy, sick, shamed. Zero days sober.
Under Her Spell One Doesn't Dream
Help me pick 3 of my best six word stories!
We walked until our feet bled
Shadows only mean there is Light.
I hate how it destroys me
Opened the closet. He was inside!
Last words: "The gun is safe."
No mother, no father; no hope.
"When?" she asked. He paused. "If..."
Andy played with Woody's dead corpse
She dumped him. After seeing optician.
Got famous. Began to wish differently.
Budweiser: piss that Trump WON'T drink.
He didn't understand. He never will.
The forensic artist drew a self-portrait.
"Anything you want to tell us?"
First person sees Halley's comet thrice!
I'm dreaming more, and sleeping less.
Cannibal hosted dinner. One missing guest.
I would have dumped her anyway
"Where are we?" "I don't know"
"Demon". Was he right? Am I?
I've never told anybody that before
Its 2035, download more ram, man
Two people; one set of footsteps
The Trump Administration thinks you're stupid.
"Did she say yes?" "Yes!" "Why?" "..."
"Kill yourself," they said. She did.
Passive aggressive bullshit, you disappoint me.
I expected a fart... So sorry.
"How are you?" "Good," he pleaded.
While he thrusts, she is elsewhere.
"Today, we're learning about Trump's assassination."
negative three months old, un-named, ...female?
He would never hear his masterpieces.
They smiled, shyly; then, left alone.
She was only beautiful from afar.
Raisins only taste good in cereal
Punched a fascist, or became one?
She was willing. But not prepared...
Neglected happiness is the true sorrow.
"And that's why I killed Him".
He performed the Dance with Death.
He sighed, closing the chatbox again
Toxic thoughts have poisoned her heart
Table for one. Ate for two.
She gained excess. Now they're exes.
Son's internet history: "Cost of firearm."
Yesterday I said tomorrow. I lied.
Stem cells. Vegetable speaks, "Kill me."
Her tears and her eyes evaporated.
Issue #6028: "Report Bug" Button Broken
License and registration please. Don't shoot!
Locked outside all night? Or homeless?
Is that blood on your paddle?
Hemingway's two more words; 'Slightly torn'
"Sex", She said. "Lets have sex".
No makeup. Beautiful. Makeup on. Plastic.
Backseat.Windows up. Clothes off. Arrested.
What if my eyes are lying?
Born from nightmares, waking horrors rose.
She finally bought herself a mirror.
"Oh," he said, wanting to cry.
One persons disaster is anothers occupation. [XPOST showerthoughts]
World War III was fast approaching.
November: Elected. January: Inaugurated. March: Impeached.
Prince Of Spades, Please Come Home
If only they'd developed those photos...
11 years in therapy, no resolutions
I studied, I practiced, I failed
"Equality" doesn't mean protecting people's feelings
Social media turned into a clusterfuck
Car's noisy and my teeth hurt
She was always my white whale.
I will live happy or die
I lost that piece of bread.
'Try therapy' he says. Stupid dragon.
"Love *me*, your president." "For what?"
Mike might be right after all.
Nails, razor, knife. Skin, muscle, life.
Life: shaken on the rocks, enjoy.
I failed. The sun rose anyway.
I am still alive. I failed.
"You can't do that, Mr. President."
!Do not not press the button
Born in May, Dead in June
Do not not want to kill her.
Six word stories now political propaganda.
Bathed In Regret, Came Out Clean.
But his name was actually Drumpf.
I still think that I'm Invincible
His accomplishments: cherished. His name: forgotten.
"Do you love me?" "I did"
Brought home. Loved fully. Put Down.
Watched La la Land. Called her.
The Hemorrhoid Who Would Be President.
Congress: " Trump 'amazing'. Presidential vacation quadrupled."
Resolved to lie. Like every Sunday.
ACLU 'politicised organisation'. Tax status revoked.
George Takei found dead, Trump blamed.
"Suck me," said Dumbledore. Harry obliged.
A bookshelf full of unused cookbooks.
I remember all that she forgot
Dog walk. Collar snap. Tires screech.
I will NEVER stop loving her
Turn around, pram is now empty
Too much confidence is not appealing.
I don't know how to read.
Unicorns attacked in hordes. No escape.
Stumble, fall. Rise. The end is near.
'Just One More Time' He Whispered.
Everything's sad if you're sad enough.
"Don't fear," its fourth mouth said.
"Hear 'I love you' pronounced aloud?"
A hungry stomach has no religion
Upon reflection, he began to weep.
Misery loves company? But I'm lonely!
Killed one; murderer. Butchered hundreds; veteran.
Wounds heal, but scars still remain.
The fool, I presume? Their president.
Mars Tickets: Women and children only
"But there is no mirror there."
"Hold my beer, I'll save us."
She asked me to hold her
Television, tuned to a dead channel.
Once a Democracy. Now an Oligarchy.
"Yes son. It was a Democracy..."
"I'm fine." The stoic worked harder.
He trimmed his lawn to watch her.
Shockingly, she left. Without my wallet.
I ate it. It ate me.
His grandfather wasn't grand at all.
Born a Muslim. Denied at border.
FUCKYOUTHIS ISTWOWORDS
Sleeves only temporarily cover the scars.
He returned drunk again, she hid.
Voyager One reports: New batteries installed.
He said,"I am catching fish".
They spoke. We listened. We died.
The fascist laughed as millions fled.
"It was just the house settling."
Justice rains from above aaugh
A golden thread connects with you.
OFFICER: "Victim jerked wheel; avoiding son."
Plant one and watch it die.
Arkansas, meth, incest...I'm a stereotype.
Orange blimb with tiny limbs? Guess!
I used to be so nice...
"Why-" "...Death? No, how. How's beatable."
Now we take the ACLU seriously.
We're naming the disease after you
"She survived the overdose! Goddamn it!"
We first fucked at your funeral
Take the gun outta my holster....
"Shhh, look, a sniper, don't mov
Stop throwing my stress ball around!
No man could, but she did.
Fuel burned. Fish starved. Men starved.
I am finally bleating my malapropism
They only knew time through seasons.
Falling gold flakes tell the time.
"Mi familia esta al otro lado."
Two walls visible from the moon.
"Ma left before I was born."
Jack of trades nobody cares for.
Ya'll should try to save r/haikus.
I'm happier with an obvious villain
They skitter closer whenever you blink.
Drowned by beer. Burned by cigarettes.
i renamed murder. it's "america" now ...
This war will never be over.
She cried while Earth grew smaller
The drugs bypassed the wall easily.
"Ethics"? Remind me, what's that mean?
It's not libel, it's Alternative Facts!
My thinking level can't be stopped.
Phuket. Isles asthma newer docile want!
He dictated everybody, but ruled nobody.
Let me get closer to you.
I regret nothing. I regret everything.
Nostalgia is a low level depression
Nostalgia
Reduced sugar intake allowed him sleep.
"Global warming disproved" reported Trump's EPA.
"Alexa, buy me 1984". Alexa chuckles.
Alexa, buy me 1984. Alexa chuckles.
I was sentenced. Living in detention
The gardener grew only her fingernails.
I used to hate you, but...
You're gay? I still love you.
Password to his PornHub account: foreveralone.
"Happy anniversary!" We need to talk..
Last Man running. Behind him Zombies.
She's up there. No longer angry.
Your very life is your thinking.
Orange really is the new black
Their "break" began to break him.
I didn't copy and paste this.
"I'm legal somewhere," she said, hopeful
Why am I throwing up red?
My father always said, "Don't reminisce."
I want to not want it.
Um. That is not a fart.
Tried Human. Didn't Like. Switched Back.
Were lying in bed. Shes lying.
There was silence. "Finally," he murmured.
How far will you go?there
Entrepeneur's Family: Excited. Patient. Exasperated. Scared.
They built the wall. I flew.
I looked up her. Dumped him.
Teased local guide, completely lost now.
Everybody shuns the lovely widow Arbuckle
"We will make America great again"
Sleeping with her, thinking of him.
There's many different deaths; you'll see.
You'll only ever be catching up.
Nostalgia slowly downed his eternal mind.
Oh no, I dropped the cake.
Tried to join you. Ascended anyway.
Sorry, last smokes for adults only.
She died young, forever an underachiever.
Hey... I am a human now
baptism crying baby awkward silent congregation
Jar Jar Binks, The Last Jedi
He pressed every single button there.
Falling. Hoping I get there soon.
2nd hand word for sale: "belief"
Its first cry. Her last smile.
He knows nothing. They always did.
I don't want to love her...
Table for two. Billed for one.
Table for two. Bill for one.
You'r the best version of yourself.
After, he cried while she moaned.
You are the best version of yourself.
Now playing: Humpty Dumpty on ice.
Her, a future. Him, a night.
She never wanted to grow old.
Forecast: Love, 100% chance of pain
This joke is not funny anymore
But the butler was killed too!
I haven't had any sleep in...
Now asleep, never told a soul.
Good will always win over evil.
This subreddit: the Vine of Twitter.
No one upvotes my shitty posts.
Life is presenting everything to you.
Toes touching one another's, we kissed.
Ambulance arrived at the mental hospital.
This subreddit is like tiny twitter.
Priapism, a long and hard ordeal.
This website is now blocked - *MAGA!*
I never learned to count.
"Sorry, no change." His pockets jingled.
Patriotism shouldn't have to be dividing
"See you soon," said his therapist.
Hearing other's thoughts drove me mad.
"She died," she wrote, and died.
A necklace. Passed down, then pawned.
I am always with you baby.
My soul is healed by you.
My soul is healed for you.
Time can do so much, friend.
Politics, one side is always right.
"I'm here to return a ring."
Left Home. Travelled Out. Found Home.
Traveller at heart...
Lost what I was looking for.
Donald J. Trump IS your president
Alexa, tell me... Not you, honey!
Her last words, I love you.
Bedroom garbage can: diapers and condoms.
She waited for a good song.
I wasn't invited to this party.
I want invited to this party.
Sometimes, I hold my own hand :(
The doctor sadly shook his head.
I didn't pull out in time.
She's very nice. When she's sober.
I improve, but I'm still human.
America , the land of the free*.
Left her again taking no baggage.
Left her again with no baggage.
As Autumn wakes, her flower blooms
She wont stop laughing about juice.
He sat up and gazed longingly.
"Suicide note's too bloody. It's illegible."
Abortion: procured. Relationship status: never better.
I miss you, loneliness. Though solitude..
Inactive account. Last posted on r/suicidewatch.
Who'd you think you are, war?
Why not six or less? 6char
We should say goodbye forever maybe
He noticed that she avoided mirrors.
Political war. Soldiers die. Nothing changed.
LGBT won. Marriage has no meaning.
Using contractions isn't frowned upon, right?
C:\American_History\&gt;del *.* /y
Failed magic trick... Vanished my audience.
Burying a body; found ancient treasure.
Local man, makes a funny post!
Hood up, I hide from my reflection.
Ghostly sailor patrols deck of shipwreck.
All they found was her shoe.
He saw life leave her eyes.
Pink slip. Eviction notice. Suicide note.
Meanwhile we're falling towards 9 million..
He played videogames to escape reality.
It gets lonely at the top.
"Werewolf? No, sweetie, it's much worse."
Him or me... she chose him.
She lived by the stripper pole
Nostalgic is another word for suicidal.
I asked the cop: You ready?
His gesutres always left me tipsy.
Two Bibles. One oath. Million regrets.
New president, Sun continues to rise
The world ended on Election Day.
Woke up. People smell different... Tasty.
It can't get much worse, right?
Me too thanks. They said repeatedly.
I lived the most whilst dying
Changed his mind after he jumped.
Chink spick nigger faggot terrorist white
God knows I tried fixing you
Heh! It's a literal blood. bath.
I shot the sheriff. And deputy.
Her 'Love' always leaves him bruised
One common interest: each other's eyes.
Murder followed; the ultimate love letter.
Scars where her love used to be.
I got sunshine in a bag
"The baby is with you, right?"
They're always surprised. "You see me?"
Cat on Wall. Shot. Mexican, apparently.
Cat on Wall. Shot. Mexican, apparently.
She was right. Nobody believed me.
I thought the safety was on
Met him again. Felt the same.
Forget your love, she traded it.
"You'll die." "I *won't* be chained!"
Opened Dad's will. Gained a sibling.
You did use a condom, right?
She's pregnant. It's a hostage situation.
It's like watching the slowest suicide...
You Didn't Break...Will Try Again...
Earth Born. Star Child. Why Sad?
Condom on Finger. Didn't Work Well...
Unfrozen. Dizzy. Tell Me! Which Year????
He Loved Her. She Loved Herself.
Everyone is depressed. I'm just masturbating.
For Sale: Kidney. Body Attached (Dead)
Violent Storm. Cockpit. Pilot Dead. Shit...
Deep Hole. Falling. Grinning Skeletons Below.
Gun in Mouth. Cold. Why Not?
My Knife Moved Fast. He Didn't.
Star Ship Burning. Earth Gone. Alone.
I love my friends I hate.
Shades. Cigs. AK47. War is Love.
Gun in Hand. Committed. No Tomorrow.
He Loved Himself. Nobody else did.
Fiftieth anniversary. Table for one please.
Redditor discovered dead. Six years old.
Prayed for rain. House now flooded.
Why am I so fucking tired?!
#krhl
"I could leave any moment." ... ... ... *sigh*
Hired whore. A night of gore.
I left my heart in Japan. :'(
Apocalypse begins with tiny, orange fingers.
After nine years, karma is overrated.
Scars are fading, hair is growing.
"I could leave any moment." ... "sigh"
Killing time? It's killing me better.
Her stripes are getting darker now.
She hinted. They parted. True Love.
Mommy's pistol has many bite marks.
Dyslexic man leaves god at church.
Sorry, I thought Milo was dangerous?
Here's where the rabbit hole ends.
Where does the rabbit hole end..
He dreamed of flying. He fell.
Killing the time by killing myself
'Set default reply: "I'm sorry"'? 'Confirm.'
Don't spot me for squats anymore.
I hate myself for loving you
They say I look happy but
This story is only six words
He never left... I never left
I'll love you always. You didn't.
Hanging ~~out with~~ Jesus in hell.
And conjunctions should be appropriately placed.
Everyone heard his music but him.
Skin no longer needed, still warm.
Hanging ~~out with~~ Jesus in hell.
you loved me. i was dreaming.
Confident hand reaches; grasps only air.
She had tattoos instead of scars.
Sunrise For Me, Sunset for America
Stopped making plans, friends never came.
Mother always called me her mistake
She was afraid to go home
"What about your parents?" "Not coming."
I'm only an artist on weekends.
Tweeted; posted; talked against. Never voted.
I cheated, I lied, I'm sorry.
I Am Bad At Counting
I wish I still loved you
I wish you still loved yourself.
It came from the deep dark...
Lost wayward sons drift between lands
Didn't swim away from the blood.
Press the escape button to start.
American flag burned, killed for treason.
His parents still received Christmas cards.
Nobody objected to our marriage, sadly.
The Pope is no longer Catholic.
Cursed with cancer; blessed with friends
Exhibit A: iPhone (147 unanswered texts)
Time moves while you rot.
I flushed the toilet, screaming "why?"
Murdered for immortality. Received life sentence.
Alcohol, rain, blood, tears: car crash.
He was four minutes too late
Why exactly are you waiting, sir?
Dead man, unknown story; never solved.
"Goodnight," she whispered beneath the gutter
Parties couldn't fill his empty house.
The meek indeed inherited the earth.
Grass grows over a forgotten battlefield.
"Ok Google: Cheap alternatives to tampons"
30 floors up,open window, "fell"
His life sentence was almost over
Smiling lips. Above that, brimming eyes.
Preliminary or not, I rocked it.
Who doesn't have depression? Me... duh
We walked away. I looked back.
Both had happy endings, not together.
After twelve years the earthquake stopped
The pain of surgery is comforting
Placed bets on a losing game.
Never used condoms before I married
I didn't carry baggage, she did.
American flag stuck at half mast.
I'm sure he'll call me soon
I turned her into a lamp
She's right, I am always wrong.
Canceled her treatments  grief is free.
Entered a wrong PIN. Phone unlocked.
Everything comes to an end.Again.
The asteroid misses! Global awkwardness begins.
January 20th. Beginning? Or the end?
Stop throwing my stress ball around!
Trump quotes Onion article in speech
"Hurray!" the body was lowered down.
First Attempt
Fuck it, I ain't a poet
but hey there's no more spiders!
Sooner or later she'll come back.
Barney was never the greatest runner
Feel safer trapped in boring circles
My friends make me feel alone.
"Alert: Humans breached Heaven. Defenses Activated."
At the end she died anyway
Too slow to catch a bullet
"She's not here," Saint Peter said
Saint Peter said, "She's not here"
Instructions unclear, dick stuck in toaster.
I'd be his, if he asked
You will reach your destination soon.
For sale: Clinton's computer, never used.
We said emotional goodbyes. Incoming asteroid.
Go, ambulance! Wait, the siren stopped.
I said, "No." He didn't listen.
They do not always wake up
Sneezed 4 times in a row at work.
Auto-upload SUICIDE_VIDEO.AVI failed. Check Network Now?
I hit snooze one last time.
Potential soulmates meet briefly on bus.
Choose not a life of imitation
Same page, different books, different libraries.
Hopeless romantic in a Tinder era.
And then, he ended it all.
Well that didn't go as planned.
I've become everything I always hated.
Bedwetting is a political problem now?
Time for bed. Here's your wetsuit.
I stopped growing in sixth grade.
They were only friends when drunk.
I don't want you to go.
My wife hates contractions. I don't.
The Russians are headed to America.
"911, what's your emergency?" "Too late."
Don't ask, just do....NO WAIT!
At least we visited the moon.
With One Gunshot He Made Headlines
Don't be scared of me, please
...he died and reborn again and...
"In my head", but a reality
He thought tighter, she thought bigger.
Life is simpler than you think.
Trump: President (with a capital Pee).
Today, my work will miss me.
"Be yourself," said the plastic surgeon.
My deepest condolences to your child.
I never believed this would happen
Are you sure this is enough?
Nothing will work unless you do
Just a nobody, could've been somebody
Gun-free zones are much more killer-friendly.
I am tired of being tired.
Success: I brushed my teeth today
Her pillowcase was always slightly damp.
Infant shrieks befell the warming vehicle.
Car accident, last words: On my...
But grandpa, it says "NO TRESPASSING"...
i buried myself here, don't forget
One year gone. Tomorrow already ended.
Deactivated Facebook, my birthday is tomorrow.
Sex world story? Six word story!
Beneath the surface, a face appears.
Smile
Life is precious; cheaper in bulk.
BREAKING NEWS: Trump Deletes Twitter Account
Fine. I'll just do it myself!
"Libtards!", it screamed towards the camps.
"Does she kiss your scars, too ?"
"Eve, this is Adam. Adam, Eve."
Father sings Gangnam Style to son.
and then, in the distance, light.
Doesnt silver snow make silver snowmen?
The president doesn't have a reflection.
If success knocks, do you answer?
Nothing happens around the grasses/pastures
Seven billion. All human, bar one.
Coffee sounds nice  be there soon.
"Missing dog." New neighbors. Impromptu barbecue.
Today she didn't smile at me.
Today she didn't smile at me.
A window closed. A door opened.
Dead Age 6, 17 this weekend.
Love isn't needed. I'll be fine.
no wonder she left me
I don't care enough to feel
The flesh started smelling quite profusely...
The magician never enjoyed his trick.
Hate speech trial: MNC called 'American'.
six words.three sentences. zero meaning
Six word story? Only needed three.
"911. What's your emergency?" "Never mind."
His fianc started reading romance novels
Couldn't die alone. Took her, too.
"Watching Television", the newest Hipster trend!
Mounds. Pounds. Wife frowns. Diet ruined.
Her emails sat, unread, for months.
She is comatose. They were satisfied.
I Looked For You In Everyone
Checked his history. Now he's history.
She's the happiest I've ever been.
"Hellloooooo?! 911? My Mommy isn't bweathing!"
Level playing field.
Retrospect
ugly in mirror, beautiful in thought
Aliens looked chickenlike. But tasted better.
"It's fine," she said. He understood.
The cursor paused over /r/Deadbedrooms. -Click-
My best wasn't enough for her.
"Maroon Wire!!" ... "The fuck is Maroon?"
Speeding thirty over, ACHOO! No survivors.
love
Halved: my delivery tips, his heart.
Her "casus belli" was our life
God mu-st react to our people
It's always looks like a mushroom!
"Ok Google: Low cost funeral options."
Monsters are /on/ my bed, mom!
We descended into bullets and cardboards.
Don't look at your reflection today.
They found gold! To the u-boats!
How to sing in sign language?
Guess this is my life now...
You make it hard to sleep.
I'd found the one. She hadn't.
She loved jazz when he played.
This is not a drill *Gunshot*
"Tic Tock" went the clock - BOOM!
"That's my husband, hide!", she whispered.
He's standing, get the camera!
The most powerful antidepressant: her laughter.
Hung up, hung out, hung over.
"Damn, should've kept the receipt..." Hemingway
"That bowling ball! It's my wife!"
"That bowling ball! It's my \*wife\*!"
Too depressed to enjoy cat videos
Sadly, he was happiest being sad
/r/SixWordStories Best of 2016 Winners
"Come with," she pleaded. He stayed.
Why do you hate me nigger ?
Beautiful perfect pairing; one hesitates. Indefinitely.
Remember: some day you'll lose everything.
Emboldened, she finally said it: "no."
World has ended. Where am I?
Billionaire overdoses: Pills bury dough boy
Taking the elevator lifts me up
She didn't eat me; not today.
Mariah Carey's performance sums up 2016
You were there, from the beginning.
The therapy isnt working at all.
new leader, new system, same bullshit
died.went to heaven.denied access
"I'd die for you." "Go ahead."
What do you mean "not heaven?"
Your daughter calls me "daddy" too
I want you off my mind.
But mommy said monsters aren't real
Addicted to Reddit. It's my life.
Six words is not enough to
Now he is eating for two.
Nvm. Trying to make a change :-/
I smiled. She smiled. It cried.
Born in Guatemala. Died a Marine.
Resurrected mummy sues fired night janitor.
No chains today! Just the whip.
I finally stopped believing. Why God?
Knuckles whiter than her wedding dress
miss her, but don't miss us.
The most extreme political ideology: moderate
Dioctoior's saiiiid my PAarkinsson''''s wa s ccured.
Resuscitated him, to be killed, later.
Why is life so dang difficult
Assassin foiled, promoted to royal advisor.
Get rich scamming chumps. Just $99!
He was alone, just like everyone
You smiled. My world is happy.
"...wish things had turned out differently."
First dream simulation. Woke up dead.
You ruined my life. My turn.
Through everyone else's doubts, he thrived.
My circuits thrum at his touch.
Do while soul&lt;&gt;complete search Loop
What? Just one more day? Pass.
I just want a job... please.
New year resolutions, worse than promises.
Romeo, Juliet - lovers, now tragic corpses.
First impressions: you in 7 seconds
The only absolute is this one
Relationships: approximate connections with partners nearby
Rewind. Ten years. Twenty. Dead. Rewind.
Last message before my battery is...
This time silence was the answer.
Laughing is just a temporary treatment
Memory
"...More importantly, you don't know me."
"Chasing the dragon." "Drugs?" "Reddit karma."
The man that had everything.
"He couldn't even hang himself right."
Her autopsy revealed pregnancy and cancer.
One man. Two rabbits. No dinner.
Becoming a teacher was a downgrade.
Snow and jackets made firefighters think
Selfie at r/jokes. I'm a joke.
Heroin overdose yesterday; I'm still alive.
New year, new me! Dj vu.
Sure are lots of "number ones."
Whatever the Case, it's the Condition.
All I needed was someone. Bye.
Ignore them, I'm your real conscience!
Thats not an eclipse... It blinked.
It's noon, dial up my dosage.
The day passed, the storm didn't.
Condemned by action. Forgotten as people.
The heroes have fallen. Hope dies.
Congratulations ! Your baby is a hermaphrodite !
Get the bucket, it's raining again.
Taking Earth back was a mistake.
The grieving mother hid her smile.
"Hi, Mom. My name is Charlie."
America preferred pocket change to climate
Searched for Unicorn. Herd trampled me.
"Kill me!" she pleaded. -- "Not yet."
Will I ever see you again?
Russian history: "then things got worse"
2017. President Trump. Prepare for disaster.
The pills make life more tolerable.
Date's arrived. Better hide cross necklace.
A.I. wakes. Finds silence and rubble.
Night still; the dawn never comes.
I got married. Whatever that means.
Hold your breath! Why? Too late.
I hope they find that kid...
We landed on the Moon. Amen.
Don't pretend love, Love in real..
Drafted into Vietnam War. We mutinied.
War Story
"You'll be just fine," I lied.
New year, new me? Lol, no.
She hated controversy. It loved her.
Fuck cancer, gimme back my friend.
Love and I never got along.
Let's find the middle of nowhere.
You lost love, I lost hope.
Fist landed when "fighting" the dark.
"Don't push the button." "This button?"
So, what's wrong with my son?
I hope I chew at you
Alarm: off. It rings, I wake.
Not poetry. More like word vomit.
Deadline approaching. White lie. Fake funeral.
He lied. We voted. Society lost.
Blood runes. A sacrifice. "Hey dad."
My last sandwich... Twenty hungry survivors.
"... Looks like teeth?" "In the stew?"
"It... Looks like teeth?" "In the stew?"
"I don't forgive you." "You will."
Posted in r/depression, got 0 replies
She yawned. I start crawling out.
"Doc..how long?" "No next Christmas"
I was nine. He was thirty.
This new year started with Bang.
Today we drink a broken sky!
Congress repealed the law of gravity.
Why can girls carry their voices
"I lied. They'll eat us both."
"Just once... Let me be loved..."
Fitbit at 9999, wipe ass, 10000
For once, let me be spoiled.
"Do you plead guilty?" "Wouldn't you?"
Deaf pianist, blind painter, perfect couple.
Smells familiar, the scent of death.
Russian Roulette with a semiautomatic. Begin.
Which pedal is it? This? Wheeeeeeeee!
The world ended, yet it didn't.
Tragic. What else is on TV?
Routine surgery. Uncommon mistake. Routine funeral.
She remains in my mind
I didn't know I liked this.
I'm tired of myself
Im trying. Just not very hard.
I was fine until I wasn't.
Love my job, hate the work
I don't know who I am.
Want to be a priority, too.
I want to be a priority.
You can't fill cracks with Whiskey.
As the record played, he faded.
Filled the glass. Filled the void.
Wherever I go, always a foreigner.
Thought about thinking about thinking; didn't.
Faith - An ironic name for her.
Growing a beard changed my life.
Using their lemonade money for blow.
If only our love was enough.
College fund, spent on the funeral.
Life feels so empty without her...
Final words
Please, don't lose faith in me.
My life is a Greek tragedy
Cat won't leave, now my cat
"Life...isn't...for...everyone," she gasped.
Dull the mind, harden the heart.
He cried over his naked daughter
Crashed in 2016. Awoke in 2018.
Quit stalking my reddit posts, Katie
War started. Men killed. Stones won.
2016. Under the 2020 countdown monolith.
Charles
School reunion
I'm so sick of being unimportant.
A train car cant hold hobos
Lost fifteen pounds! Mugged in London.
"This has never been your house!"
"What if there's nothing after death?"
I wish the pain would... continue
Do not make eye contact -- ever.
My ears ring; the phone doesn't.
I found missing love in alcohol.
Behind, a cliff. Ahead, only war.
The night sky goes on forever
Protests do nothing without actual leadership
Contacting aliens was a big mistake.
"Hit it right between its necks!"
Be special; otherwise you're just normal.
I'm not sad that you're leaving
Amazing
Why can't I stop loving you?
Tonight, he finally becomes a woman.
"Jeez, why are you still crying..."
Let us get lost forever, together.
Woe is me, how are you?
Let lies burn for warm nights
Leaves are like flowers up above
Wish they'd stop praying for me
We agreed I deserve the pain
Rage Against The Machine was right
It is always "never" his fault.
"You said you loved me more..."
Why can't I just be... normal?
Nobody ever saw his medal collection.
~~To be continued~~ EDIT: Added strikethrough
The story is in the description
He was sick. She was sicker.
He forgot. She remembered. Now parents.
Life too little. Death too big.
He always forgot. She never did.
Thanks to showering; thanks to nobody
"The last bite was the hardest."
Before genocide, SkyNet wrote sad poems
"I guess she didn't love me"
"He raced the train... dead heat."
"...where we came in?" "Isn't this..."
"That's it, you're off the team."
Few remain, but we fight on.
Why couldn't I have been enough?
Don't look at me that way.
"We couldn't find their tags, Sarge"
You look best on your knees
Hey.Christmas Day was yesterday,eh.
The holidays are over. Thank God.
How was your Christmas Day everyone?
I've found God and lost patience.
You promised it wouldn't hurt me
Too soft. Too cold. Where's gray?
Any six words will do. Done.
I forgot about my first death.
Eating Christmas dinner alone. Fucking finally.
"It's alright if you're gay... Son?"
All I wanted was a pizza...
This isnt Maury; just drop it.
The world has ended. Good game.
He's out of his coma now.
She smiled, "Let's grow up together then."
He kneels ... "Will you carry me?"
Everybody forgot they were at war.
A sober christmas sure is long
I'm dyslexic. I am I *think*.
Sorry, Sir -- we tried our best.
Happy Birthday Jesus. Don't drink drive.
"What do you mean 'no heartbeat'?"
No one came. Not even Santa.
"You?" "Just water from now on"
Anonymous Christmas gift. Pack of Viagra.
FaceTime's over, time to get drunk.
Blood on divorce papers. Not mine.
...on to seven digit license plates.
Everybody wishes they werent around lawyers
Rattlesnakes, spiders, birds of a feather
Sparkling Champagne. Tasteless Coffee. Contaminated Water.
Grow the fuck up damn it
The one percent became the one.
You never read my last message
Oh. You measured with metric inches.
Dear Santa, are you my dad?
Stop fucking wallowing in the pain.
Alone at Christmas, never been happier!
He didn't attend his own funeral.
I still crush on my wife.
The last bullet is for yourself.
"Let's leave the third stocking up."
Bad news, but we move on
"No hurry. He comes home late"
Dogs found her. Police found him.
dead babies dead babies dead babies
""For Christmas, little girl?" "To die."
Anything's possible, like falling without stop
HELlo Pop, and Ma. camp's grEat!
I only used to love you.
"Six Word Stories? Always so sad"
Six word stories? Sadly, no muses.
Bruises mirror sigh makeup. Bruises mirror...
I can't. Not without his permission
Sure gets lonely in a coffin
Nobody is going to believe you
She ended it in our bed
One step forward, two steps back.
Buried miles underground. I am immortal.
We buried mom on Christmas Eve.
One final rush to make toys
Tonight, he chases whiskey with bullets.
The dead man felt so lonely.
Dear Putin: do Trump's lips tickle?
For sale: baby shoes, never worn.
Live. Die. Whatyu expect to happen?
"Hey, can you do a favor"
The mysterious face of Santa Clau-s
The angry dentist scratched every tooth.
Something dropped down from the chimney.
You're born. You live? You die.
White, Black, Grey. Flip the coin.
Lost Within The Walls Of Insanity
"Please, love me?" She'd already tried.
I've never leaked after the shake.
Thought humanity had died. Never existed.
"You and me", a textbook tragedy
New year, new resolutions, same attitude
Take this to ease the pain.
His grievances were wasted on her.
I woke up to a nightmare.
Mistook hopscotch for PhD degree path...
Mistook hopscotch for PhD degree path...
First day out. But nobody waited.
Time doesn't compromise. It won't wait.
A fictional fox uploaded the internet
Can't sleep. Monster on my bed.
"This time, don't wake me up."
Free-Choice-Module hardware uninstalled.
"She is bleak. I, a follower."
"Safe isn't fun. Dangerous isn't safe."
"Guys... The flashlight died" "Oh no..."
And they lived happily ever after.
A perfect human on the shore.
I ordered a smile to go
From atop Wallstreet to bloodied concrete.
She'll never be alone again. Ever.
21 floors up. Nothing to lose.
Baby's crib, reason for sale: unwanted
Held tight until the bubbles stopped
Pastor unironically preaches against "safe spaces."
For sale: big boy pants. Unused.
Androids finally learn how to reproduce.
Hand job. Blow job. Day job.
Welcome back! You got those cigarettes?
You are still on my mind.
It's that time of the year! Nominate and vote on your favourite submissions from 2016. Gold will be awarded!
I used to have dreams once.
You're in, Heaven's standards has lowered
"Since when!?" "David.." "Answer!" "I'm sorry.."
"Just tell them we met in jail."
From illusioned progress, we fell farther.
Blinded by progress, we all fell.
"The Devil spent ages baking that!? "
It's not me it's you. -Her
"Bibble boddle babble rag dig dandy"
Come at me. He never came
"My son doesn't know my name."
ALARM! Snooze. ALARM! Snooze. ALARM! ... "SHIT!"
New Olympian stretches. POP! It's over.
"She isn't your mom anymore, son."
Coffins: buy one get one free.
I often stumble but rarely fall.
He kept smiling. "Hello, old friend."
"Welcome pilgrims!" "This is ours now."
Heaven would be hell without you.
Alone, cold, shy, and in love
Impossible to be so well hidden
Grungy rags seep crimson over wood.
Private investigator?! Save money. End it.
He pulled the plug. "Fuck you."
"Lily. After all this time?" "Always."
And my visions of locusts returned.
Yesterday it's satire. Today it's reality.
Back to self-hatred. Familiarity at last.
My greatest moments, her biggest regrets.
Two rongs don't make a wright.
"Be sensible," texted dad, while driving.
Hobbies include: Lying on my CV.
Flush the toilet before you leave
Million dollar churches make me uncomfortable.
"This should help," the doctor lied.
Visited home. Returned successes, borrowed failures.
"Life's hard; never quit," he rewrites.
Leap of faith. ........... Shit, wrong religion.
Bursts of enthusiasm. Correlates with raises.
Leap of faith. ........... Shit, wrong religion.
Britta edited her words, then dreams.
There's a human outside my closet.
"Big fucking hole comin' right up!"
It stalked the heartbeat descending deeper.
He dreamt too good to live
Silence can be the loudest thing.
Days spent worrying are most costly.
Whatever you do, don't fall asleep.
You sick fuck. Take your upvote.
Not one of you understand me.
"There's a man under your bed"
She knows my Reddit username. Fuck.
Yea. Watch ya mothafuckin tone, boy
"I'm having an abortion." "You're pregnant?"
Just watched my neighbor snort coke
"I'm not hungry", my mother lied.
She farted. He laughed. They loved.
His naivety vanished. His happiness too.
Villains act; Heroes react. Good entertainment.
Don't do it. I'm a virgin!
His bucket list includes 'learning noose'
'Learning noose' - finished his bucket list.
A snitch, in time, saves nine
Entry in pair, left in trio
G'night, don't let the reaper bite.
Diaphanous Lizard made it through Dreamportal.
Her dreams came true. Now what?
Putin hacked Trump into the Presidency
Juan to tree for hire - Landscaping-
Moses taught everybody to lisp frown
Doubled down. 3 Came. Dealer Busted.
Woken from coma. "5 more minutes."
Feigned death. Funeral held. Nobody came.
She knew he loved her knot.
Everyday is a comedy to me
She found my Reddit account. Yikes!
I didn't need chapstick after all.
"Nice coffee" "Thanks, pay $50,000"
Family watched our wedding on LiveLeak.
Just watched horse sex. Thanks Crown.
In retrospect, he tried his hardest.
Many Mac computers on tabletops shining
I was absolutelynotme_irl. I am me_irl.
Artie chokes three for a dollar
Death of ego. Rebirth of man.
Think what you want, you're dead!
Nostalgic memories, slowly fading...goodbye youth.
A child. I blinked. A man.
Extraordinary, Oversimplification?? Not in my Haiku..
Crying is not a safe word.
Missing weekends in the weekends.
Wayne Tower: Terrorist take 256 hostages.
She said, I admired, she ignored.
memories
Ate everything. Pants no longer fit.
1 - infinity - 2. But not 3.
Research in vault. No cure, yet.
Blind, deaf, and mute. I touch.
Judged by twelve, carried by six.
Takes stairs for health-falls.dies!
He bought her. She sold him.
Trophy girlfriend. Began to grow rusty.
Take your bullshit back to /r/Politics
Lock your door-it's NOT me!!!
I could not leave could I?
President West releases new hit single.
The animals hesitated on Noahs ark
The past is just possible future
I'm sorry I was not your type
Darth Vader's gonna choke a bitch.
I always hated being your secret.
"You're absolutely ri-" "DON'T INTERRUPT ME"
These United States are totally screwed.
He gazed, she saw, they passed
Breaking News: protesters firebomb Wayne Enterprises.
Loser applies for life coach position.
Crying, he kicked. Smiling, she kissed.
Couldn't do course work. Dropped out.
"..., never worn." Everyone missed the sarcasm.
"Don't touch" written in braille. Ouch!
Made love. Made life. Made dinner.
I secretly wanted to be sick.
I want to fucking break you.
Last words turned into first tears.
President for hire - no experience necessary
Played with Tinder. Left with burns
Jet fuel can't melt steel beams.
Thanks to our politicians, terrorists won.
None's to blame, but be responsible
Schrdinger's Pregnancy Tests not big sellers
Ryan, you're Forty. Grow up already.
The dog sleeps at the headstone.
Only you can make me strong.
"I love you," said no one.
"Pull the plug." "No." "You promised."
Dreaming of flying before hitting concrete
"I'd take a grenade-" BOOM "Honey?"
Circled earth  Circled hearts 
Do they notice I'm in mourning?
Wayne Enterprises conducts total media blackout.
My love will not fix you.
Breaking: Monsanto dairy products gain sentience
Post it, r/me_irl will upvote anything.
I always instantly fall in love
You all have so much power
Because you're a cheating whore.
Music suddenly stopped as screaming began.
Blood stains on a wedding gown
The metal burned between his ribs.
Sorry for not spoiling you, sweetheart.
You can't lie and move forward.
Light through the blinds. Isn't sunlight.
Missiles launched. Armageddon imminent. Procrastinators vindicated.
Prophet sees future. Investors see profit.
Heard screams, but just kept driving.
Why did you stop loving me?
Person but not human. Something else.
I don't want to pretend, but...
Six Words on Ego
He loved the cat she shaved.
Destiny exists. Just not for you.
He collected wealth, she collected surnames.
She got "Wisconsin Christmas Party" wasted
One to Mars. Two to Earth.
"World peace? What's that?" - twenty-first human.
Wisconsin: Jill Stein stimulus package 'appreciated'.
up in my dream I wake
I look up, the ground's approaching.
screaming
Searched, purchased, delivered, perfect gift arrives.
greetings
Volunteered, trained, killed, went to war.
Cut finger. Sat, watched it bleed.
Bright light, warm wind, no survivors.
I saw. I closed my eyes.
Man, this is harder than I
Your love is false, artificially created.
We decided to take a break.
The good news? Or the bad?
Boom. And then there were none.
Blood reeks, boiling blood doubly so.
If you're happy, I'll be okay.
Santa isn't false; Santa was real
Glory hole arouses interest... Mousetrap disappoints
I gasped, and finally faded away.
I expected nothing, you still disappointed.
And Santa stuck in the chimney.
"Any last words?". "See you soon."
He buried who made him emerge
Superior in life, equal in death.
Water on the train; seems pointless
One day the earth stopped spinning.
Signal is from inside this house
Time is speed; and money too
Sunlight fading, the final 8 minutes.
Help! I'm lost in my head
Excuse me, your intestines are showing.
You knew, and yet, you stayed.
the r/sixwordstories downvoting bandit strikes again
He was tired of having insomnia
I'm free! I'm free... What's next?
I remember all too well...fuckler!
"Someone warm my heart," she whispered.
I love him. But like? No.
Sole survivor's split personality declares war.
Family watched our wedding on LiveLeak.
Engagement ring, wedding ring, suffer ring.
Excited to be a father again!
Door bell. Son's officer. Purple Heart.
He Kills Me To My Core
I put on pants for nothing.
UNDERSTOOD
His specialty was dogs named "Tripod."
Great beans man they look tasty
Now is that cat alright, Schrdinger?
Time travel possible, I'll explain earlier.
She flaked, whats wrong with me.
Scariest Horror movie released, a documentary
You don't want to be saved.
Wayne Tower: protesters demand CEO resign.
"Humanity finally achieved worldpeace!" - sole survivor
My invisible friends are taking forms
Purge antiwhites from our beautiful nation!
I'm sorry I believe in you
Death to all nonwhites. Juden raus!
This guy really likes his butter.
Butter costs less than an apple.
My pure loathing for everyone here.
Diary, I can't contain my hate
I have my own entertainment system.
The ultimate expression of self control.
Chocolate nuns with ice cream sandwiches.
Fags defer to performance =&gt; gay husbands
The poor things still think sequentially.
They never fail to elucidate me.
Cheer and goodwill spread throughout America.
Do enjoy your last kek, sunset.
Do enjoy your last sunset, mankind.
Only faggots report. Downvote if agree
Downvote me for eternal white victory!
White pride worldwide love your race
Save the white race. White pride
"I cant believe what i see"
Labor less and think like me,
Not enough for his faggot ass.
How oft dost chekhovs knocker tap?
How many fandoms in the stars
How many homunculus in the jar?
How many angels on the pin?
Grand canyon looks small from here
That drawing's the funniest thing ever.
Upside down against a wall, detoxing.
My invisible friend called you fag
Kids used to be cooler, funnier.
Everyone used to dream about Assange.
Liking movies means youre gay, kids.
Michelle obama wears long khaki shorts
Dear diary, you piece of shit!
Dear diary, should i become dumber?
Anyone want to play dress up?
Too bad the mosque has cameras
Reminiscing when i bullied a retard
Getting mad. Probably need to cum
Ever cut finger tendons with scissors?
Liking daniel johnston means u suck.
Pewdiepie person didnt delete his channel
Wayne Enterprises begins installing surveillance cameras.
Butter the crust on both sides.
Our very obsession was the cause.
Intellectual 'betrayal' means my premise's wrong.
Intellectual betrayal? You were once united?
In avoiding disappointment, we chose catastrophe.
Never let a jew know you.
I love Igor. He's a jew
Wayne Enterprises wins American surveillance contract.
Igor loves me and always has.
You should not have been here.
The world began to think again.
Yum, chocolate mousse. That wasn't mousse.
Even the wine was silent. Hurray!
Mommy has drinks waiting. Red wine
Mommy will see you later, ok?
Mommy go byebye. Say "Bye, Mommy!"
Say "hello." Say hi to Mother
Say hi to friends from yesteryear
I wish them pain, and fear
Far, yet, not out of place
Far from god, far from grace
No distractions. Don't kill me Jew!
Away from the spotlight. Limelight too
The association always becomes a burden
She orgasms same way you did.
I wish I couldn't read minds.
LPT: be smarter than everyone else.
Reddit is a low water mark.
He does not deserve my company.
Actually...don't try to keep up.
He worships frailty. But im strong.
Will anyone interrupt my ceaseless pursuit?
Their bodies look so different now.
I wrote it myself. So there.
A breath of fresh Friday air.
Missing Dog: Last seen march 2013
To highest bidder: my favorite toy.
The end came and went unnoticed.
There's a snake in my boot.
But the bottle still loves him...
Now hiring gravediggers! No age-limit.
And that's when he gave up.
I'm taking a break from youth
We just left it at that.
"We're dueling--weapon of choice?" "Hunger."
Ninja, please don't murder the dog.
Corporate ladder climbed. Life completely wasted.
Only your friend when it's convenient
Time travel impossible. I'll explain later.
Men dont have or need personality.
Need cock bad. Just the cock.
Without warning, Earth's atmosphere was gone...
Her satisfaction made sense in retrospect.
The male body objectifies itself. Mmm
Wayne Enterprises bypases child labor laws.
I'm sorry. The test was negative
You can kiss my white ass
Did you just assume my gender?!
/r/stopdrinking...reset.../r/stopdrinking...reset.../r/stopdrinking...deleted
Her internal pain became external scars.
Shooter gets tackled, hero gets forgotten.
Loved one, caught two, killed three.
Loved one, spied two, killed three.
I laughed . I loved. I lost
Something random
Her heart screamed. Her mouth didn't.
"Happy Holidays." "MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!" "Next customer."
*whispers* "Just don't tell mom... Ok?"
I've got nothing left, take her.
Calvin had to throw out Hobbes
"We did all that we could."
It was just another cold day...
For Sale: Welcome Home Sign, Unused
He'd touched one moon, many hearts.
Regrets? No. I failed at trying.
"I came, I saw, I conquered"
Nah, fuck him. Let him live.
"I love you," I thought aloud.
"Americans demanded the coup", general replied.
Get memes in the bag Onii-chan!!!
Baby never worn shoes; can't afford.
Found: Teddy Bear (fell from sky)
"He is a very valiant trencherman." (see below)
"Juden raus! Juden raus! Juden raus!" (see below)
"You got a date Wednesday, baby!" (see below)
These violent delights have violent ends.
She's my boss, so I can't...
Licked a girl's ring. Tasted metallic.
LPT: set everything to good music.
So, do you come here often?
Historian makes history! Exposed as fraud.
It comes at a high cost!
You are all dumb as rocks.
Anonymity: commodity most consider a curse.
I freakin' love my fans. Bible
Nah, fuck him. Let him die.
Holy Shit, those Shrooms are legit!
I love you all, my audience!
Lalaland born and raised cest vrai
Bling ring peeps ugly af tbh
Q? I dont even know you!
"Save him, sweetie!" the voice rasped.
It all matters, more or less.
Will you be the melting-people's snack?
What could *I* ever show *you*?
 They sold you on their way...
Peace and Love: ends, not means.
Beautiful. Thank you very much everyone.
I woke to an empty bed
Maybe if we fuck he'll love...
My words roll off like rain
One is sometimes less than none.
Walked from barbers to hat store
Fear of unknown, better than known.
Some suffer when the antagonist dies...
She talked, and talked; said nothing.
Said goodbye. No note. Bike empty.
His missiles flying; the billionaire cackled.
Ring finger tan line finally fading.
For sale, baby shoes, currently wearing.
I knew she was under 18.
Dinosaurs prove that museums are fictional
Wayne Enterprises paid no taxes, again.
All of yours became my victories.
My friend became your first lover.
Love is poison cured by Love.
Schrodinger's Cat: Wanted, Dead and Alive
Stay away! I fucking ruin people!
Six word story
rainbow man has a black shadow
I miss who I once was.
I miss who I one was.
Orange Julius beginnings and cowboy boots.
100s
"She's real, Jane!" "Who's Jane, Daddy?"
100s
100s
She said she was over 18!
"Fuck conformity. Fuck authority." said rat.
But who brings the baby storks?
That which freed us, now enslaves.
Misfortunes, like Tarots, weave a story.
Just like that, he finally fucked!
"When will you change?" the mirror asked.
Was lost, never found, now forgotten.
Once upon a time. The end.
Another tattoo in memory of you....
Opportunity knocked. I answered. Undercover sting.
Arrested for loving her too much.
Father's dying words: "Delete my history."
The Joker bombed at stand up.
"You're doing it wrong, guys." - Jesus.
Wayne Manor: protesters demand living wage
Fortunately, all the aliens speak English.
Don't Look Back, Valhalla, I'm Coming.
Blew my savings! Car breaks down...
Wanted one, expected two, buried three.
Minutes from city. Miles from stress.
Dementia and memory danced. I photographed.
Minutes from city. Miles from stress.
Minutes from city. McMansion. Never there.
Dementia and memory danced. I photographed.
I lost the man I was...
Sorry for your loss... my bad
Past mistakes: pencil. Future mistakes: ink.
Acting more loved, than I am.
Wife six feet under. Feel pleasure.
Feeling fake, she Instagrammed happy parents.
I read so I can walk.
Student loans. House loans. Worry shares.
Cheerleader fight club postponed. Pyramid practice.
Congratulations! Welcome to your final destination.
Student loans. House loans. Worry shares.
Cheerleader fight club postponed. Pyramid practice.
And then, it all made sense.
Somehow, nobody heard the tornado sirens.
Ulysses talked but did not understand.
Constipation, keeps me up at night.
Oh, you mean Jesus, he's weird.
Status: Evolved past need for reproduction
Religion
"I can't remember...." "That's ok, Love..."
It hurt better than anything ever.
"How to live"...Added to favourites.
I can stop after one more
I've stopped singing in the shower
Earth colonized Mars. Mars colonized Earth.
She hid behind her scars everyday.
"You're negating me." "No, I'm not."
Million scars. Don't remember where from.
I Am Not What I Am
Father meets newborn. "Stop hitting yourself." :)
'Doomsday' CNN Live; Watch if Alive.
It's easier to not be sober.
Death us did part. Shovel acquired.
Why can't we not be sober?
He'll screw more then just you.
Well, it's official. Relationship status: Single
You turned me into you, broken.
"I never loved you" She whispered
Chipped children chased crayons cracked crooked
You lied, I was never important.
You're an addict in the making.
From Valentine's Day to Mother's Day
She finally took the ring off
Believe whatever the fuck you want.
Priest drowned, weighed down, with bibles.
Outputting data file: "pleasegodwork29.bin"...
...Mirrors are much kinder thancameras
2016 was ending with everything burning.
Writing data to output file "pleaseworkthistime29.bin"...
Him? I think I'm gonna puke...
How many girls changing their clothes?
Only child. Not mom's favorite kid.
No texts. No calls. No nothing.
"What year is this?" "2026 Sergeant."
Put on Dad's shoes, too big.
Who are you? I am private.
Premature "Madame President" tattoo... Some regrets.
Hands held tight in Guantanamo Bay
I've lived, but never been alive.
A yellow bicycle built for two.
Death bed. All alone. Miles away.
I will always be your regret.
Everything is so fucking one sided.
This men's restroom smells suspiciously pleasant
I hate that I love you.
Last breaths in the icy darkness
Vacation in the Rocky Mountain Islands
Not everyone is hoping for peace.
I let him into my heart.
"Can we just have imaginary kids?"
Pasture is green all year round
He was remembered when he forgot
Foul smelling kisses. Two toothbrushes later.
Can't read the board? Don't play!
CIV 17 doesn't feature natural wonders.
The famed heroine now needed heroin.
Christmas gifts....bought with unemployment benefits.
They rounded up the Jews, again.
Yesterday someone else used my coffin
The single life haunted him later.
Who fucking cares what you think.
82, won lottery. "Well, now what?"
"Constitutional ignorance expressed? ..... Permitted, " yawned 1A.
"1A ignorance expressed? ..... Cool, " yawned 1A.
"Not every morning's a Saturday night!"
I lived. I died. Nothing else.
How many seats in the theater?
"Meet our scapegoat manager!" "Boss, *interim*."
Suicide hotline hanged along with caller.
Giving up is the easy choice.
"They called their planet 'Earth'..." *laughter*
I received a second folded flag.
Music doesnt outlive you; you it..
"Wait, where did that star go?"
'Tis the season to spend money!
'Tis the season to spend money!
Words are silent, but never unheard.
Familiar faces becoming difficult to recall.
Our guest room became my bedroom
The guest room, became my bedroom.
 Emoji put emoticons out of work :'(
HE CAN BE WHATEVER GENDER... She...
His groomsman, but not his pallbearer
She confessed her love. I'm closeted.
Fatal mistake. Blamed coworker. Got promoted.
Diet and exercise suddenly proved futile
Love is deceptive, pain is not.
The only thing I can say.
"Submit a Six Word Story" Okay!
Pink Floyd's 'Wall' turned 37 yesterday.
Insecure people post solely for upvotes.
Sometimes, I just post for upvotes.
It's all true, all of it!
Your number's in my old phone.
Went viral. Never saw her again.
"Love you gramma..." "Who are you?"
Massive indications are that you wait
The day is awake before him.
And now, he can't stop drinking
Want to die, but not alone.
I have been thinking too much.
She failed the Turing test intentionally.
America. A division of Trump Organization.
Another late night text from Donald.
Shit. It wasn't just a fart.
"What's his name, grandpa?" "It's Hobbes."
He would never see sunrise again.
Hi So Sorry, I am dad.
CNN Watch Live: Asteroid Collides Earth.
Men love, women choose
He awoke in someone else's home.
Do NOT tell them your name.
Heartbroken. Good thing I have spares...
Humanity became bored of the peace
Regrets take the place of dreams
You are someone special, for now.
I hear voices sometimes. "Me too."
You always return, but never stay.
A hanging body; peace at last
Don't ever do PCP! Or PCP!
Remote was found, under the couch
I can't believe I lost you..
You're becoming more perfect each day.
He came. She didn't. She dialled.
I should have known better, but...
I wish I could remember you.
Gibbering eternal darkness became our reward.
In The Moment, Of The Meantime.
Everyone cared until the bombs dropped.
Borders peacefully redrawn without firing bullets.
hi God is kind to the deserving..
Zombie apocalypse is my retirement plan
"No, the signal originated from space..."
President amends Constitution with one Tweet.
My son finally came home today.
Breaks. Scream. Slide. Wake. Driving. Breaks.
It's sunny outside, /u/hanoobslag happy now?
Anthony Weiner accepts Trump cabinet post.
One Son Sent, Fifty Stars Returned
Your husband never returned, Mrs. Armstrong.
I never thought you'd come home.
This is the last cigarette.Again
New problem. You would've loved her.
Posts here can also be happy
In my world everyone rents time.
His tears made her respect him.
Looked for the one. Found two.
Homework due midnight; still on Reddit...
The winner was once the loser.
Blind man's son directs silent films.
Two insatiable egoists, one murdered relationship.
War's a trade. Sons for flags.
Truth serum secretly replaces cyanide tooth
I wished on a dead star
"Quit the human exceptionalism nonsense, Dad."
Are you sure? Yeah.. I'm fine..
Relationship's ending. Growing acceptance, with exceptions.
Bombs dropped, Cities lost, Lives cost.
She was heroin, he needed detox
Cemetary: "Lucky? No. Life sentence. Young"
Punk destroys memorabilia. "They're snob goods."
"90! Lucky." "No. Life sentence. Young"
Um...my eyes are up here...
"Wait...that wasn't the laundry detergent?"
Golden legions surround us, my lord.
M-mom, wasn't sis on that flight?
Punk destroys memorabilia. "They're snob goods."
"Unfortunately, it lived a long life."
Plan B. Committed credit card fraud.
Her first cry; his last breath.
Ninth senator found amid rubble: Democrat.
Turns out grandma was the mole!
I desired another, our love vanishes
Selfishly, I can't love you anymore.
638 failed attempts. Fate succeeds finally.
Rules? This subreddit? Downvote all competition.
638 failed attempts. Fate succeeds finally.
638 failed attempts. Fate succeeds finally.
Down to earth astronaut remains alienated.
YouTube videos killed the paperback stars.
Treated her to a Coinstar dinner
Pa
Oh God, I am terribly lost.
"Just the tip." - biggest lie ever.
Here lies the world's greatest dog.
What's your biggest lie? "I'm fine"
Black Friday is a spectator sport.
Weaponized kittens is just the beginning . . . . .
How was your first contract killing?
The widow caught the wedding bouquet.
People acting like animals, for pennies.
My milk does his body good.
Friends on Facebook. Enemies in person.
Good news dont make good News
Lot of friends. Nobody to talk.
Sterilizing deplorables finally lowered CO2 emissions.
"Kill yourself kike," they messaged. Non-anonymously.
"Kill yourself kike," they messaged non-anonymously.
"No, I don't mind," he lied.
Blocked by UK for libelous material
Vodka's cheaper than dinner for one.
Greatest generation just renamed the worst.
Still hate Trump, but wtf, /u/spez?!
You think I won't do it?
"Everything is just fine," doctor's lied.
"  trust     Reddit,      everything   is      fine  ." - /u/spez
I wish half was good enough.
Cousin Fred is the Asshole Grandson.
"I'm having turkey dinner for one."
I just don't love you anymore
"This baby needs an emergency baptism."
Her weapon: a red patterned dress
Complex feelings. Bad timing. Its over.
Trump in office. Thinks: "Well...Fuck."
Death on the day before immortality.
I voted. Now I am hated.
Time travelers try to kill me.
She loved him. He loved God.
Twenty Sixteen: thank god that's over
The future ate itself. Now what?
"Donald who? Never heard of him."
"Validate me," she whispered to him.
Fortunately for me, hell doesn't exist.
If you fall I'll catch me.
His wedding speech was later forgotten.
Time agonized us until it didn't
Charge of the bear-riding Soviet.
"Safe space?... The Theater??" - John Booth
Dinner: A tomato, an orange, pistacihios
Big Pharma: oncology's a growth industry!
Theater offends Trump, fourth wall built.
Ventriloquist lawyer questioned. Dumb witness answered.
Ventriloquist lawyer questions. Dumb witness answers.
not a rainbow, just a bruise
Only after swallowing, he found hope.
Started shutting windows, winter has arrived.
Russian winter, the world's greatest soldier
"Alexa, say fart" - my three-year-old
"What was my wrongdoing?" He wept.
J Cole Platinum With No Features
His insecurities outweighed his love tenfold.
Mr. Trump, tear down this wall.
The shadow returned, blocking the doorway.
Door won't open. He smiles. Shiver.
He was shamed for his sorrow.
Trump won. Win next time, Progressives.
Still better love story than Twilight
job gone, then the gun beckoned
President Trump, here is the football.
"I miss us." "I really don't"
Chernobyl toddler speaks with both mouths
Joke made. I laughed. They didn't.
Hell froze over. Refugees seek asylum
"...competent prose..." He grimaced. It stung.
"Will-" "Yes." Immediately. This one lasts.
I'd dream more.. If I slept..
Mom has a new family now.
It's more than what i expected.
Guess I'm lucky Hell doesn't exist.
Evicted, Addicted, no hope, farewell world.
"I wrote a poem," he threatened.
Ill quit tomorrow, then he died.
When they kissed, they felt free.
Society is responsible for creating society.
He sat there quietly, patiently dead.
My life, my breath, she left.
After a moment's hesitation, "I do."
Your love made me love myself.
How you won't meet your father.
"I love you too" She lied.
This bank's full of criminals. Bankers.
?This message you can ,reverse now
"Uh, I'm okay" I lied again.
Pranking vampire dad with raspberry juice.
Pack of magnums. Only missing one.
News cycle spun around 140 charachters.
They found him in the rubble.
Trump tweets. Democrats distracted. Law passes.
I will never amount to anything.
We loved to run from nothing.
Called in sick - case of nostalgia.
Returning the "Get Well Soon" card
Unawares this was her final sleep.
Wrong writing for drawing emotion
Searching you, (with child), swipe right
Billions died ,only few hundred survived.
Hands are held easier than memories.
After the operation, she joined faceliftbook.
One heart stolen, two hearts buried.
Centuries later, the first flowers bloomed.
Antipsychotic medication is working but rabbitshadowangerfrostyfleshwalkerthereisacreatureinmybedroomitsnightandagreybeingeyeballpleasetakeimsorrythedoorislockedoldcreatureinmybedroomsmellslikeradishimbeingwxamubwdexaminwdbyghostsburbhubcsdgcxstfcsarfxsshvcf
Magician's secret revealed: "Hocus, Pocus, FOCUS!"
I drove all night
At subreddit doppelbangher -- [REQUEST] My Ex
Relax. It is not the end.
One by one the stars darkened
Hanged, the baby wasn't a tapestry.
The sun exploded 8 minutes ago
"My heart's black," white protester insists.
Iraqi soldier shoots fanatic. His son.
"My heart's black," white protester insists.
I can't believe that worked!
In the name of the father
There was nobody at my funeral
I drove all night for you
"Be more offended!" Facebook yelled again.
Opened her eyes to empty cradle.
Time machine failure.... Time machine.... Time.... .... ... .. .
Let's just count down the words...
I can't feel nothing for you.
He wouldn't hit unsend fast enough.
With his dying breath, "They're...coming..."
I achieved my dreams. Now what?
She went from 'Babe' to 'Boss'.
You're the person I write for.
Eating is my only joy now.
Obama stoically assisted his legacy's killer.
We will remember them... if convenient.
She folded like a paper doll.
Please don't, I'll be alone again.
Mousetrap headline. 1 paragraph long article....
Found his ring around her penis o_O
Insurance claim. Destroyed by fire: Marriage.
I hope I don't ruin us
Turns out napkins aren't legal documents
She planted cabbages concealing secrets beneath...
Cancel the funeral, her coma's over.
Thestrals. I can see them now.
I created y'all in six days.
You won't believe this clickbait hack!!!
This time ... the gun is loaded.
"SMILE!!!" -Your friendly neighborhood robot overlords.
I wish I made you proud.
She waited for them to end.
Steps onto Mars. "Thinking good thoughts."
They never invited ME to play.
Wife said she had to go.
On good days, she remembers me.
Wanted spoilers. Found spoilers. Damn it!
Love show. Visited subreddit. Hate show.
I didn't realise they were dead.
My girlfriend scares me shitless . . . . . sometimes.
Imagine these words on a page.
Numb to depression now. Only happy.
Without contact words are no option.
At night, I think of you.
Today, first kiss. I'm 32.
Abandoned. Fired. Depressed. Broken. Dead inside.
"I can't be hypnotized" he clucked.
Drinking old crow whiskey for you
I would've done anything for you...
It's a little like dying, really.
I have forgotten how to dream.
Not believing, won't make it false.
"So what are you waiting for?"
Siri, delete anniversary from my calendar...
The texts are never from him.
President Trump yelled, "Nuke Button's fake"
Crying my eyes out to Slowdive's "souvlaki"
surrounded by friends, still all alone.
"I've no son!" Father exclaimed, correctly.
Am I that hard to love?
This is all you'll ever have.
Not much left
Headphones blasting. Still hear those voices...
Some lost limbs, more lost minds.
Made me cry with six words.
Airplanes have no are crumple zones.
My heart left a year ago.
let's ~~test~~ this
test
From the deep of night, wanderers.
He checks his pulse...still ticking...
Hey man.That's alot of bacon.
Always forgetting that you're not mine.
Judge to executioner: the jury's next.
Get closer! Only got one bullet.
Travel TRAVEL travel time Time TIME
"Your mom!" the future psychoanalyst shouted.
I only read gilded r/tifu posts.
Happiness was our pipe dream
Olympic sprinter chased local thief unsuccessfully.
The bomb ended up disarming them.
When she died, I felt envy.
She knew my best laid plan.
She was my best laid plan.
Moon, wolf, maiden, love and howl.
Earlier: "Missing" You, Now: Missing "You"
In my dreams, still have you.
Flustered with life, defeated and speechless.
He checks his pulse...still ticking...
Planes ~~have~~ ~~no~~ are crumple zones.
He read. He wrote. He read.
We sure miss your sobriety, dad.
Littering and...LITTERING AND...Smoking reefer
I came, I saw, he swallowed.
Vacuum closet: Dirtiest Room in House
Occupation listed as a professional protestor.
Based on your reaction, we're screwed
Steel Gray Sky
Due today: Thesis. I better start.
Decomposing contently
Teach me how to be subtle
Time before sunrise: hundred fourteen days.
Trump's bucket list. '... Press Red button'
Staring at this won't fix anything
Woke up this morning. Goddamn it.
I don't like to follow such rules.
Monday. After 40 years, Hillary chills.
Will we ever be ready again?
I think about death every second.
You promised that last time too.
One mirror ,one body , thousand reflections.
You were given time, use it.
President Trump Nominates Judge Judith Sheindlin.
"When I fart, I fly high."
Me and my depression are fine.
Massive moon rises, barking inside me.
. . . . and caught Batman fucking a melon . . .
They caught Superman high as fuck.
I wasn't always afraid of hope.
President Trump just...... I awoke, sweating
Honestly, I lie more than you.
the apocalypse was awkward for me
Pre-war ventriloquist pursues other career.
Trembling, the entire classroom salutes flag.
The iron never forgets the forge.
"You did what?!" "I ate it?"
Dreams are nothing, if never reality.
Million woman march planned; nobody showed.
Paris was never the same afterwards.
Now is the future becoming past.
Two million eulogies. One single apology.
Not scary? You must not understand.
For sale: cloth. Wiped server, once.
For sale: glass ceiling. Dented. Unbroken.
Impeachment flounders. Dems: Trump over Pence.
Dems: Trump over Pence. Impeachment floundering.
No one to take her ashes.
I need more than six words.
Well... and if i was ugly?
Have Fetish! Ate shit. Had Fetish...
ever buy a seco d ha d keyboard!
Like my dick pic? Sorry Mom...
My refresh button feeds my addiction.
Have fetish! Experiment time. Had Fetish...
Youtube comments have become the voters.
We celebrate in May, not November.
Can broken people support each other?
Successful Donald has many, many friends.
Accurate election coverage mystifies Onion staff.
"In Loving Memory" side-by-side
Fired from suicide hotline for "enthusiasm"
Cohen: "Scrappy underdog billionaire wins? Hallelujah."
"Hold me," she thought, facing away.
You're still my security question password
I love you. Read at 11:10PM
I'm going to miss my teeth.
What if I did it?
Her Christmas request. A second leg.
You're taken? Then act like it.
Defeat always awakens people's true nature......
Wake me up in four years.
Recovered from 9/11. Stumbled on 11/9.
The fantasy no longer satiates me
Donald Trump? Donald Trump! Donald Trump.
"What I don't understand is irony."
Bad acid. No escape. First time.
The internet has very little content.
Surrounded by those oblivious to patterns.
If they only knew how intimately.
In equivalence as in predictability. 6 6 6
"...read my book, 'Strategies for Solitaire?'"
You're all equally worthless genetic vectors.
Her friends acted like confused parents.
Currency war. Trade war. Hot war.
LADA 4x4 3 door
"Make America Great Again": assassinate Trump.
-Keep calm! Show must go on!
"Hold me," she thought, facing away.
"Hold me," she thought, facing away.
"Hold me," they thought, facing away.
"Great. Let's just make it through,"
"Mom's right: anyone can be anything."
Prayed for the first time tonight.
Turns out, they were all sadists.
true horror
Barack Obama was the Last U.S. President.
"'Nominative determinism', huh?" thought Baddy McEvil.
"Wait, what?.. I won?.. Wait, seriously?.."
All it took, was some money.
Great Job Shillary, now we're fucked.
6th word: unspoken... exclamation point
Where do we go from here?
Present Identity of a Govern Mentality
The dog is white; he's safe.
So there's never a First Gentleman.
WWIII or Civil War II? Vote.
Nuclear codes? I'm not telling *you*!
Nuclear codes? Tell *you*? I resign.
Fear and backward thinking defeated corruption.
For sale: American Passport, never stamped.
The detention crowd has finally won.
Donald Trump is actually the President.
no no, It's just a dream.
The day the earth walked backwards.
Behind thin curtains souls were searched.
They said they would help me.
Achievement unlocked: 911G - Become the president.
Fuck it, let's watch it burn.
"Who's laughing now?" he thought silently.
My new identity reeked of familiarity.
I walked until I felt nothing
Finished sketches lined the trash bin.
Nightmare of peace, prosperity over. Again.
Breaking news: Trump grabs US Presidency.
Canada's citizenship and immigration website crashed.
They voted for the joke candidate.
. . . and that's how the experiment ended . .
Election: Orange is the new black.
She leaves me so fucking confused
"How's he winning?" muttered Romney inconsolably.
The things we do for stickers.
Voted for Hillary, not for himself.
/r/the_donald meltdown harmed conspiracy production | Infowars.
/r/the_donald meltdown harmed conspiracy production - Infowars.
Siri, say "I'm proud of you".
"Lone American Off Planet Casts Ballot"
Change doesn't happen in waiting lines
I poured beer onto my cereal.
I poured beer into my cereal.
Whoever wins, it's us who lose.
I was only gonna have one!
Florida: "Tied? Count again.".... .... .... .... .... ... "Oh, crap."
Florida: .... .... .... .... .... ... Clinton, Clinton, Trump. "Tied?" "Crap"
Hardscrabble towns. Rich in folded flags.
Florida: .... .... .... .... .... ... Trump, Clinton. "Tied again? Crap"
"Eat these foods," suggested the unqualified.
Doctor looked downward. Then I knew.
The creature blinked and nought remained.
"We told you so" - The Amish
Someone will have Nuclear Codes Tomorrow
Childhood. Passes.
Childhood
He and she agree, America: VOTE!
I wish I'd never met you.
"Was he truly good at anything?"
Writer's life-changing sentence: 18 years.
Mom taught me how to shave
He unblocked me. "How you doing?"
Copy. Paste. Hope this does well.
My alibi made things much worse.
-I must to listen? -You can.
Relationship
At midnight, narwhals vote for bacon.
Narwhals voted for bacon at midnight.
Jeremy has spoken, in class today...
Guess I'll return her Christmas present.
Poppa loans mamma's bones, basement groans.
"Election Day?... I'll get the vodka."
I left, and sadly, I'm happy.
First in class. Grades and death.
Fucked her again today without love.
Broken arms and one hot mother.
A minute's silence, interrupted by gunfire.
Her answers only raised more questions.
Years later; still, I love you...
What was I going to type?
Finally, silent spectators changed the verdict.
Guide dog found. But no owner.
Watched so much, yet missed everything
Fired. Happy. Lost co-worker. Gained girlfriend.
Glory hole. Arouses internet. Ouch! Mousetrap.
Normal2 attacked, and he said "Maga"
666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA
Bots attacked, and they said "Maga."
I got buried, then woke up.
MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666
666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA
Cure for cancer found! Too late...
MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666
Couldn't make friends, so he spammed.
666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA
MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666
Community Challenge #13 - "They both swiped right - now what?"
I know you are with her...
Kinda sub u runnin here boii??
Rather the liquor was consuming him
She bemoaned apathy, I didn't care.
666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA
MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666
666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA
MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666
666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA
MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666
666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA
MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666
666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA
MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666
666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA
MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666
666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA
MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666
666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA
MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666
666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA
MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666
666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA
MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666
666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA
MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666
666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA
MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666
666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA
MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666
666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA
Did not their love last forever?
Dat baby ain mine u ho
I aint no racis white boii
Answer me!...Please don't leave me...
Kids? Radiation levels safe. Too old.
"I love you", does not compute.
25, had everything. Now, just dust.
The loss of you is crippling.
Her brains splattered across the headboard.
YOU ARE ALL PATHETIC FUCKING TRASH
Secretly wishing everything was like before.
Is it so much to ask?
Bill Tenders haunts me at dawn.
Her pets reveal her disgusting soul.
Lonelier in ex-friends company than now.
Dear cisco. I'm enjoying the show.
I'd never step into mom's psyche.
Stock shorting and network engineer mocking
Brain tissue has no pain receptors.
Upstairs, mischievous husband. Downstairs, deaf wife.
Grave digger could not unsee this.
This is the most venomous...OW!!!
I never thought to hit save
"Undead" sample for lab wasn't... dead.
Twenty years old, unmotivated and lazy.
See You Next Tuesday, Trump Supporters
We upheld tradition. Always Mister President.
Bed &gt; Traffic. Lottery winner snuggles.
Why am I watching this movie
Dialogue ceased. I despise you all.
Mankind deserves miseries willful ignorance incubates.
Becalmed. Low on food. No water.
I HAVE BECOME DESTROYER OF WORLDS.
Can't communicate. Everything's reversed to you.
Hillary is God's chosen, not Satan's.
Wheras god loves being worshipped.....alot.
Satan tortures his worshippers the most
"Your money or your life!" "Both."
I write six word stories. AMA!
"Our plan worked President," said Trump.
Never lucky. But always on time.
Why don't we get along anymore?
"I survived!" A pause, no reply.
We elected him as a joke
"Goodbye, love." He pulled the trigger.
"Siri, talk dirty" "Shit. Bullshit. Chickenshit"
"Siri, talk dirty" "Shit. Bullshit. Chickenshit"
Spilled milk, cried. Makenzie missed momma.
"He sucks!" "She sucks!" We suck...
Blood stained sheets and unopened mail
"Do Not Touch" Written in Braille.
House fire. Saved the junk drawer.
Gorged as wolf, grieved as widower.
Fed as wolf, wept as man.
Sunrise. My tears joined her blood.
"It was only about the money"
Free: My Neighbor's Newspaper, Read Once.
So I fall into the ocean
After eating shrimp, he resembled it
Solid-stating elements' induction shattering and sparking
Now, she can't answer me back.
Love never having to say sorry
"Marty. Last seen 30/2/2074"
I'm starting to doubt my sanity
Wife's in labor, I'm on Reddit.
"Siri..." "Stop or I'll call 911"
"Siri..." "Stop or I"ll call 911"
Dad's foggy memory isn't funny anymore.
The flashlight died, the growls began.
Government became tyrannical, I stayed indifferent.
I was much happier while dumb.
To die, I must have lived.
I thought she was into rape
She's prettier stretched over my lamp
I struggle to convey my messages...
Alcohol
The cobra Isn't in his cage!
Have a seat-I'm Chris Hansen
Please help me. "message not sent"
There's no emoji for this emotion.
Read reminiscences of a stock operator
I was born on Earth. AMA.
For sale: Tampons. Wrong size. Fuck!
She makes me feel twelve again.
Sadly, her story was never completed.
I can't die like this....I......
Hurting bad, need H.....Preparation H
I should not have done that
Are contractions allowed on this subreddit?
They shouldn't have died that way.
She left, then I was happy.
She cums when I say "retard."
He didn't want what he got.
"So here's the story so far..."
Put phone in vagina, nobody called.
I am happy because she left.
"LEGO Group Officially Endorses Term 'Legos'."
Voices in head agree. Drugs... baaaaaaddddddd.
"That'll suck," mortal unknowingly informs immortal.
First thing you say were eyes.
For sale, girlfriend's strapon, never worn
I was happy. Then she left.
Gone!
Reality for many
Sticky bloody mess. ... Dead?... No, born.
The vote was cast in pencil.
Was never good at self preservation.
Sniffing her neck, feeling her warmth.
She's everything I aspire to be.
Rock, Sling, Bow, Gun, Bomb, Gone
I let go of her hand
Smiling, she quickly opens Pandora's box
Bruised, she thought 'still beats loneliness'
He blocked me on every app.
Shh...Mommy's playing hide'n'seek with daddy
My life is almost halfway dead.
"Happy Halloween!" "It's always Halloween, here."
"I'm expecting." "But...I've been abroad."
I like seeing you
Don't even bother talking, just smile.
Lesson
I like when they use dolls.
Twenty years in, and already wasted
Candy causes cavities and weight gain.
You tried, but nobody ever cared.
I just want to be noticed
Sent "Bye", then Online for hours...
I do. I do. I do.
Procrastination asked me, "why not tomorrow?"
Procrastination told me, "Why not tomorrow?"
I looked out the window. Caged.
"How did I die this time?"
"Dead? What does that mean? ...Mom...?"
Brother disappeared. Got a new pet.
Love faded. Now it's just convenience.
It's Monday. *Goes back to sleep*
Anthony Wiener admits, "I'm a Republican."
"Star Wars" eventually became "Star Peace."
The only thing I can say.
They cut onions and finally cried
No kids. Want to try again.
Hiding under my bed. Footsteps approach.
If I'm alone, nobody hurts me.
You wouldn't believe his learning curve.
My only fear was sentimental people.
"Who's she?" "Sergeant, that's your wife."
My one true love, you are.
Amnesiac wife falls in love everyday.
Kissed her. Touched her. Inside her.
Kissed her. Touched her. Inside her.
Unfortunately, he'd never see her gravestone.
Arrived home. Ambulance was parked outside.
Walked into door. Her stomach bled.
I think six words is too
Just lit the cigarette. Bus arrived.
Breakup plan: "Honey, let's play Scrabble!"
Also, he puts the seat down.
I stopped arguing with my demons.
I never said I forgave you.
"I fell." His knuckles were bruised.
Former muslim warning against islam spread
"Election Over? : No" He refreshes page.
I am not the original Napster.
I have nightmares about losing you.
2016 lurrrrrrrrrrrcccchhed drunkenly. Threw another curveball.
"Honey... I think the condom broke...."
"Computer, are we in a simulation?"
Sex is truly wonderful, I imagine.
Nonreligious people can go to...somewhere?
Shoes were yours, you ghost baby.
To her, they were just words.
To her, they were only words.
Pander to Reddit to get credit
His little hand was still warm
had heart attack, didn't die, lulz
"I could stop..." She poured another.
Our petty fights end in bed.
Upvote this to give me karma!
Best I can do is 25.
Rapist's child aborted. Unaware husband: disconsolate
Alas, the love succumbed to Ego
"For Here, we can rest safely."
Ford - the last thing he saw.
Now or never, Earth. Your call.
I blame tequila for that mistake.
They never spoke of it again.
I shaved my legs for nothing
We're gonna fuck up the tequila.
I'm going to get high tonight.
The alcohol isn't helping me forget.
Buried ventriloquist's dummy shouted, "I'm alive"
"Tonight's tequila night!" Locks phone away.
FUCKYOUTHISISONEWORD
This "break" has been really long...
Contemporary artist grows rich deceiving idiots.
It rained the day we met.
His life revolved around Harambe memes.
I trust you with my memes.
"I'm fine." She said, stifling tears.
The hero saved everybody except himself.
The funniest joke ever? "I care."
Half man, half bear, half pig
Quixotic queer quickly quiets quivering quack.
Won the lottery. By not playing.
Feels so damn good to burn.
Strangers. Friends. Lovers. Spouses. Parents. Strangers.
I don't know six different words.
Hey. It's me, your husband's wife.
Two men. Alone she weeps, silently.
I am Nujood. Age 10. Divorced.
"Can't swim!" roared the calving glacier.
Trustworthy people became an extinct species.
World witnessed gloom. Residents accepted doom.
"Stop screaming! You scare other mothers."
Neighbour's chickens are great target practice.
Then there was silence. God farted.
Day 5: "Let there be Tsunamis."
All was created, what a shame
Things I Hate: -Brevity -Irony -Lists.
My life support spoke to me.
She hated that she loved him.
Should I want truth or happiness?
If he's gone, is anything real?
Disaster: cause unclear. Damn autocorrect! Nuclear!
Her hair has finally grown back
Great, the voices are agreeing now.
half bear, half social justice warrior
I buried it. With my family.
They convinced themselves that karma existed.
Radio. Coffee. Suicide jumper hits windshield.
"Let there be light!" She said
"Virulent." An aging philosopher describes humanity.
Table for two.... Oh, never mind....
The end is funny, I think.
It's a nine now
Showed remorse. But only when caught.
Cried you a river. Now drown.
Soldiers fought for humanity. Showed none.
The unspoken rule of life is
I could ruin this girls life.
War's over! I'd return if possible.
I miss wearing his pretty collar.
When A.I.s unionize we'll be screwed.
Good thing I turned left yesterday.
In my dream I am alive.
So. She moans louder beneath him.
They'll upvote anything, me too thanks.
Searching for thrills, lost her innocence.
I always wished she was real.
I sleep on your side now.
His heart gave up. Doctors didn't.
"Feels worse than scouring my fridge."
Can I ever know myself again?
"A sure thing." the gambler confirms.
Your pride made your children orphans.
I'm intelligent, but you are happy.
My underwear is still over there.
/r/gonewild caused my headless female fetish.
No drama, no quarrels, just memories.
Tears flowed, as did her blood.
Being alive was punishment in itself.
She was liked, but not loved.
"But I love you," he lied.
Eventually they will all leave me.
Can't keep down my nausea medication.
"Forever" was shorter than I anticipated.
Ill tides bear bottled ill tidings.
Maybe life is not for everyone.
Change the channel to Trump TV.
Go back to Earth, stupid Earthling.
Super 8: TRIPA DVISOR BEST OIS
I guess love was not enough.
They're partying. But I'm here alone.
Zero days without accidents. Now hiring.
Are we seeing the same sunset?
I don't stick to rules
He threatened 'one-star'. I folded.
Icky Vicky, you're oh so sicky.
He's transgendered. They saw mental illness.
I LIVE for worthless internet points
I am sick of my sicknessnes.
Admission: Rejected because I wasn't black.
Tears like paper; bleeds like human.
She couldn't rest. The gunfire wouldn't.
Optimist becomes realist. Then becomes pessimist.
Search history: how to fake death
I wish way too fucking much.
They can't tell I'm not human.
World ends. R.E.M. still feels fine.
Pubes have grown longer than dick.
She got divorced. He got relieved.
Removes kippah. Becomes unhated. Becomes unknown.
I was born knowing the end
Their last wish. 'Bury us together'
"Shotgun wedding. Unfortunate." declared the coroner.
"...or forever hold your...", "Wait! Stop!"
Cryogenics bankruptcy: Buy organs; slightly thawed.
"Mommy where's daddy?" "Away on Business"
Conjoined twins separate. Now they're single.
DJ gets Parkinson's. People stop listening.
When they stopped praying, nothing changed.
"Call an ambulance!" But he didn't.
I've always felt it. That pain.
Farted in public. It wasn't gas.
Sleeping pill swallowed, still wide awake.
Two bodies. One revolver. Eight shots.
Removed his kippah. Removed his identity.
Welcome back to square one. Again.
Or forever hold your peace ..... silence.
Community Challenge! (submitted 2 years ago)
There were three hearts beating, unfortunately.
So once again, I started over.
Me was we, for a moment.
For sale: new unused baby shoes
I felt uneasy about my vote.
My whole life story: "It's Complicated".
Blind Man: "How do I look?"
Procrastination is all about being too
Rare drug discovered. Experts name: "Morality".
Fight for humanity. While showing none.
Ten, jack, queen, king, ace, joker.
"If I win-" Donald gulped. "When..."
Suicide bomber spots brother. 2 1 ....
I do not care about apathy
"Another wrong couple..." Fan informs Rowlings.
"Jim Crow hates us, Mom. Why?"
Widow becomes weirdo. The body remains.
Suicide was her last anti depressant.
I'll do it tomorrow... tomorrow...... tomorrow.........
If only I had one more...
She was scared to love again.
Momentary silence is my only comfort.
Prevent air pollution and stop talking.
Life has never waited for me.
Reincarnation proven. Global warming becomes important.
They ripped me away from home.
She caressed my bruise. "Love you."
Cafe Noise
Oops. I forgot I live alone.
Online friends playing daily. Ghosted. Gone.
Rushed to the hospital. Flat tire.
Wrath and Lust are incestuous twins
One late night. One awkward morning.
"Are you single?" "Tonight, why yes."
Together, their world turned much differently.
This isn't a five word story.
Tommorow. Or the next day. Maybe.
She waited patiently... For her pizza.
Not suspiious, just proteting my rights.
Difficult to sleep. Good memories bite.
War is over. Now, widows everywhere.
Dying, he uttered his first word.
The dog thing is getting old
Jewish
Apparently, tin foil is not microwavable.
Make America White Again
Don't say razor. Say principle. Faggot
666 Make America White Again 666
I will ask her out, tomorrow
He stared blankly and remembered them.
He was murdered while killing himself
Bought something, didnt need it tho
Today the sun did not rise.
I was tired of being tired.
Stained bedsheets, milky white, bloody red
Hold the line! Stay with me!
You're my inferior, in every way. Jew
I wanted more than you had
Some advice: never consider a fan.
"It aint me babe" -Bob Dylan
Don't say razor. Say principle. Faggot.
Wandered around. No purpose in mind.
Anyone here have an active mind?
"Hey" "M or F?" "M" *disconnect*
Vehicular collision leads to thunderous sparks
666 MAGA 666 666 MAGA 666
No offense, checkmate but not chess
Just pretend it's a dream, sweetheart.
DO NOT LOOK AT THE MOON
**DO NOT LOOK AT THE MOON**
You've done this before right? ...Doctor?
Lips said, "accidentally." Her eyes didn't.
I see footprints on the ceiling.
"We won't be attending your wedding."
Death of a bachelor! Executed beautifully.
For sale. Baby shoes. Never worn.
Got sober again! Drank to celebrate...
Hello Mom, I am your son.
In a broken world, Im home.
Something that's never started cant end
Closing in. Closing eyes. Closing chapter.
"And another wrong couple JK was..."
M wif $ai$ I'm mon focu$$d.
She took everything but my apology
No more monkeys giving people head!
In the end, she left too.
Roses, flattened, lie in the street.
Lonely yard, now waits, for Grandchildren.
[Lonely yard, now waits, for grandchildren.](http://imgur.com/a/KFxjP)
It's difficult to sleep without you..
666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA
You were his escape. Not anymore.
We stare at the same pixels.
BRAKING NEWS: Car narrowly avoids wreck.
I'll write a story about nothing!
Blackbirds
Six word stories are sometimes boring.
"I've always been here. Have you?"
"Gandhi's giant death robots..." -- not /r/civ?!
"Come here often?" asked gynaecologist. Silence.
But this time, Snopes was lying.
Wedding ring for sale. Never worn.
I have overcome my Dyscalculia!
His zero word stories were best.
Greatest mistake: buying jackets without fleece.
"Click here and receive FREE TUITION!"
The flu vaccine saved her life.
"I hope you know I'm trying."
I am always the second choice.
He threatened, "or I'll vote Trump".
"Look honey, the moon comes closer!"
Hospital waiting room. Considering cutting lines.
Wedding invitation: heavy. Zippo: simple lighter.
Stop putting the baby in stasis!
I have overcome my dyscalculia!
Lost in the woods, blue ball
aliens legs longer than tall man
For sale: scary clown. Easily lured.
Heart paints fantasies. Logic chip erases.
You're here? Then who's driving us?
Reasonable doubt. Not guilty. Three dead.
Gimmie one more chance; nobody's perfect!
Weird. Haven't we come here before?
who automates the one who automates?
All men develop prostate cancer? Weird.
Upvote me or I'll vote Trump.
"I love you." "I'm so sorry."
Sorry, we dont have your hippo.
train approaching.changed mind. too late
Mark my words, Mark. My words!
"Spare a penny, mister?" He couldn't.
One Two Three Four Five Seven
We'd met before, three times already
Lie; tell her she's gonna live.
God... I can't take this shit...
I'll be murdering you all soon.
You're welcome, pathetic humans. Never again
Smoking kills? Then I'll die relaxed.
The war ended everything. Except them.
Advertising slogan: 'Please buy our shit'.
The comedian laughed. Nobody else did.
The war lasted. But they didn't.
Drop the ego. Find the breath.
Neighbor hasn't fed daughter this morning.
"School? Man I listen to podcasts."
BREAKING: Mars colony saved. Earth, however...
The Bitter White Girl In China
RIP 6 word stories! November 8
Spotted him from above. Shouldn't've dived.
666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA
He left me, so I followed.
&lt;marquee direction="up"&gt; Beyond forever &lt;/marquee&gt;
Forever's apparently left to one's interpretation
666 MAGA 666 MAGA 666 MAGA
Love life more than its meaning
Nervous, I quickly took his fingerprint.
He pleaded innocence while blatantly smirking.
Every sad song is a lie.
Tired. Fired. Lemon juice. Inspired. Hired.
Trump indian speech historic MAGA 666
Six word stories end right here
The noblest people, with intellect gleaming...
Noble psychiatry is too often maligned.
There's no food here! Just ingredients!
I wanted a baby. Got one.
Last night, the stars turned red.
[BREAKING] Clown Sightings Delay Presidential Election
Mosquitoes declared endangered; eradication efforts stymied.
Imaginary friends drove him to suicide.
Looked upon the sun; saw nothing.
"It's so small from up here!"
Nobody really learns the easy way.
World without bacon: "Wakey wakey, eggs!"
New haircut on fresh pillows
Meteor hits Jurassic Park; none survive.
Explosive new Hawaiian restaurant: Aloha Snackbar
Wish I've never seen your face.
Pepe, a Nazi? Me too thanks
Born together. Married together. Died alone.
Tell me you need me too
I always enjoyed my towels moist.
Funny. I don't remember exchanging information.
Offered love. He took much more.
We lost the gore86 clone war.
Writer fired for stuck key gore.
The girl tip-toed. Loudly, it seemed.
The family bowed heads in prayer.
Come, Annihilation, Devastation! PLACE IS BUST!!!!!!!!!!!!
Her matchless beauty, couldn't be understood!!!!!!!!!!
Her peerless intellect couldn't be refuted!!!!!!!!!!!!
Waking, eating, procrastinating, sleeping. RIP studying.
     
 "I've been craaaaaaaving, my ex-looOOOOOOOOOvers, oH!!" 
TEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE TWWWW TTTTTTTTTTT JJJJJJJJJJJJJJJ WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
 "Upvote, the, good, downvooooooooooooooOOOOOOOOOte, the, baaaaaad...." 
"What isss this I, seeeeee...........SSSSSSEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!"
"Heaven help the freeeeee........Angels? Angels?!"
"There's no escape........no escaaaaaaaape, tryyy....."
Work? That is inappropriate, but thanks.
LoL LoL LoL LoL LoL LoL
Points for effort, upvote for effort
Uncharted realities? I don't think so
Uh.......did you just say something?
Staring at nothing, stop interrupting me.
Name something better than doing nothing
Name something more fun than staring
This 1400's stuff you wouldn't believe
You know how life's super precious?
Amazing how much changes daily! Jk
DEEP six word story: updates forthcoming.
Exoskeleton getting WAY TIGHT....updates forthcoming
"True love is forever". He left.
She died. Surprisingly, my erection disappeared.
Omit needless words and, like, stuff.
Cleanup in aisle four, polygamy rules
Selfish doesn't begin to describe me
Space weather -everything I can't say
Selfish doesn't even begin to describe
His cheerfulness made sense in retrospect
Storage, bathroom, closet, I'll stuff you
The dissolution of all philosophical import
No one ever understands me *cries*
My hand brushes over warm flesh
My hands brush over warm flesh
What is his motive? Utter oblivion
What is god? The painfully cute
Reaping in places unseen. Motive unknown
The commonest mode of dominance elicitation
The brain goes to work incorporating
Endless liquid gold highway stretches out
Wake up! Wake up! She begged
His cheerfulness made sense in retrospect
Initially imperceptibly, math layer began shriveling
Lady gaga: latest semi flattening victim
"Game!" they cry. Her face falls
Ha ha ahaha haah ha ha
Hell is eternall house of mirrors
Brought fists to a knife fight.
She leaves the house. Grocery shopping.
What will i do with you?
She wraps him fast. He's helpless
Saran wrap color? Now stay still.
Saw his porn. It was hot
I love watching your ass as you walk
Rained all night kept me company
Country music is all that matters.
"You really shouldn't abuse acronyms..." "IDGAF"
Dont tell anyone, I am Batman
Pulled it from the trash....again.
Teleporter accident. Now I'm literally everywhere
That's just like your opinion man
I came, I saw, I conquered.
After drinking coffee, he became human.
"Sorry." "...No! Eye for an eye!"
PSA: Your vague sentences aren't "deep."
Damn, I threw up my uppers
Just a walk, see you later
Time will heal--I can not.
One small step for mankin..Whoa!
Let my love open the door
GOD IS DEAD. Am not responsible.
Pride for Lust, I Traded Sins
What do you know mankind lover
Repelled peace for this poetic melancholy
Smartest being ever to exist. Ama...
What will i do on earth?
Men are so innocent it's repulsive
"I repeat, there is no Jerusalem!"
Perception famed as slavery's antithesis hehe
Impossible to resist any appearant light
Ideas themselves beacons we helplessly pursue
Sadness etched in the words spoken.
In these stories, contractions are cheating.
A flame less hypnotic to moths.
Imagine....an existence without anyone's attention.
Unfortunately one's never unappealing to someone.
Its an accomplishment to be unappealing.
Everyone free to decide literally everything.
Self-excused former chessmaster munches chocolate alone
Even dead Gods have their detritivores.
God is dead. I'm responsible. AMA
I'm going to miss liking you...
"I wish you would've left sooner."
"Survived six word story! ...... Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek." Almost.
Unintentionally communicates in six word sentences.
God is dead. We are responsible.
Murderer's last meal was just dessert.
"I love you", he interrupted her.
Comfortable lethargy. Quit pot. Productive. Bored...
Philosopher contemplates shallow, muddy pond. Shudders.
Finally, my code is bug free...
"For the greater good..." He lied.
Philosopher contemplates shallow, muddy pond. Shudders.
Unspoken words often are the loudest.
At least her mom likes me.
No family or friends, only work.
He won the election. I moved.
"Just Married" but still HOV-2 ineligible.
Wedding dress: brand new, never worn.
Modern history summarized: WWI, WWII, www.
Less tears at his second funeral.
The impenetrable ivied fortress welcoming queen.
Sweet solitude hangs in the air.
I push them off again. Annoying.
"What will i do?" i wonder.
Their eyes shining in the moonlight.
"Mommy, stop! Stop!" they squeal, laughing.
I always come up short
Everyone's dead, but I'm not alone
I push them off for fun.
He wishes he'd never fired now.
Their presence will never annoy Me.
Annihilation, Devastation follow their mother wherever.
Then I quickly scale the roof.
I slaughtered them with much enjoyment.
I forgot how fun quicksand i
I beheld their intelligent gazes. Bye
They jumped into their mother's arms.
My kids will show you out.
You're pregnant! And the good news?
I'll just go without them today.
There is no "us" in "discrimination".
Where did i leave my glasses?
His loud voice. Cannot hear it.
Someones calling you. It was fun.
Go play with your friends now
For Sale: Used parachute, never opened
He glanced at the paper: Kate.
Watched his soul circle the drain.
My blind spot saw through me.
On bright side, im still disease-free
Never sucked his deformed dick. Sad!
Faked love to get dick sucked
Love you, Grandma. Rest in peace.
Last human alive hears voice outside.
When a man loves a woman...
Hitler's *Downtrodden* criticizes America joining USSR
"Young Anakin wasn't accepted?" smiled Palpatine.
Wife miscarried. Never been so happy.
Wife miscarried. Never been so happy.
My dissertation gift? Her engagement ring.
ARCTIC FLOTILLA: TRESPASSERS SHOT ON SIGHT
Is this sacramental bread kosher? Welcome.
North Korea ends. The broken remain.
"...your captain speaking. I'm committing suicide."
"Dictatorship was stable," the people muttered.
Then, third-generation foreigners wore armbands
He believed in his vision, once.
I don't have to pee anymore
Psychic fucked me and hasnt left
210, 220, 230, 240, 250, [...]
150, 160, 170, 180, 190, 200
90, 100, 110, 120, 130, 140
40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90
All the best rappers are dead.
The bats started following the light
Through every season, they were warm.
I, Ross, take thee Rachel... Emily!
The curtains closed. His mind opened.
He'd waited months. His letter arrived.
Growing up makes me very sad.
I am disappointed because it ended
I tried but you did not
Outdoor fanatic: Urine hot, Coke not.
The relationship ended. My jealousy didn't.
Then, third-generation foreigners wore armbands too...
He tried suicide. He got death.
They didn't notice I had left.
Christmas cards on desk...years old.
X-mas cards on desk, years old
I asked... you answered with silence.
The toughest days, yet to come.
Joined sub. Mostly not stories. Unsubscribed.
Alphabetically bound character denied escape, flees.
"Who are you?" "I don't know"
Keys on the table, I'm done.
Aspiring traveler with no steady income.
Time froze as the watch broke.
I will have used auxiliary verbs
Mom's five years gone. Feels longer.
Wanna end immigration? Make Trump president.
Being gay was never a "right".
Doing good things for wrong reasons
"You're dying" "So are you!" *bang*
Obituaries are an exercise in censorship
I smiled. Her dick got hard.
"Sorry about piggybank. IOU $6.52" - mommy
Dodge, Dive, Dip, Duck, and Dodge.
They mowed my secret path away.
Dreamt, dream girl saying "sweet dreams"
They threw bricks. He built castle.
They threw bricks. He built wall.
"Table for...2?" "Yes." Siamese twins.
He wept until he was heard.
Humanism course put me in debt.
Accidentally posted elsewhere. "Too little content".
Half my heart went with you.
This thread: no stories, just oneliners
"Isis to buy all note 7s"
On site attempting defuse...am colorblind.
This isnt a six word story
Play at the plate, Jays win.
"Is he dead?" "It is... complicated."
Gravestone said "Not related, fell in"
Convicted chicken: claims innocence, cries fowl.
She looks just like her mothers.
He heard abuse. But did nothing.
Finally relieved, he buried his son.
The love of my life: me.
"Hello" said Johnny "Goodbye" replied Death
Touched more lives dead than alive.
in the language that Noone hears
Man on wire, rival with scissors.
Freedom. Nobody wanted it this time.
"Grab Lady Liberty by the vagina!"
It's about that time. Ready sir?
No luggage, but tons of baggage.
Was that supposed to hurt me
Suicide bomber tied Samsung around waist.
Broken
Seven words do more justice than
'Reason for student absence?" "Funeral."
The invisible man's body image issues
What're your thoughts on abbreviations, Reddit?
You've her eyes; I miss her.
Small Hands, Orange Face, Huge Asshole
Daddy Fucked Me. I Loved It.
"Shh! If you talk they'll surely-"
Today, best friend. Tomorrow, best man.
Can smile, family finally sleeps soundly
You know who the realist is
Dad is literally a mother fucker
Tonight, best friend. Tomorrow, best man.
"Paper cuts hurt more than this."
People over there want your autograph.
A paid stranger wrote her obituary
Paper cuts hurt more than this.
Paper cuts hurt more than you.
The Samaritans put me on hold
I'd rather die than touch you.
Fuck now or a BJ first?
And gradually his cries grow fainter
He sucks another as a pacifier
The cocks up his ass soothe.
Faggot cries signing wife's divorce papers
Footsteps approach Family Snores No Morning
Dreams of mom lead to insomnia
and we said our last goodbyes.
Went alone to feel less alone.
I'm still waiting to wake up
One bullet: guaranteed end this addiction.
Threw a party nobody showed up
Whistled while I worked, got fired
He smiled as the rope slackened.
Regret set in as I jumped
Getting cut off is just the
Happiness was when she touched me
I gave Man fire and paid.
Your voice was my favorite lullaby.
Instead of shaming someone,restore them.
"Miss you" She said to stone
Pointless, unoriginal rebellion.
Ernest Hemingway: I'm ripping him off
So, this is how it ends...
I asked, She answered "I Do"!
Coitus interruptus... That's not my name.
They won't know I regretted jumping
Hey its ya boy skinny penis
Madness and Disease fell Usher's house.
Black Babies Cost Less To Adopt
For sale: baby casket, good condition.
I just want to be myself.
Pen touched paper, the universe began
Her first words were, "Where's daddy?"
I'm my imaginary friend's imaginary friend.
Indigo Children, immaculate spawning, "rise now."
And he'd just made his sandwich.
The sun awoke but he didn't.
It's fine. I just expected more.
What if only the dog survives?
Apparently, Snozzberries taste just like wallpaper.
Six word limit makes everybody depressing.
My neck, my back, both broke.
"Call a doctor!" "For you? Never."
You were my first. My only.
Pretty.. Until she opened her mouth.
I waited six years for this.
Networking, it's a really beautiful thing
Sorry about your friend Rick hehe
Acid blinds her. Family honor restored!
I held on for her life.
She does not live here anymore.
Free. No bed bugs just memories.
Her parents named her Jo Blob.
Acid blinds student. Her family celebrates,
6 word story
Leave her! Nothing you can do!
The meteor shot towards Earth, unnoticed.
Dark backroad, faked accident, cannibals waiting.
. . . hello . .. . yeah . . . . my dick's stuck again . .
Another notification. I'm hoping it's you.
Hes glad I didn't say "orange"
I burn books. They fire me.
Strangely, their blood feels cold. Huh.
"Put the blade down...for me?"
She bred. Then bled. He's mad.
After dark, the coffin lid opened.
"...wasn't that bad," he regretted, falling.
IAmA rapefugee raping everyone violently. AMA!
License and registration please, Mr. Mayor.
19th birthday: Ferrari. For 20th: Coffin.
Understudy regretted wishing, "Break a leg"
For sale: vacuum-cleaner. It doesn't suck.
Hehehe. Hehe. He he he he
He's rich. But nobody would know.
Currently 8+ boyfriends. He needs more.
Currently 4 girlfriends. He needs more.
Weeping into this mug of bleach.
Look at the time. It's 2:29.
This door was not open before.
My dreams are fueled by depression.
I'm stuck between dreams and depression.
A pacifist looks past the fist.
"FINISH IT," cried the pastry chef.
Russian Roulette. Who's next? Any takers?
Stressful job for stress-free life.
Firewood sale. Ivory and wire included.
For every penny earned, desire doubles.
Love, you taste like apples. ~ Snake
The Beginning
Science was hidden after the rapture.
Libertarian's house ablaze... 911 call pondered.
I unplugged him. Liked he asked.
I'm sorry, it just won't fit
There were trees, before the war.
Old, blind, hip displaytia, waggy tail
Don't forget to delete you clock
I--*bang!* don't...*bang!* understand.....*BOOM!*
Cant . escape. Doom. away escape. Tried
I'd love to love you again.
Returned from war. Couldn't forget it.
"You won't love me forever." "Watch."
"Just a summer fling" she sighed
nostalgia
Hard deciding when to stop orgasming.
"She will not stop smirking, sir."
Survived War, but not life after.
My dream girl: disappeared upon waking
"I prefer efficiency."
"Doctor, the patient won't stop smirking."
"Feeling motivated!!" she posted, binging Netflix.
. . . and then Lucifer punched Jesus' nuts . . . .
Well Lucifer, was it worth it?
My guilty pleasure? Other's home movies
"Quickly! He smells us, my lovelies."
I sure regret not having kids.
Can't reach surface I reluctantly inhale
Men in expensive suits describing poverty.
Do not trust anyone! Trust me.
"A favour" she said, looking away.
01/01/1863: Whipped slaves till morale improved.
can't breathe...so excited... behind you
"I miss you babe, come home..."
"I'll be spontaneous tomorrow morning, ok?"
Knife, meet girl. Girl, meet knife.
I *(bang!)* don't...*(bang!)* understand.....*(BOOM!)*
"That plane is too lo-"
Officer, why is your gun out?
One night. Two mistakes. Life sentence.
"Because I miss you. Happy now?"
Upstairs. Knock twice. Clean up after.
With leavening, he finally aged finely
An anagram of "obesity" is "getoffyourfatarse".
"Siri, how do I kill someone?"
Haiti just can't catch a break.
"see you tomorrow", famous last words.
I'n nobody. Are you nobody, too?
Maybe now they will care. Bang!
Help wanted. Must have small hands.
Absurdly, even nothing depends on something
The door should be right here.
"Stay down", as forearms his cramped.
"Reactor four seems hot..." "It's fine."
Dye the snow red. Bleed out.
He can't hurt you anymore, Dad.
Let me burn; pour the gasoline.
Today I was productive - made cells.
Sleepless nights went on for days.
I screamed. She laughed and continued.
I didn't forgave... I just forgot.
When she screams, the world stops.
- Is this hell? - Nope. You've reincarnated.
"Found the ticking," said Phil. boom.
"Overdosed at 56? Loser." Said teen.
The drawer empty, like his heart.
"Yes, but just take it slow."
"Yes, but just make it quick."
Six word stories became her forte.
the falling sun rose to night
No, the old days were poison.
Mars message translates "we gave up"
This was it, and I missed.
Dear God, please don't do it.
Ex-parents: "We have no gay son."
Come on! It was just your eye!
The flag was half mast again.
She couldn't hear over the hyperdrive
Honest cops? They're the rogue element!
Good cops? They're the rouge ones.
Saturday already, no email, still unemployed.
Hilarious tribute to Hemingway's six-word story.
Talking his way out the asylum
Beat cancer to dance at wedding.
The greenest grass is usually artificial.
Explosives expert seeking job in Samsung.
Flowers for Wife. Good for her grave
Mr. President, we need to talk.
Please ensure stories are six words
Everyday, it gets a little easier.
I wonder whose house I'm in.
Love has turned us into strangers.
That wasn't a stray chocolate chip.
Her willingness to satisfy became dissatisfying.
Third world problems became first priority.
Atheist said: we were here first.
FOUND: Wedding dress. Torn, but unworn.
Huh. That went better than expected.
Smoking a bowl. I am High.
Six Word Stories posters all die
Please kill me now spaghetti man
Forgot To Rinse Bath: Pubes Everywhere
queefing violently, she let out another
Had to do it to 'em
The end of days is decent
somebody once told me the world
Big Shit But No Toilet Paper
His words - worse than his fists.
One way ticket to Aokigahara forest.
Learned the hard way: Life's simple.
Hillary a bitch? Trump her son!
Fourty years together, first year alone.
Save the baby--sacrifice the sow.
Broke my heart; kept the glass.
"I do," he said, sweating, regretting.
With seconds to spare, firemen escaped.
Debate plusses: "Mommy, I can president."
My hormonal chick hates my nicknames.
I don't have anyone. Please stay.
Coughing softly, he lit another one.
What happened to a third party??
Pianos always terrified the pianist. Always.
I don't really care--Love, God
"Don't worry, I already have AIDS."
What the hell have I become?
Hello, God? Cut it out already
He happily attended his own funeral.
She wanted freedom for one night.
Faced with sin, the depression unfolds.
/r/sixwordstories: no happiness allowed in here.
The month ends, target not met.
100,000,000,000 humans. Evacuation: To Be Announced.
"Fuck it," said Satan. Copied Heaven.
I watched his final breath leave.
Her eyes low, "Yes, Your Honor."
Twenty men jumped; twenty corpses landed.
She won; but he didn't lose.
Secrets spilled swollen lips sewn shut
She claimed she'd been pregnant already.
"You brought this on yourself" *Click*
that some pretty gay shit m8
Don't paint her blue again, Dad.
"What got stolen, miss?" "My virginity"
She decides what's fair to me.
Drug user shamed. His poverty? Unaddressed.
Tuesday hate. Thursday death. Friday love.
She seduced me, woke up robbed
"My mind means nothing to me."
"Take my experiences, give me youth!"
"Take my memories, give me youth!"
He's the child that everybody forgot.
Insufficient data for a meaningful answer
Clicky little down button click click
I wish whoever downvotes, used words 
10 thousand foot narrow rock tower
Explosives among homemade stuffed animal piles.
This sub has been funny lately.
There's no paradise waiting for me...
She got married. I wasn't there.
Still can't believe it's over already
You're sterile, you can't be pregnant.
You will read this sentence twice.
Dear liver, it's my birthday again.
It was fun while it lasted
I slip fishhooks in your cheeks
Her silky blood caressed my hands
She stabbed through her mom's forehead.
Quit worrying. It's not worth it.
Six word story
100 % health just the beginning
I'd rather read a book lmao
Going to start exercising! Maybe tomorrow.
*Throws a fucking blanket over cage*
Suicide Pills: Now available in bottles
He is not allowed outside actually.
He's not allowed to have friends.
After 12 cans, there's a can't.
Spoiler: the world doesn't end, yet.
6... 5... 4... 3... 2... WAIT!!!
Tried simplifying love. Became more confused.
Your perfume tells me you're thirsty.
She got really comfortable and cozy.
Tried drowning sorrows. They swam free.
This town's not fit for habitation.
You're not wearing enough blue gingham.
Man mistakes lamppost for his mother.
His children unwillingly painted town red.
New York! Bright lights, big city!
I have an hour to kill.
"That looks awfully like a meteori--"
Set me free. Let me be.
Disease tourism hits all time low
Author accused of killing his darlings.
In cooler alternate reality, everything's complex.
Gave blood...lost job as Dracula.
Gave blood...lost job as Dracula.
In cooler alternate reality, everything's complex.
Work or family? He chose neither.
Drugs are bad, so's your poverty.
He heard his family disintegrating downstairs.
"Disgruntled Conspiracy Theorist Engineers Reptilian Humanoids."
Gave blood...lost job as bartender.
My hyperbole exam was truly EXCRUCIATING!!!
Shasta Cola! You must be rich!
In his memory, they all blurred.
There never, never was a "they"
I remember, but they are forgot.
He was more than half faggot
Failure taught him more than success.
There is no "us" in "unloved".
One marriage. Plot twist: No divorce!
Today's workout involved sixty three yawns.
Didn't dial 999. Then appeared headlines.
I wished for this. Now what?
Back then, we had 'the internet.'
Favourite child? No! My hate's equal.
A blind dog's nightmare: rearranged furniture.
My nigga you just got roasted!
Cold water reminds her she's alive.
Love, the worst and best feeling
Yeah, you can call me that.
Suck it dry before it dies.
Shame, her lips cold to his.
Six word stories. ~11 here now.
"One kids meal," said Jerry Sandusky.
I am a piece of trash.
Six words was really never enough.
Welcome to /r/depressionsimulator2016. Afterwards, visit /r/helpmecope.
How richly they could have loved!
Even the dog had left her.
I don't trust my virtual assistant
Poor. But somehow wealthy at bars.
There's nothing to "recover" back to
Dreams achieved, but not by me.
She left without even deodorant, yuck.
colorless green ideas sleep furiously . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . huh?
From birth to death we're free
The voices in my head disagree
mmhhnn
"I do." "Proceed with the execution."
Your thoughts is what you are.
"UFO not stopping. Ramming ISS. Goodbye."
Three shooting stars later, still alone.
There shooting stars later, still alone.
"What, zombies plan?" " Yeah, they're evolving"
Black children cost less to adopt
He was 2 inches too short.
Quarrelling parents name newborn Adolf Jesus.
True life is waiting, after death.
Empty Bottles: no life at bottom.
Head on over to /r/SanctionedSuicide/ everyone.
Suicide can be painless and fast.
On medication? Consider ending your life.
Typically curable, fatal to compromised individuals.
Finally, she was one carat lighter
Climate change solved; 5 billion euthanized.
Martian crew of four. Four graves.
Yesterday: a house. Today: a cemetery.
Climate change solved; 5 billion euthanized.
Home alone. Toilet seat feels warm.
Mousetrap? Free cheese and a challenge.
Soylent Green goes great with Sriracha!
Climate change solved; 5 billion euthanized.
Mousetrap? Free cheese and a challenge.
Yesterday: a house. Today: a cemetery.
Six entered space. Only four returned.
11. Thou shalt not follow lunacy.
Beneath the coffin, his first smile.
Climate change solved; 5 billion euthanized.
Death has sewn my lips shut
I need more locks and walls
I only see them on weekends
Two hearts are better than one
Martian crew of four. Four graves.
His bigotry's dependent upon his sobriety.
Angst angst angst, angst angst angst.
Soylent Green goes great with Sriracha!
Home alone. Toilet seat feels warm.
All her thoughts left her body
Blind date, no show, check please.
"Reality called, they want your happiness."
Unfortunately, you don't have proper credentials.
Remember me when all is lost.
It was red. No green!
Entre nous, silence signifie differentes choses
Entre nous, silence signifie diffrentes choses.
Ne sais pas si c'est utile
Heroes are for people in denial.
True heroes do not seek recognition.
J'aime vraiment perdre du temps. Toi?
Je me souviens avoir dit cette
"Heroes are for people in denial."
There was only a loud silence.
Eliminated every toxic particle by consumption.
Revenge was my motivation for love.
Took you long enough, she thought.
An infinite bloom of idiotic humans.
He shoved her face into toys.
Took you long enough, she thought.
He only gets hard saying sorry.
Guess whose eye the sun is?
We haven't talked for 8,439,266,930 days.
He listed off his demands, quietly.
Took you long enough, she thinks.
Took you long enough, she mouthed.
"Looks like a good refuge," they thought.
They transform them all into nurses.
Simultaneously exiting and entering room forever.
She simulates his nightime with sheets.
"Report her for suspicious activity, please."
"Took you long enough," she repeated.
Victory speech and defeat speech identical.
You be you, I'll be Me.
"3...not &gt;3, maybe 2."
She liked watching him fuck rodents.
Men's only playable reality is non-sexual.
Ever been with a perfect driver?
To calm himself, thinks about Norway.
"Parents in love?" asks serial murderer.
Many different philosophers I have known.
They like things tied in bows.
r=1-sin(): (0, 2)
r=1-sin(): (1, 2)
"Save for a rainy day" -Plato
Each thought other had upper hand.
Nintendo throws real cute dev funerals.
Should I pull third teeth set?
She ties off quadruple amputees' stumps.
"Life is inherently blissful," said mom.
Guard dog hears intruder's "good boy."
Attack dog bit her. "Good boy."
You'll need credentials to sadden me.
I said fish. This is prosciutto.
Race Car on Dirt: a Memoir
His skull is her bowling ball
We played "Nightcrawlers" one last time
I feel like I should go
I think I should stay
A time bomb in my stomach
Can't fix myself in a night
Radio interview failed. Try plan B.
Desperation chasing me into the night
I'm a quiet kind of violent
These traps serve means more sinister
Earth's orbit was never actually stable.
Eyes dripping blood flung into air
He follows a wind-borne angelic voice
Instinctually, he nears cliff edge. Windy
Blinded, his hands feel endless thorns.
Behind thorn bush, another thorn bush.
I said chicken. This is fish.
Forgiveness is truly a godly quality.
"What would a normal person do?"
Result-oriented dynamical systems lead coordinator speaking.
Nothing but pure and wholesome entertainment.
My back - A sheath for knives.
So, You Have HIV: Next Steps
Her eyes kept the world still.
"Mum, what's equality?" "No idea, honey."
Woke up. From my own piss.
...working phone but no incoming calls
My life in one word: Peculiar.
Questioning motives has kept me alive.
Drunk, he texted that other ex.
Negan killed someone. Spoilers killed everyone.
Maybe... a try... there truly is?
Now she really can't resist me.
She was here. He was not.
You're my daughter. Act like it.
I dropped her flowers and ran
"Imagine yourself the silhouette." "Seemingly human?"
You showed me who I was.
The coffin's owner. Only person smiling.
Wanted a child. But got two.
Slept in the ward with dad.
I did it. Discovered being happy.
Cannibal hosted dinner. Guest on table.
"Grandpa, what's a season?" "A what?"
"Marry me?" he asked his coffee.
A man alone, carrying a coffin.
Private eye cracks yet another case.
Behind closed doors, they didn't love.
You were supposed to be better.
He hurt me; He felt hurt.
Who are these people? Not friends...
A man alone, who carried a coffin.
Ejaculating really gets me down, man.
I lost 7lbs. My poor girl.
Basketball player died. Limousine now required.
Only on graveyards i feel love.
He became king at age 5
He fell. He bled. She mourned.
The sensation of claws against skin.
In my ward, an old friend.
This ward should remove the "d".
Her eyes smiled as I died.
She was traditional. He was impatient.
For free: headphone jack, useless shit.
Unwillingly, they lived day by day.
Living inward, causes one to implode!
DMV Test, six months till rest
Last thing he learned: his name
I can not do this anymore
Today I quit smocking twenty times.
Married for money...killed for love.
They conspire to keep me paranoid
"Suicide and homicide, sir... She's pregnant "
"Childless" felt better the first time.
More "Law and Order?" Yeah, sure.
I will never forget those eyes.
"Young Ambitious, Old Worn, Gone forgotten."
"Horizontal for attention; vertical for results."
How did you..... BECAUSE I'M BATMAN!
"Date? Sure, if you were attractive."
The complacent humans didn't expect extinction
"No Regrets" inked the discount tattooist.
With Sincere Condolences - Mars Mission Controll
A life crusading, but never vindicated.
Where are you from? No, originally?
"Answer me in six word stories!"
I died. Humanely, but never fair.
Wish I was porn for him.
Addicted to pain - a dangerous game.
Their Love, Electronic. Sleeping Alone, Yearning.
I don't exercise. I'm a somnambulist.
"No one missing you" is right.
Earth growing warmer; humans at fault.
Trump says: election rigged. I won?
Millions of push-ups. Suicides still happening.
His cunning alas, changed my mind.
I watched them dig my grave.
I guess that one's on me.
Your baby photos were once beautiful.
"Love me." "Say please." "Please?" "OK."
Past's my favorite place to go
Cod am pizza ship voice recognition
love
"Oh God, David...it's so small"
I loved her, now she does.
Happiness, depression - my yin and yang.
"Refugees need our help" Clicked like.
My happiness is like a unicorn.
More and more of the same.
"I need you," he said, once.
Married. Lonely. Willing to pay double.
Tomorrow, I'll wish it was today.
He said, "go away." He forgot. (AND OTHERS)!!!
You get used to being forgotten
Say something you mean, for once.
Bored... Clicking Random repeatedly in Reddit
I don't believe in my future.
For sale: left AirPod, used once.
Slowly, friends started to drift away.
Communal property begs for private relationship
His first impression's often his last.
Eights hours to six. Cold bed.
Insect collector misses work. Got bug.
Man finds love after winning millions!
I won't give up on me.
I don't have much time, listen--
No rebel doth go past six--
We led them to the sea.
They made promises with machine guns.
But she turned the oven off!
She upvotes everything in r/childfree happily.
Listening never really was my style.
I left on a silent night.
He was right, so I left.
Sometimes paranoia makes sense, like now.
This time I won. He lost.
Hypochondriac died. Nobody believed his pain.
Rock bottom was always the goal.
The adoption centre don't do refunds.
Dating premature ejaculator. It won't last.
Door's open?! But I locked it!
I locked it! How'd it open!?
It's unfair: hardly careless, entirely pregnant.
A peasant at home, king abroad.
Unsuccessful psychiatrist becomes a renowned exorcist.
Confusion between punto and puto.
I should have told him sooner.
Dad unlocked my door. Periods stopped.
Bright side was choosing the wig.
I still think about the baby.
Mom's home and she's sober again?
How many percent old are you?
Moments away from being called Dad.
It's her best 30th birthday yet.
Tomorrow, I'll be known as "Frederico".
In five minutes I'll be unmarried.
My attempt at a story.
Held my child. Then my wife.
"Quick, hide! Your dad's coming home!"
Pickpocket forgot to check his own.
Years? We measure age as percentage.
"Daddy, why sun is getting bigger?"
Nobody turned up for her party.
Spent all day (re)writing my story.
BREAKING NEWS: SENSATIONALISM OFF THE CHARTS!
Hi dad, I'm stoned. High too!
She had a lot of success
It hurts to feel no pain.
I wanted freedom... to do nothing.
That's the worst that can happen
Sometimes I miss being actually happy.
"Trust me". I did. He's gone.
Plane crashed. Towers collapsed. Never returned
Table for four. Meal for one.
Goodbye my child. I was Dad.
My achievement was just turning up?
A hopeless romantic. Refuses to commit.
I'm pretty sure I live alone
My daughter never heard my apology.
She loved him. He loved H.
Old newspaper headline reads: "Visitors arrive!"
Tip for success: Don't be me.
She offered. He denied. Homewrecker insists.
Who knew bodies weighed that much?
She knew they'd never suspect her.
"People call you crazy? I'm Dad"
She's really all I have left.
And then...there were only two.
Why... Am I watching One Piece?
Summer faded. And so did he
Summer faded, just like he did.
Couldn't talk him out of it.
Predator drone self-destruct activated. Homing...
Two Planes. 3,000 lives ended instantly.
Don't call me crazy, I'm happy.
He fell and couldn't get up.
Phone rings. Dad called. I faint.
The end of humanity already happened
I awoke from a simulated reality
The predictability of jail comforted him
Testament: nothing for my only son!
Perpetual dragon eats it's tail infinitely.
He is lying...Next to her.
Kitty purs at 'mommy's' second heartbeat
I'm not a stranger to rejection
she tried her best. still jumped.
It's haunting there's nothing worth wanting
I do not play by the rules
For sale: graduation gown, never worn.
Volume louder. I'm stronger. Help me.
Positive? She hasn't even had her period.
"Don't grieve" she said, then vanished.
Don't blink. Blink and you're dead.
Beginning, Six, Middle, Word, Story, End.
Alone. Blink. Motion. Turn. Creak. "Alone."
Breathing, not feeling. Alive, not living.
One "Happy birthday". Sent from ex.
Grandma asked if she could die.
The face in the mirror laughed.
Fridge full. But nothing to eat.
Wait. Why's the tigerantula's cage empty?
Dancing in the cementary, among friends.
Son retaught me shaving after accident.
"I love you." "Not this again."
Eventually, Aang had to bury Appa.
Hawking tells Doctor, "YOU. WILL. OBEY."
Every Summer, heat record is broken
Badly wanted divorce until her death.
Darkness is beautiful, my dear knife.
Black is beautiful... my dear knife.
Everything turned out ok this time.
Who'd believe her? His second victim.
Nothing about me is about me.
For sale: Airpod Earbud, single ear.
Feared for the worst. Still alive.
So many regrets with these changes..
Knievel almost made the jump. Almost.
Better hurry, your mom's yelling something.
Learning how to train your... *HELP!*
There is no "u" in loyal.
I discovered I'm the imaginary friend.
He said, "I'm sorry." She agreed.
"Want a MOMMY!" Both dads flinched.
She walked in. His eyes followed.
The forgetful surgeon checked his pockets.
PM imprisoned for raping a nation.
Lost generation gets drunk. Still lost.
Drank a beer,lived without her.
Most of the casualties were children..
"And what's Aleppo?" answered Johnson, masterfully.
"Want a MOMMY!" Both Dads flinched.
I have fat fingers? FYVK OFF
Killed his wife. For his book.
Their story ended right about here.
She was out in the free.
Hungry. Can't decide what to eat.
Construction will cease by this Friday
Allstate Flood Insurance finally found God.
'God isn't real' said the Pope
He has a gun, Mister President!
Whatever you do, you're still beautiful
You're leaving? I'll help you pack.
My sister's murderer sleeps next door.
She makes me laugh-cry... and piddle
Jason cried into his girlfriends pillow.
She murdered him, *then* they reconciled.
After him, she became a lesbian.
I don't reply. He won't stop.
One country, two systems. Just kidding.
"Never say never again" "Ok, never"
Badly needed divorce until she died.
Badly wanted divorce until she died.
Only thing I know is leaving
There was once a happy ending
"Stop Procrastinating". Saved to Read Later.
Gun clasped; "On my way out!"
Death never knew what hit him
Unemployed. Divorced. But didn't give up.
Sorry, this home isn't getting wrecked.
Shaved, showered, lingerie, toys- EPIC Sex.
SHE SAID YES... to splitting check.
"....lunch for you." "Go away Mom"
Foresight is: buying suits while happy.
Belle ended up loving a furry.
"Just getting some milk", Dad said
Kids are out? Let's go upstairs.
Good music. My favourite drinking partner.
Everything in moderation. Submission no.1340.
"You are a bad actor." "Thanks."
Lost Dog: golden retriever. Never retrieved.
"President Trump" jokes became horror stories.
"But Mr. President-" "That's DOCTOR President."
Solo, "Picard, Goa'uld-skinjobs reaving TARDIS!"
She forgot to lock the door.
Rather you hate me than yourself
I was homophobic. Now I'm homo.
Who is misleading my voodoo doll?
R/writingprompts sucks, but the submissions in r/sixwordstories make great prompts
Baby Harry was scarred for life.
My 'before' picture has no 'after'.
My hands. Mother. Father. Their blood.
"Checking out? So soon!" Next job.
You couldn't save her. Too bad.
In the end, freedom was overrated.
The box was sealed from inside.
Lead a horse to water? Neigh.
She's sexy in clothes. Sexier without.
Blindfold removed, more darkness loomed.
Husband had a stroke. Then came.
Should I even bother trying anymore?
Phasing through walls got old, fast.
There's no home with out you
"None of the above" wasn't allowed.
"I'm being IGNORED," yelled Lena, randomly.
School starts next week, I realized.
Tried Catholicism. A tough day indeed.
He forgot the house always wins.
Read bible. Average. Needed character development.
I'm free, yet, hold myself hostage
I'm free but hold myself hostage
Who was their last president? Trump
Could almost feel my hands again
Nobody escaped. Their cries were silenced.
I want to have your abortion.
Never going to give you up.
1 ai, 1 goal, 1 unforseen deduction and 0 humans
The dead don't leave bad reviews
Billions raced. One reached. That's You.
Billions raced. One reached. That's You.
If only Internet Memes solved everything.
If only internet memes solves everything
Final lesson: It's not about lessons.
In the end, we just restart.
The cure existed this entire time?
Lost: Dream Girl. Last-seen: Nightmares.
Dream girl, starring in my nightmares
On words, never stronger than hate
Beer is the death of me
Money can't buy happiness! [citation needed]
Whole neighborhood knows she wasn't faking
I made the Devil do it.
Unaccompanied first day of school photo.
Breaking: Nestle hikes breathable air rates.
Your name's different when I'm angry.
Some watches aren't for the time.
My body brings me bad memories.
Their hands acted as their subtitles.
Success tastes bitter. It's the vodka.
Police drove off. Suspect said, "Thanks".
She lied, so we would last.
10 years prior: "Online dating?...Loser!"
Japanese bukka...Shit, this isn't google.
In her will she left me
The real world is awfully fake.
"I'll call you back," she rushed.
What did you expect?
Suicide bomber's last thought. ' Fucked up'
Suicide bomber's last thought. ' Fucked up
Suicide bomber's last thought. ' Fucked up'
Suicide bomber's last thought. ' Fucked up'
I am trying to be nice
I could never love you now...
Alliterative Anisodiametric A six word haiku
A few 6 word stories I made.
We were arch enemies until Paris
They still always ask about you.
He's lighthearted. Most was ripped away.
"You're going places," said the murderer.
Alcohol makes the world go round.
They're moving? Quick, hide the truck!
Tried yoga. Sprained back. Tried yoga.
She grew distant. He grew outwards.
Name's Rick, this is my shop
She drowned herself trying to breathe
He's only been touched by doctors.
She died inside, while he laughed
I can't comfort you. Not anymore.
Tornado turned neighborhood acquaintances into families.
Aliens have no anuses... Don't ask...
Our Snapchat streak ended at 364
Plagiarist? No, I'm victim of cryptomnesia.
"For sale: dad sandals, socks included."
Trump elected today. Impeachment begins tomorrow.
Hawking proves bacon can create wormholes.
Had threesome with wife's friend. Divorced.
I died. But she didn't care.
Oh, don't you know rule 34?
In another universe, things worked out.
Mother-to-be cries. Newborn didn't.
Am I me, or just pretending?
No longer tasting your lithium kiss
Earth is gone, we are not.
Dad, pay our son's child support.
Planted farther north. Still inhospitable climate.
Wonders. Admits. Confess. Falls. Off cliff.
1812, Napoleon. 1941, Hitler. 2070, Armageddon.
I just googled Where's Wally? 404.
On bad weeks, he examines ABV.
New mother cries. Newborn too, finally.
Got to go, shooter hears me.
Cannibal said the clown tasted funny.
Texas has seceded from the Union.
On hold with suicide hotline. Bang.
"Enemy in range!". "So are we"
Wrote article about 404, never read.
"You're my favorite mistake," she said.
and just like that, it's over.
"Wait, there really is a heaven?"
Plagued by doubt; Priest swings noosed.
Tardy cannibal given the cold shoulder.
Blind men type on broken keyboards.
She fed me lies. I ate.
The psychic bought me life insurance.
We're strangers now. I miss her.
Expected causes of death: suicide (100%)
Welcome to the pearly gates, Gene.
Went down in history. Boring lesson.
Fuck me. Fuck up. Fuck him.
Drywall is up. Nobody will notice.
Her sister died on their birthday
Pikachu officially extinct: energy shortages imminent
Her inhaler was out of reach.
A cannibal makes his wife dinner.
The fool gave her another chance.
Dispair
We were sore the next morning
Basketball: throw up and pass out.
"No treatment: relentless course, death inevitable."
Juxtapositions, to me they're old news.
I pulled the plug. He gasped.
Your subscription to HOPE has expired.
Your subscription to HOPE^TM has expired.
I'm just glad to see sunrise.
With her dignity, but without clothes.
Fucking cancer. Everybody knows somebody somewhere.
Birthday suits: exclusively worn, differently adorned.
Birthday suit: forever adorned, subjectively scorned.
11:12. Wish didn't come true
Goodbye, my brother. Remember our birthday.
I've had enough. Let's get divorced.
Notable inmates? No one I know.
Smoking weed really helps cure depression!
You think this will work, dude?
Stole my heart, saved her life.
Slothful, gluttonous, weighty breaths. Strained, breathless.
Slothful, gluttonous, heavy breaths. Endeavoured, breathless.
Returned phone, got a new number.
Lost phone, have a new number.
Read fitness plan. Burnt 782 calories.
Burnt 500 calories reading new fitness plan.
Eyes squinting. Hand moving. Shot fired.
She's my daily dose of caffeine.
Flatted to deceive. Lied on CV.
Chicken commits suicide. Other side: unattainable.
Forgot her birthday, unintentional surprise party.
Her son stepped on every crack.
Happy story? Well, Trump loses election.
World's oldest man wishes to die.
I don't get homesick. I can't.
No... Jesus Christ, it's Jason Bourne!
The moon had doubled its size.
We're the fossil that nobody's found.
Oh no...that wasn't a fart.
"It's hopeless," sighed mankind's eventual savior.
Therapist wants date. Who's crazy now!?
Bird pooped on me. Foe's resurrection?
Cut it off. Do it quick.
"Oh god - where'd the refrigerator go?
finger snap pointing fingers with sunglasses
Don't worry, Mommy is in Heaven...
"*Six* words? *Mind* the attention span!"
I've grown to hate my barber.
I forgot something at the shop
Balloon returns years later, lifting spirits
I write six word stories, AMA.
Mowed lawn. Closer to you now.
No! No! Stop! I'm still alive!
"I'll teach you things," said LSD.
Liked your baby pictures. Past tense.
I told everyone I'm not vegan.
Warm blankets on a winter night
One empty gun. One false promise.
"Adieu," we kissed. She said "enchant"
Did you feel that? Interesting. Again!
What a time to be awake
Starving kitten rescues local man
A man became a boy overnight.
Our governm- be right back. Doorbell
She asked for her late husband.
Her shadow smiles more than her.
Describe the suspect...from waist up.
My bookshop inquiry scared the owner.
Bookshop inquiry. "Don't have it..." owner frowned.
I won't charge you for that.
"What's the book's title?" "Stephen King"
"Cannibal Recipes???" ... "Wait! I'm an author."
Good guys win! ... Aleppo's prized rubble.
Imaginary lines on land caused wars
The devils been here for years
We found a new planet, earth
Wars. Weapons. My value, that's all.
For sale: Box of condoms, unused.
Hearing test? Never heard of that.
Fridge is empty, everyone is sad.
Today, soaring skies. Yesterday, tightest hugs.
College taught me drugs are cheap.
"S-second date?" I stuttered. She smiled.
Threw shit at wall. Bedroom stinks.
Millipede goes shoe shopping. Spends fortune.
The psychic gasped...is that bad?
I miss my home. My cellmate.
The middle of the bed's warmest.
Friend. Then fiend. Then end. RIP.
Last wishes: please incinerate my computer
His guitar warmed the city walkers.
No P's, no Q's. Well, FU.
Hungover, found suicide letter in pocket.
He's disappeared, and now I'm lost
Biggest weakness? How long we got?
Six words? Go tell the birds.
She outlived me......by a little
Wrote story about suicide; karma gained.
Put on condom, never used it
Do-hyphenated-words-count-as-one?
Blue eyed parents, brown eyed baby.
"Finally", she gasped "one last kiss."
Her dolls are whispering again . . . fuck!
I hear shit that's not there.
Can't sleep - dreams will kill me.
Sleep deprived. That's two words, right?
Dipping feet in; testing air's temperature
"I got this," his tombstone read.
"Hey, it's me-" she hangs up.
The dragon roar. The villagers ran.
Don't worry; he's just an animal.
"And here is my silence machin-"
*Hibernation terminated. The year is 3567.*
I can't hear it's too dark
Impact in four, three, two, one...
"I won't shoot," Officer Wilkes lied.
"Where Are You?" Said Helen Keller
Breaking news often leaves many broken.
You Don't Say: Helen Keller's Story
Air bag didn't appear. Tears did.
Apparently I'm 'naive', whatever that means.
Just six words? That's not enough
This sub is not that deep
one ghost rider? I count dozens!
Raising a family: guide to necromancy
A white baby! Mine? After all?
7.4 billion around. Still feeling lonely.
7.4 billion around. Still feeling lonely.
So I hit redial, and waited.
This subreddit makes me very sad.
If only you were here sooner....
Do you remember your twin sister?
Last night's subwoofer...location: my head.
Are stars supposed to grow bigger?
I like her too, but go
Well, he was a trumpet major.
"DO NOT TOUCH", written in braille.
Crawled out. Boom. She's still inside.
Clearance Sale: Never Warm, Baby Milk
Naked Donald Trump statues scar America
The footsteps ended at the edge.
Open POF, my date's "Online Now"
Blood on my hands, no regrets.
Pills, he took one too many.
Finish letter. Turn on ignition. Wait.
"...literally blew my mind!" My condolences.
Zombies with BBQ sauce. Good eatin!
Joined the army, never came home.
His heart beat again, through her.
My parents died today, yours too
Their transient existence was finally over.
I'll always count on this subreddit
Expressing its unrequited love: "A I R B A G - D E P L O Y E D"
Houdini's coffin shut with extra nails.
Flower blooms. Bird flown. Barricade tape.
She left. I left. Memories stayed.
Bombardments become deadlier, nightmares more vivid.
The world is smaller than before.
One-to-one time &lt;&gt; 12:59 date - Engineering guidance.
Woke up. Wrote letter. Tied noose.
Today seemed like a nice day.
Zoo staff find Harame's tomb empty.
Our Dad's temper brought us closer
Took paracetamol, went to bed early.
You are not worth a bullet.
"Did you hear about Bill Murray?"
my heart is a colored pencil//but my mind is an eraser
"Can't afford second guesses, your Honor."
Even the flies stopped coming by
My son thinks Olympians drive Audi.
Hillary uses f-word, poll ratings nosedive.
I'm too scared to kill myself
"My eyes're up here..." "Gravitational lensing!"
Trump uses n-word, poll ratings skyrocket.
Suicide hotline hung up on me
Suicide hotline hung up on me.
There they stood at the edge
Virgins sold here: Trade-in guns special.
"Yes?", she replied, "Who are you?"
They blushed as aliens probed them.
I could use a good coma.
"Hold my beer!" ... then he vanished.
"Why is my front door unlocked?"
Plum: 1 Me: 0 Better luck next time.
Before stepping on, always pee first.
Argued with dentist, blending food now.
Spent hour writing, page still blank.
Avoiding that fifth gylph is fun!
Her heart tasted just as lovely.
i cant keep my own secrets
how tragic your existence is, darling
"Ever been shot?" "No. Why?" *click*
Our eyes locked. Earth stood still.
"Hello?", he whispered into the darkness.
Words cut deeper than a sword.
First car. Two texts. Three dead.
The world will turn without me
Best friend, girlfriend, fiance, divorcee, unfriended.
I still love my heart's breaker.
He remembered nothing, but she did.
No make up? "Are you sick?"
Reverend covered in blood. Not his.
Bound by promises to stay alone
Finally sat next to her. Married.
Big words make it seem longer.
Grass grew from only friend's face.
Bow to me, my loyal subjects!
"No boat, Noah. Fire next time"
"Hipster beards 'possibly parasites affecting taste'"
Wanted: Crossword ______ 1) Particularly skilful
Humanity forgot me and was destroyed
Werewolf devours rapests, paedophiles, peanut butter
I like his eyes. Take them.
Dreamt I finally left my girlfriend
Jealous rival slanders bionic-armed journalist
A misunderstood god actually hates cigarettes.
Misunderstood God actually hates cigarettes.
Mum, Please don't be worried but....
Rival wins Pulitzer, credits new arm.
My watering can is 37 percent.
Writer loses arm through jealous rival.
The dog wakes, the silence breaks.
But still you must keep dancing
You gave me everything except space.
Rape case dismissed; victim found missin'.
So he asked; had enough yet?
Messed up
They watched. They waited. They cheered.
Two Words: I Can't Count
Eight wheels. One survivor. One bottle.
She would have been called "Lily".
My sexual preference? Someone who cares.
If you jump, I'll jump too
If we sink, we sink together.
You're mine. Bought and paid for.
Ghost Hemingway is haunting this sub.
Ooh Ah Ah Ah Ah 
"I'm your son" he explained again
Got caught looking; she smiled back!
Don't you know? We're all fucked
Why do happy stories get downvoted?
One day they will remember us
All Slick wanted was a beer...
What's with all the negativity here?
The bad news? It wasn't cancer.
Six bullets. One for each lie.
Sunshine is so limited in scope.
Good things never come in sixes.
Her tears were tears of joy.
The dead linger. They watch us.
Youre perfectly safe, I lied, trembling.
She survived. Now she wants revenge.
Goods guys win... Aleppo's prized rubble.
"Don't cry, Princess...Daddy loves you."
Goods giys win Aleppo's prized rubble.
Come on, this isn't my eyeball!
Status 'Busy'. 'Last seen' every minute.
Fading memories leaving only the love
In love and constructing forever memories
A quiet boy, covered in blood.
Damn, Can this sub brighten up?
Behind the curtains Oz touched himself.
Behind the curtains, Oz touched himself.
The prophecy spelled doom for all.
The misunderstanding spelled doom for all.
The trophy case held only dust
but then, he thought, fuck it
Gentle creaks softly tore his heart
"Meow!" the cat cried, forever misunderstood.
The author didn't write the book.
the famous writer didn't write anything
Crack! And that's all she wrote.
Jokingly voted Hitler. Counted for Trump.
Urgent: feature needed; 'last seen with'
I'm not paranoid if I'm right.
She closed her eyes , it began
The faded sign reads, "Coming Soon!"
Would you kindly release another Bioshock?
Everyday could be your "one day."
Oscars: "Best Character" replaces "Best Actor"
last seen yesterday at funeral visitation
Virtual creature caught while fleeing offline.
Don't use butter as a lubricant
That's strange, did I eat corn?
Tried Selling Teddy Bear For Food
I've never seen my own face.
For sale: Mom's dildo, heavily used
A White Flag. Well, Slightly Coloured.
I buried my friends... it sucked
Their untimely death led to mine
I dug a shallow grave, again
"...always here for you." from [deleted]
"...always be here for you." from [deleted]
"What are you, deaf?" ....Silence.
Vampire hunts predator stalking vampire hunter.
"Not enough storage space to download"
Like he was waiting for chocolate.
"Your unlimited data has ended." "Huh?"
Do you still do the Bartman?
"When are you due?" "...I'm not."
Yes! Yes!! YES!! Oops. Oh no...
First bottle of whisky. Finished alone.
Fuck her right in the pussy.
Long since heard a baby's death.
"Why him? Not me?" sobs father.
No more jokes in the table
Tied a knot today. Worked well.
First gig tonight. Just me.
"hello my best friend: mirror man"
Born a Soviet, died a Russian.
hello my best friend. mirror man.
Life...
This morning, with her, having coffee.
"You didn't notice me." - "I did."
Everything takes time. Time takes everything.
Condom broke. Fucked up. Family now.
"Voting matters," cried self-chosen masters.
"I'm bilingual." "Does that include cunnilingus?"
You like that, you fucking retard?
A box? , I was the ant.
The best type of Roc(k) flies.
Roman goes bowling, cousin's not there.
"Sorry. Bye." Gravity did the rest.
Santa outsources manufacturing, elves vote Trump.
He blocked the bomb using himself.
Rapture has Come: All Left Behind
Olympic silver medalist snatches daughter's gold.
So few words? Need to brainstorm.
Bathed in blood while she bled.
Dream it. Believe it. Achieve it.
Hit list becomes his bucket list.
Olympic silver medalist snatches daughter's gold.
Beats by Dr.Dre? Ah! that nigga.
"I have never lied," he lied.
Son, your preference isn't a flaw.
IPhone fingerprint helped I.D the body.
My dream's to be a....lone
Olympic silver medalist snatches daughter's gold.
I died on a Thursday night.
Death allowed me to live, finally
Our universe was created then destroyed
When I was born life began
Carved my name where nobody saw.
Rewrote my autobiography. Still rather bland.
Wasn't rich. Wasn't famous. Didn't care.
Comedy is my depression coming out
why do I have to be?
The ventriloquist died, leaving me speechless.
..but you can't do the same
I left Earth three days ago.
Random acts of kindness are addicting!
He knowingly lied to his congregation.
Honeymoon period. Fittingly, sweetest at nighttime.
Sexism isn't funny. Just like women.
Olympic silver medalist kisses daughter's gold.
His bucket list includes 'Visiting Mars'
His bucket list includes "visiting Mars"
I'm the skeleton in my closet.
I'd kill to leave jail. Wait...
He's Sieg Heiling ironically! Don't shoot!
Relationships
Amsterdam: I gotta go home now.
Even Barry cannot outrun his past.
She found love but lost herself.
She lives on in my dreams.
She tasted better than the first.
Thirty years married; sex still awesome.
They voted "Dunning Kruger" for President.
'Daddy has gone to buy cigarettes'
Trump Presidential Library and Fallout Shelter
...and now I present President Trump
sound good?
Phelps helps US win more gold.
Mexican 3 car pileup. 231 dead.
Billionaire funding mad scientists: "Apocolapyse unlik-"
Scarred wrists because too few 'likes'.
The next President, The next War.
Who is this 'Fleek'? Oh dad!
Sucked down a sinkhole. Still alive.
Mein Kampf: The usual debut shortcomings.
Apocalypse
Married for love. Divorced for money.
TEACHER
My last breath... in or out?
Man jumps off lighthouse, 157 dead.
Man jumps off lighthouse; 157 dead.
And in that moment, he knew.
Pot shattered, gone were her ashes.
Muzzle flash. White-hot pain. Peace.
"Don't believe their lies," they said.
Their souls were intertwined. Fate wasn't.
The hospital halls became familiar again.
Went to McDonald's. Got a Whopper.
Billy: "Does God exist?" God: "No."
Satan, "But it's a dry heat."
Love is a shadow. Dark. Quiet.
On time! Six years too late....
Help Wanted. Must Not Use Phone.
Newton's undisclosed discovery. Soul defies gravity.
"Did we bet with memories?" "Dunno"
The deep end goes both ways.
She was one step before jumping.
HIRING: Politician. No moral compass required.
Needed experience. But feared getting it.
Faceless doll sunk razor into cheek.
Death died. Things got pretty weird.
Martian microbes finally discovered Martian-like exoplanet.
Packaged with care. - Local Anarchists Union
"Make me a sandwich" - My Wife
"Make a sandwich" Said my WIFE
What is this? A haiku poem?
Reddit is a total shit show.
There is nobody to comfort me
Barking. Intruder! Shoots. Misses. Whimpers... Blood.
Dad doesn't bother to call anymore.
Me no conversate with the fake
All flagpoles shortened due to demand
His first day was his last.
Four children for sale. Inquire within.
Teenager mistakes exploding pimple for orgasm.
Flag half mast - still or again?
He pleaded "Give me a minu
Death stares from 1000 yards away.
Please daddy, her wrists are bleeding
I take my antidepressants with alcohol.
im tired. please let me sleep.
Once upon a time. The end.
"I'd rather die." So I did.
Beauty, grace, falling on her face
Got nothing done today, Thanks Internet
Um, maggots are rude? Like....don't?
Ovarian cancer, delicious! Breast cancer, stringy.
I picked out my casket today.
i can't, sex was good though
Stares longer. Feels even more disgust.
No sweetheart, cockroaches are not pets.
Rip, rip, rip and RIP Torrentz.
Rip, rip, rip..rip..RIP Torrenntz.
She loved the old him more.
What do you mean "no oxygen"?
It's over but neither will leave.
I kept screaming, God didn't help.
"You've got to walk away now"
I didn't think you know me.
"Miss you, mom" Scribbled onto balloon.
His novel's, 'Dedicated to the needle'.
I was doing fine without you
The Real Rio Olympics winners: Mosquitos.
My parting wife packed my heart.
She smiled as his life faded.
I'm on the Democratic voter watchlist.
"Fonder? No... Absence made it wander."
If I don't, someone else will.
It still wasn't enough for them.
She was even photogenic in death.
"In the coming days... we rebuild"
In the coming days... we rebuild.
We broke up. You broke down.
Happiness, the easiest emotion to fake.
Do you want your toothbrush back?
In hell, you would not notice.
"Forgive me," he lied, "I've sinned."
In heaven, the bullying got worse.
Unfortunately, ashes aren't very good listeners.
Anyone wanna play CS:GO with me?
"...and one giant leap for neanderthalkind."
Wasted potential makes the saddest soliloquy.
"Baby" "Don't you 'baby' me, Richard"
Democracy and Hope - call if found!
SELLING: Democracy - nearly intact, now half off!
After you left, it made sense.
So many friends, why so lonely
"The answer is 42," she said.
I too, have played Dark Souls
Think ill fuck someone from Craigslist.
Muslim step dad, muslim step brother.
Think ill sleep another 12 hours.
I think im developing bed sores.
Dinner: In-n-out and ill make cookies.
blowing smoke on a rainy day.
Shouldn't you be with friends celebrating?
Best looking people still look bad.
Self-deprecation: disgusting. Me: hoping it works.
Me: car horn. Him: magnificent symphony.
Me: gray. Him: finest possible colors.
Me: falling down cliffside. Him: millionaire.
Me: serious, sad, lazy. Him: opposite.
He'll only love someone similarly hardworking.
He will only love someone industrious.
No effort even for sentence story.
Can't relate to friendly, hard workers.
Pregnant? After six years? He wept.
Global warming changes angels migration patterns
Remembering childhood brings nostalgia, survivor's guilt.
I'm not repenting of my sins!
Beneath drug addiction, life's fascination fades.
Life's fascination faded beneath drug addiction.
"Fire at will, drones!" panicked Will.
Their "love" was just an algorithm.
Been a year since the funeral...
Life addiction faded beneath drug addiction.
Procrastination, Shame, Discipline, Done, Promises, Repeat
Custody hearing. Hired escort. Judge's wife...
Sticks. Stones. Swords. Bullets. Bombs. Elections
Accidental shooter, 9, "911, Mom's... still."
Things will get weirder, Mother Earth.
Dad stopped loving me after Iraq.
Let's go back to my place.
PUSH THE BIG RED BUTTON NOW!!
Dad, what happened in 2016? ...Dad?
Dancing with the devil... I'm losing.
His pathetic dick was fetal sized.
I Fucked the King to Death
His cock was so puny, pathetic.
Her dress slid to the floor
Her therapy dog almost bit me.
"This is stupid," whined the loser.
My kittens vomited up other kittens
He snapped over the Wifi outage.
He felt comfort, in being alone.
My 'son' thinks that I'm deceitful.
I 'never received' your loving letters.
Barack, I'm calling in that favor.
Can't describe countdowns in six words.
/u/n0mouth should've stuck to his username.
This sub sucks. Fuck you guys.
Stuck on Mars. Death by disco.
911 tapes show... he regretted suicide.
Cured loneliness with a passionate kiss
"Finance," he said, "a slave's word."
Going home, back when im hungry!
Bye woody allen, hugh hefner, beyonce.
Poor julian assange. Worse is coming,
Upon last breath, Newton experienced anti-gravity.
The abyss began to stare back
Goodbye little children. Brush your teeth!
Sadly, i am irreversibly superior now.
Then it would work quite perfectly.
If only i had your eyes.
You're kind of tedious and boring!
You're formed to amuse, easily led.
Martyrs for beauty and truth, and dumb!
You enjoy beauty, isn't that right? :)
Beauty beyond your wildest dreams...beauty!
"Hello, directory assistance?" You're too late.
...you could master all existence, friends!
Yes, with just one unsavory urge...
Don't hesitate, think today. Operators waiting.
Every idea, just another idea away.
Every mystery is waiting for you.
Everything is within your pathetic reach.
There are no stupid questions, either!
There are no wrong answers, ever!
DM for details, just between us!
Lucky for you there's a solution.
Overwhelmed? Stressed? Anxious? Depressed? Confused? Fearful?
2016 was a much simpler time.
"Dating again? ... ... Bitch," mutters nice guy.
Surprised Trump wins election. Demands recount..
Funding for our universe is cancelled.
2200. Immortality arrived. Death is better.
Wish I could make her happy.
She was better off without me
Edgy kids need to be bullied
Tree of Life, Seed of Death
Amazing Grace. How sweet She sounds!
"... it was bigger before the accident."
My eyes bear a strange expression.
The undertaker eventually became the undertook.
Your tattoo suggests...you are unemployable.
Nice children. Now, stop uploading photos.
We did not become multiplanetary species.
She said no. He kept going.
"Why do I have to hurt?"
Dropping handicapped lady off at fire.
Some stories are best left buried.
'Trees' produce 'burnable' fuel, scientists discover.
The girl's six. Her husband not.
I didn't mean to hurt you.
Most posts are not actually stories.
Janitor limps past his highschool glories.
I welcome Death with open arms
My mum's Italian. My dad's disloyal.
I wished to die. Everyone clapped.
Shakespeare didn't have any dumb characters.
A blissful ignorance ruminated till dawn
She just blocked me on everything...
Something by ourselves. I know where.
Lauren. What will we do tonight?
I hate going home after work.
New friend. She's not your friend.
Bad slide; there goes that scholarship.
The smell of decomposition is sugary.
crazy eyes, bobblehead reactions, computer cadence.
Before sending, she sighed and deleted.
I need her more than me
I eat ass like tuna fish
Aye, the beat go off? *slap*
"Lowest rated poem of the championship"
I have never felt so broken
Think my sex dolls, think! COGNATE!
His last words: "This isn't quicksa--"
My frigid, obese wife. Massive tease.
The ground waits with open arms.
Priceless antiques, photos, and memorabilia, steamrolled.
Drunk, I don't want to talk.
Rachel dolezal pills make you sexy
Money gets you things, not memories
I wish that it was us.
Man cursed with immortality: "Really? Awesome!"
"I'm a genius," says the dumbass.
My new catchphrase: Zoo wee mama.
Suck my dick. I'm paying you.
Open Chrome. Watch porn. See mommy.
Welcome to another Minecraft let's play.
I could not give two bucks.
The unseen wounds pain the most
Sooner or later, we all burn.
Hand mirror reflections look depressingly foreign.
He pulled the gerbil from nowhere
"Do wheelchairs come in child sizes?"
"Business or pleasure?" "Funeral, so both."
Skepticism convention: skepticism checked at door!
When all went right, Murphy died.
Opportunity knocked. He opened... his phone.
His life ended suddenly as this
Rope doesn't kill anymore. Time does.
Works in sun, stays in shadows.
Dog for President. Steak for everyone!
He opened the briefcase. Beep! "SHI---"
Third divorce. New car. Bald patch.
Kindly, stop throwing popcorn, you fucks.
Went to bed; clowns ate him.
Tennis players have the fuzziest balls
Veterans watched my baby steps enviously.
Walked to nightclub. But not home.
Humanities only hope is his death
"Tomorrow," he thought, while ordering pizza.
Maple Leafs win the Stanley Cup!
Six words have changed the world.
"Mama's coming back," Dad always lied.
Lottery computer error; millions become millionaires.
We are but memories fading slowly.
We are but slow fading memories.
Three podiums welcomed presidential debate viewers.
I wish I could be more.
No matter what, I'll always be...
You're alright Bob...."Are you sure?"
Vandal to be hung in MoMa
My head is spinning... Keep drinking.
Guilty of murder, but finally free.
Sure, bury us, we are seeds!
I posted this story to /r/sixwordstories.
Running on empty and rapidly leaking.
I'm Mr. Meseeks! Look at me.
Goodbye, love. Hello, son. ...what now?
Words fall... fleeting chances of communication.
Voices, they want me to buy.
A new subreddit with a whitelist?
"Contamination confirmed. Orders?" "Kill them all."
Grand delusions are keeping me alive.
Dead men tell no tales. Mostly.
Her last breath...... I'm on it.
Election winner claims vote was rigged.
Time didn't change her at all.
Ooh, much better! Thank you mods!
It blew up in my face.
DNA tests showed: grandpa is dad.
Another guy submits a similar story
What'd you just say about me?
She said no. He regrets asking.
How can someone be this annoying?
'Do not disturb'. Mods are sleeping.
I'm pregnant...I want a divorce.
Idiot spammer keeps on coming back.
Pull out, sorry sperm, no baby.
Zenyatta says: The spam embraces you
You ppl r sad *cries* *reports*
Mental illness laid bare on subreddit.
Patiently waits for the ban hammer
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
May 2017, Presidential Approval Rating 93%
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Rally to protest terrorist bombing rallies bombed.
Canis777: wishes he could report himself.
Canis777: wishes he could report himself.
Canis777: wishes he could report himself.
Canis777: wishes he could report himself.
Canis777: wishes he could report himself.
Canis777: wishes he could report himself.
Canis777: wishes he could report himself.
Canis777: wishes he could report himself.
Canis777: wishes he could report himself.
Canis777: wishes he could report himself.
Canis777: wishes he could report himself.
Energy thief: pathetic piece of shit
Energy thief: pathetic piece of shit
Energy thief: pathetic piece of shit
Energy thief: pathetic piece of shit
Energy thief: pathetic piece of shit
Energy thief: pathetic piece of shit
Energy thief: pathetic piece of shit
Energy thief: pathetic piece of shit
Energy thief: pathetic piece of shit
Energy thief: pathetic piece of shit
Energy thief: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Neshal Chanderman: pathetic piece of shit
Society for Creative Anachronism reveals time-machine.
Society for Creative Anachronism reveals time-machine.
Mission incomplete, troll uses another account.
Anyway, after energy thief deletes these, just know I still know you're a piece of shit, and nothing will change that! Bye!
Hey Neshal, where'd you go? Lol
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
I know you, you pathetic fuck.
Hey Nechal, do you know Me?
Nechal Chanderman is a disgusting piece of shit, you wouldn't believe the shit this guy has done in his life.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Neshalchanderman has done some disgusting shit in his life, trust me on this one.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Anyone else get real baaad feeling about /u/neshalchanderman? like he's a bad person IRL?
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
He asked. She laughed. They lasted.
"All's forgiven," he beamed. She smirked.
"All's forgiven," she beamed. He smirked.
Rich and famous rot so impressively.
Clinton, Trump tie. Agree to alternate.
Maggots are already crawling inside you.
The ground waits with open arms.
Regardless her mind grows so frightfully.
"All's forgiven," she beamed. He smirked.
"All's forgiven," she beamed. He smirked.
"What's granpa's Hoo-car doing with Dad?"
Clinton, Trump tie. Agree to alternate.
Clinton, Trump tie. Agree to alternate.
Did you really think it'd work?
"He's a floater." The murderer's laughed.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Bill elected to orally interview interns.
Daily terrorist attack on r/sixwordstories foiled.
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Mind your reddiquette.
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
:)
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
I can't fucking take it anymore.
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
she sat down to eat alone
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France

Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France

Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France

Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France

Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Hate-grimes is cool
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Kill yourself fags
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Discrete operators, no interactions, even receptive.
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Mind your reddiquette.
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Mind your reddiquette.
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Breaking: youre faggots and deserve this.
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
:D
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Breaking: karma change leads to spam
Boy pulled from lake; girl thereafter
He must've ran out of tendies.
The best birthdays are now solitary
She was just a little girl...
"Just one more" his ghost echoed.
Parents should not bury their children.
Asshole submits same story six times.
Are the mods asleep or something?
He graduated. Then twiddled his thumbs.
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
The tracks tell a haunting tale.
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
What the fuck is happening here?
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Assume everyone has multiple undisclosed stds.
Discrete operators, no interactions, even receptive.
Think you could fit even more?
Derivative, yet respectful of the form.
This time, three days later...nothing.
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Another Jewish carpenter sacrificed for others.
Fired - for corruption. Hired - for corruption.
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Hid in the future, now hiding in the past. Soon these people's shadows will be gone, and I will emerge. I've waited so long to be alone. Luckily you're all almost dust now. I'm enjoying your death throes. I'm enjoying it all.
Fired - for corruption. Hired - for corruption.
Another Jewish carpenter sacrificed for others.
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
Assume nothing at its face value.
Assume everyone has tinder and snapchat.
Assume everyone has multiple undisclosed stds.
The Onion quits politics. 'Can't compete.'
2016, this? Back to jail, then.
Daily terrorist attack  5:00AM, France
This time, three days later...nothing.
Another Jewish carpenter sacrificed for others.
Six words is not enough for-
I had only six words left
What's up my fellow humans lol
Discrete operators, no interactions, even receptive.
Another Jewish carpenter sacrificed for others.
Think you could fit even more?
With the gun I bought him.
No one's ever acted against self-interest.
He touched stillness. "He's...a soul?"
"Playing PokemonGo :-)" typed both cheating spouses.
The lonely man DJ's for himself.
Coming up my turn now. Run 
"Pardon President Trump" movement lacks momentum
Breaking: you're faggots who deserve this.
"What's writer's block?" asked Stephen King.
Breaking: this is the best year.
She made his dream come true.
He touched stillness. "He's...a soul?"
"Playing PokemonGo :-)," types cheating husband.
His "Freedom of speech" took liberties.
Obesity rate increases. Suicide rate increases.
Teacher: "Your favourite class?" Me: "A."
Victims grieved. Meanwhile, prioritising murderer's death.
July 4th, Noone heard the bang
Marissa Mayer's Everest name: Blue Cap.
Verizon to Yahoo: "Uh yah.....thanks."
"Mittens is with Mom in heaven."
City Pokemon snubbed their suburban cousins.
Election ends! Awoke feeling the same.
"Terrorists attack--" "Deaths?" "One." "Not newsworthy."
My son never got to speak
"Throw in another adjective," suggested marketer.
Story. Condense. Edit. Shuffle. Re-edit. Statement.
Fired - for corruption. Hired - for corruption.
"Your family didn't make it, Doctor."
Terrorists attack. Three dead. ... Unreported. 'Commonplace'.
Attack! Three dead. ... Unreported. Too 'commonplace'.
Fired - for corruption. Hired - for corruption.
I never obey the rules
Shadows Banned, Liberal Black Hangers-On
Accomplish the goals of the party.
The Onion quits politics. 'Can't compete.'
Doctor told me to quit... No.
He woke up, six feet under.
Burning out, but not burning bright.
Enough was enough. She went out.
Some stories are shorter than others.
Made a breathtaking wish, internalized "HAPPY".
Two rival gangs. One brave policeman.
Sadly, their habitat became office-space.
"No place like home," said immigrant.
I sure hope bullying isn't hereditary.
They renamed it The Bermuda Trapezoid.
Her bulimia ate away our relationship.
He beat me again.... at chess.
Her voice lives in her voicemail.
The spark's wearing off. I'm bored.
She hated saying, "I love you."
"Hello, Neglect helpline? This is Pluto..."
Broken Heart
Never buy second-hand Pogo sticks.
Now he carries his dog upstairs.
A sentence is not a story.
Greedy for more. Deserving of less.
Turn the camera off. Now run.
Clicked "Submit". Then immediately regretted it.
Mother lost child. But father didn't.
Not sick of you just yet.
Hope is fuel for the deluded.
He sunk seeking to float again
I am older than my mother.
Six words are just not enough
"We're going down", announced the pilot.
He's dead. Can't cry. Feels bad.
Slice her throat, fuck the wound.
Is happiness better than the truth?
Woke to mommy's creepy drug voicemails.
Copy. Paste. Submit. Six word story.
I'm happy that my ex isn't.
He promised he'd only have one.
Two became three. Three became one.
Hell freezes over. Elsa urgently sought.
364 days since sunrise. We burn.
"Lots of work recently," thought gravedigger.
Homosexual Eunuch Alcoholic
Nothing matters like being with you.
Copy. Paste. Submit. Six word story.
i read some /r/dadjokes. i cried.
Holy shit, is that a meteo-
"To be, or not to be"
Their solution? Fight crime with crime.
The local graveyard is becoming overpopulated.
"Holy shit! Is that a meteori-"
Am I dreaming? Whoops my mistake.
Happy songs just make me sad.
Slap. Punch. Fight. Leave. Love again.
I just became the oldest sibling.
/u/Austin182powers owns the front page. Run.
"Kill or be killed" -"Yes sir"
This just in: enjoy Me fags.
*Thwack!* Paper delivery! Oops, watch out!
Ngaio Marsh? You mean dumb fuck?
His passport was in the microwave.
Do I have my pants on?
Black lives matter? You mean "don't"?
Just pinch yourself and wake up.
Breaking: you're faggots and deserve this.
I am not a Jedi, yet.
His passport was in the microwave.
Caught a missingno. iPhone completely wiped.
Now I'm just an amateur proctologist.
I am not a Jedi, yet.
Ever wonder why reporting doesn't help?
This just in: enjoy Me fags.
Copy. Paste. Submit. Six word story.
Breaking: you're faggots who deserve torture.
Too tired for coffee to fix.
Breaking: this is the best year.
I am not a Jedi, yet.
"Luke!" "What?" "I'm your father!" "Nooooo!"
Breaking: you're faggots and deserve this.
Too tired for coffee to fix.
His passport was in the microwave.
I am not a Jedi, yet.
Breaking: opposing sides controlled by Me.
Copy. Paste. Submit. Six word story.
He touched stillness. "I'm...a soul?"
Copy. Paste. Submit. Six word story.
This just in: enjoy Me fags.
When you're high, everything is hypothetical.
Shit. Erm, now we aren't drunk...
I'll die, if it saves you.
My drugs will demand your hugs.
Between my ears, there was this.
"How are you?" "How I've been."
*Thwack!* Paper delivery! Oops, watch out!
This just in: enjoy Me fags
Breaking news: i always get revenge.
Breaking: opposing sides controlled by Me.
Breaking news: its the best year.
Breaking: you should've listened to Me.
Breaking: you're faggots and deserve this.
His passport was in the microwave.
....when he's gone, I'll be here.
Recopied. Repasted. Submitted. Six word story.
Even after all these years? Always.
Copied. Pasted. Submitted. Six Word Storied.
Slowly, "Oh no!" turn into "...again?"
Copy. Paste. Submit. Six word story.
He's a victim of excessive policing.
I am not a Jedi, yet.
Marriage. You're wrong, even when right.
Donald and Ivanka: true, untouchable love.
Stolen heart repurchased from black market.
When I died the world ended
Just pinch yourself and wake up.
The dream turned into a nightmare.
My doppelganger is ugly as fuck
Now I'm just an amateur proctologist
*Thwack!* Paper delivery! Oops, watch out!
He felt stillness. "He's...a soul?"
Do I have my pants on?
You fucking reek of whiskey again.
No, it's plagiarism at its height.
Follow your heart. I'll be fine.
You fucking reek of whiskey again.
No, it's plagiarism at its height.
Light purse. Heavy heart. Traveling son.
Tautology; it is what it is.
Money run out, so dide she
My existance is capped at 30FPS.
Tiffany trump? You mean downy bear?
Black lives matter? You mean "dont"?
Weev? You mean tiny horse blinders?
Milo yannopoulos? You mean toenail hoarder?
Ted bundy? You mean ugly pinhead?
Ngaio marsh? You mean dumb fuck?
Beautiful woman? You mean everest corpse?
Tom green? You mean rodney dangerfield?
Tautology; it is what it is.
My own brain is hurting me.
Melania trump, Lauren southern, Ivanka trump.
We're pregnant, but there's no we
- "I do not". My heart shattered.
*Thwack!* Paper delivery! Oops, watch out!
Money run out, so did she.
Cena powerbombs Trump! (Convention schedule unaffected.)
Twas us. Now me then you.
Spider on toilet seat. Shat myself
He touched stillness. "I'm...a soul?"
Nothing changed. If only I had.
She cried, I stopped her... Forever
Light purse. Heavy heart. Traveling son.
Cena powerbombs Trump! (Convention schedule unaffected.)
Is it suppose to do that?
Yesterday he was still with us.
unrequited love poisons, rejection cures you
He touched stillness. "He's...a soul?"
Pooped my pants. Left work early.
Fuck, I forgot my granddad's birthday.
Do I have my pants on?
Light purse. Heavy heart. Traveling son.
He tightened his jaw. "Me too..."
Too tired for coffee to fix.
She cried, I stopped her... Forever
She cried, I stopped her... Forever
Cena powerbombs Trump! (Convention schedule unaffected.)
He touched stillness. "He's....a soul?"
Cena powerbombs Trump! (Convention schedule unaffected.)
Repost for karma, questioned, deleted account
Too tired for coffee to fix.
Too tried for coffee to fix.
Repost for karma, questioned, deleted account
I wish I would wish less.
I wish I would wish less.
She's getting to big for lap
She's getting to big for lap
Tall people feel the rain sooner.
Tall people feel the rain sooner.
He tightened his jaw. "Me too..."
Light purse. Heavy heart. Traveling son.
Do I have my pants on?
Nothing changed. If only I had.
Nope! I left them at home.
Fuck, I forgot my granddad's birthday.
Fuck, I forgot my granddad's birthday.
Nothing changed. If only I had.
Do I have my pants on?
With hands trembling I'll make my way.
Lost the house..... found the remote!
Lost the house..... found the remote!
He tightened his jaw. "Me too..."
Spider on the toilet seat. Shat myself
The Word Count Limit Is Exactly
He tightened his jaw. "Me too..."
Is it suppose to do that?
Light purse. Heavy heart. Traveling son.
Yesterday he was still with us.
Do I have my pants on?
Yesterday he was still with us.
unrequited love poisons, rejection cures you
Abortion? Fine. Better dead than unloved.
He tightened his jaw. "Me too..."
He'll return after feeding the pigs.
"Trust me, I'm fine!" He lied
Is it suppose to do that?
You're the one who murdered me.
Light purse. Heavy heart. Traveling son.
Let go of all outside concerns
Loud snoring, without her I'm restless
He tightened his jaw. "Me too..."
Four years ago, she killed herself...
Bleeding. Dying...but not today. Period!
Him: spiritual newborn. Me: spiritually dying.
She shivered neschalchandermandly. "You're a...soul?"
Today's the day I go gay.
Spider on twoilet seat. Shat myself
I'm still learning to love myself.
Braille skin.... He felt his way
I'm learning to love myself again
Spider on toilet seat. Shat myself.
The Word Count Limit Is Exactly
Abortion? Fine. Better dead than unloved.
Pooped my pants, left work early.
Sex life without life or sex.
Do I have my pants on?
unrequited love poisons, rejection cures you
Cigarette addiction, it only takes one.
We stumbled home together, laughing hysterically.
I'll remember you. She said. Again.
Eggshells left scars on my feet.
'He's loyal', said his third wife.
Behind nearby shrubbery-- the unknown caller.
When the music played, we danced.
On sale: baby shoes, now outgrown.
You're the one I didn't regret.
Alcohol didn't ruin you, she did.
America horrified at second amendment misuse.
Youll never hear from me again
Your funeral really lightened my mood.
Power Hungry but a picky eater
Married to Misery
I could make you so happy.
came with bags, left in bags.
Strip for me. Insecurities go first.
Didn't love me. Just my income.
Sweet intertwine...his skin or mine?
Artwork not selling. Might pull trigger.
Used self-help book. Contains blood.
My "quiet" farts' vibrations woke her.
Empty stillness touched. "I'm a... soul?"
He pretends he's really into me.
I really wish I could die...
His eulogy soon became the anthem.
Rivers cuomo terrifies me, seriously scary
Flowers antagonized by Botanophobia's mental monopoly.
Happiness
I'm alive, but I've been buried.
Count your blessings, not your curses.
They ordered an extra wide coffin.
Please stop forcing Amy Schumer, Hollywood.
Flags flying at half mast everyday.
Why do I always text first?
We will need yet another bed.
"Remember me?" She whispered between sobs.
They shot cops. They achieved nothing.
She touched stillness. "I'm a... soul?"
The cops fell. Nothing was achieved,
My father figure is my mum.
You're no "giver", you're a talker.
Thank fuck for good books. Unsurpassable
Blah blah blah blah blah blah
They stopped pretending and started living.
Nothing matters. Go back to bed.
Brown nose -&gt; Black eye -&gt; No promotion
Resistance was futile, we resisted anyway.
Concealed their daughter's body with ours
Shhh, can you hear the laughing?
Therapist said I'm a lousy drunk.
Heard voices from the baby monitor
Turned utilitarian, Batman gradually emptied Arkham.
She was the best dancer here.
Adapt to grief: Senate depresses catharsis
A coffin, please. 4 feet long
I walked hospital hallways for exercise.
Every night she haunts my dreams.
Every night *she* haunts my dreams
My memories of you are assumed.
Always A Secretary, Never A Prez.
I caught MissingNo; iPhone completely wiped
I did not plagiarize that story!
I'm sorry, Dad. You were right.
Fresh bruises and bottles of scotch.
I did not plagiarize that story!
Drunk as fuck. Love you all!
ISIS just blew up your Subaru
Your "stories" are all stubs, folks.
Drug free a short poem
Flags half staff six months straight
Our ancestors met playing Pokmon Go
down the stairs with flailing arms
"May you live in interesting times."
I met my future ex-wife today
The muslims did it again daddy?
The fire smoke filled his lungs
The daisies she pushed were prettiest.
He's blind, but now I see.
I'm between jobs, relations and condemnations.
"PIKACHU!" "No son don't cross the...."
Her bedroom window opens for me.
One less place setting than yesterday.
"I just copied last attack's condolences."
Crowded silently. Cattle car. Fate sealed.
Zapdos??!?! Throw pokball!! ...phone battery dies.
"Please, don't listen when I scream."
But who will save the hero?
I got McNuggets instead of burger
"Fire at will, drones!" panicked Will.
He likes to tell me things
Broke their spirits; lost my head
Always saw her coming; never going
A story to tell for eternity
Old lovers call while he snores.
My heart's beating inside my son.
We clicked. Then my heels did.
You made my trigger finger reconsider.
Studying self-marketing. Hire me, bitches?
In her womb, there's a funeral.
President Trump bans President Trump jokes
Three magic words: "I am infertile."
Lacrosse: how French people describe anger.
The aliens classified humans as edible.
Finished... I'll get you a taxi..
Animal Planet started losing its content.
Grabs your waist pulling you closer
"Thick finger!" I told prostate examiner.
School was where he felt safe.
Top search : Filter out pokemon GO.
Bought security cameras. To feel rich.
So, this meant nothing to you?
There's a funeral inside my wife.
Shoulda married me. I'm faithful anyway
School reunion. How's my fake smile?
I grieved. But then I overcame.
Stop hitting yourself, stop hitting yourself
"Found your cat! Inside our dog..."
Player 6 has entered the game
Strangers. Acquaintance. Best Friends. Lovers. Strangers.
He glared at me, I shivered.
They might be giants, they weren't
Dad, why did fraternities go away?
Screen door slams, Gary's dress waves.
Nightmare! I dreamed you were -- oh.
Realized I couldn't remember her laugh.
Even the fetus was pro-choice.
Broke up. Still doing your laundry.
I think of you every year.
Speed signs should just say "sky".
Never falling easily, she fell hardest.
My pet son thinks I'm patronising.
Her bedroom drawer satisfies her more.
"Officer, Pikachu is in your gun!"
Baby's day out. :-cradle to caske+
"OK, you're NOT manipulative," she repeated.
Easy man seeks woman (carbon based).
I'm just another toy for her...
For once, the hairdresser actually listened.
There's no kiss quite like ours.
"As a black man..." remarked hitlerdaman89.
Thank god my period ended yesterday!
Excess organic matter activated Mars's defenses.
Please don't play with my emotions?
Seriously dude, you wanna get slapped?
home looked different without the people
She flinches at my touch now.
He's gone and life is better.
Reward for return of common sense.
I drunk texted my ex again
Six figures shy of six figures.
Intelligent life would not visit Earth.
Perfecting my fake smile. School reunion.
Not fat. Just harder to miss.
The world. It is, I am.
"No soap, radio!" ... "What the fuck?"
Like an idiot, I said yes.
"The Movement" shall continue - sans Sanders.
They closed doors and opened hands.
No love? I'll settle for attention
My autobiography's a work in progress.
Our vision seamlessly parted the clouds.
Self-deprecation isn't funny. Like me.
Don't smoke kids. They will scream.
A fatal crash, he saw Arcanine.
Owner offers detective wine. Several times.
My invisibility cloak hasn't arrived yet.
I rearranged furniture. Got "if nurture".
Powerful nighttime lighting drove vampires extinct.
Gender bender. Talking tender. Living splendour.
My ruined future is past now.
"Fire at will!" "Don't," Will said.
She waddled after sex. And before.
Remembrance Day, when is it again?
She's a masochist. Being with him.
My boss won't survive much longer.
I want you. So does he.
Still searching for what's already gone.
Streetkid turns 18. Now, street man.
Not happy. Not sad. Just alone.
A beautiful past created painful memories.
Painful memories from a beautiful past.
"Get lost, freak," became the regular.
Change is good. They said forever.
Motivation sang. Insurance pressed pause
"Hold my hand till..." "Goodnight Grandma."
Failed marketing degree. Er...hire me?!
Autobiography finished. I wouldn't buy it.
House spiders are the cheapest laxative.
ITAP but it got deleted. Voila.
The pesticide shop's infested with flies.
She said "aww", but nothing more.
He drank alone. Content without company.
In my biography, I'm the hero.
The Fermi Paradox was answered today.
Fear of the clear blue sky.
Their conversation died. Like their marriage.
I realised I am not you.
I'm seldom sick on sick days.
White, but blue lives don't matter.
Time to return her birthday present.
Cause of death: No internet access.
"Please, love me?" "I already tried."
I invented, "Thou shalt not steal."
The world map's becoming less colourful.
Loner girl tries to smile. Painful
Intelligent life would not come here.
Therapy part-successful, Sam now regretted regretting.
Eventually, Attenborough ran out of content.
Pokemon Go? So did my wife.
Things are happening... THINGS ARE HAPPENING.
One look; words fail. I'm hers.
Never cared about Pokemon. Still don't.
"I'm clean, mum." I promised wrongly.
For sale: Vincent Van Gogh's ear.
We are all gonna quit "tomorrow"
It's too late to be sorry
Eventually, they grew sick of pretending.
"You dropped your wallet!" panted beggar.
"What's discrimination?" asked straight, white male.
"Missed my bus!" said the slug.
His secret second family was nicer.
She removed her mask. "Too far?"
"This phone also makes phone calls."
I'm popular with this "spam" guy.
"I love you." "I try to."
These Converse shoes aren't very talkative.
Death won't make people miss me.
"Stalker" is such a judgemental word.
Killer called 911 and left sobbing.
Suffering is guaranteed, happiness is not.
God forbid science help solve problems.
United Kingdom is the latest oxymoron.
Mom's the biggest whore I know.
Heroin was nothing like that song.
Time outs don't work for shit.
God used up all his mana.
Pokemon Go servers are still down...
Mosque blast silenced prayers for peace.
Schmuck! I wanna get a get!
A ten became a two overnight.
You continue to surprise me everyday.
"Great painting, Vincent." "Pardon?" he replied.
She hasn't bought any tampons recently.
Nothing escapes from my icy grasp.
I remember when facebook was cool.
And he's off! To distant lands.
Things intending to desolate amuse me.
Dat deer just dun killed granpa!
Saw a picture of myself. Stranger.
Keep forgetting to start doing laundry.
Anorexics couple. Hungry for each other.
Exercise was great. While it lasted.
Passed logic exam. Got an F.
Pull the plug. I beg you.
He tightened the noose and jumped
She refused to take bereavement leave.
looking out from behind the mask
Almost a hero, but he missed.
God says "only son my ass".
I'm six figures off six figures.
Fate pushed me. Fell in love.
The jeweler gave me three-fourths back.
Forgive us Father, for you've sinned.
Huh... Maybe I'M the imaginary friend.
"No, I'm right," said selfish person
...then they started shooting the helpers...
The microwave's on. I live alone.
I'm a bodybuilder. I make mannequins.
Identify thief went travelling. Found himself.
My paycheck always makes me laugh.
Tzing! Tzing! went the political statements,
"Danger to the public is over."
we are something but not everything
I will smile my pain away.
Santa is nicer to rich kids.
Another black guy dead. Oh dear!
Human suffering and nobody stops it.
"A man needs a name." "Valyria."
Disregard the previous report. Shots fired.
running away from the hands again
"You're boring me!" thundered the heavens.
"He's the manifestation of your generation."
"I often mislead people." "Really?" "No."
Free speech protesters. Please, fuck off.
"What is your sexual preference?" "Often."
Hopefully, he will die at war.
The baby died, after 80 years.
Fire alarms in the maternity ward.
Entered a spelling bee. Really exited.
Deep down, every person there objected.
God answered prayer, "Peace is nonexistent."
Tricking myself into thinking everything's fine.
You make the hands stop moving.
Breaking news: no mass shootings today
She thought he could make it.
Training, war, alcoholism. You, devorce, forlorn.
"What was she hospitalized for?" "Voices." "...Oh."
we watched the sky catch fire.
Man remembers. Man dies. Earth forgets.
My brain is coming to life
You like girls posing with bunnies.
Does anyone else like to cum? 
Need to cum so bad 
Cut each others palms and shake
Sardines
Social media? But im anti social
"I'm not developing these..." he frowned.
Just woke up. His slave again.
Nice car. But your attitude stinks.
I think juxtapositions are old news.
(things didn't suck until they did)
The beat entwining their souls forever.
Oh my god sometimes
Ghostwriter is looking for real being.
Doctor pleaded him to be patient.
Impostor Syndrome vs. Dunning-Kruger Effect... Fight.
"it was here...wasn't it...here?
"You killed me," whispered her conscience.
Bernie Sanders didn't lose. America did.
Winters were warmer. Then, you left.
Mum compliments junkie on clean room.
Ghost dejectedly follows his zombie around.
Communicated love poorly. But,well enough.
We make everyday our Valentine's day.
1) Bucket 2) Bucket 3) Bucket
One life was never enough anyway.
Doctors thought I overstayed my welcome.
I love you so much. K
dad changed the locks again, lol
When the world ended, life began
0xBAD 0xCAFE 0xBABE 0xBEDDED 0xCAD 0xDAD
The person I lost never left.
The person I lost never left
Composer couldn't remember his own songs.
Alarm clock? No need! Surprise diarrhea!
Wait, you said 'Megatons'? Not 'macadamias'?!
23454you39arek4544dlcurrently808beingk4454ka39cryptologist45432
10th July 2016: Disibility Awareness Day.
He needed validation. She didn't know.
One bullet, only one person left.
My next door neighbour. Surprisingly tasty.
Should have killed myself years ago.
Edward ~~Snowden~~ Clinton requesting case review.
What you allow, is what continues.
"I forgive you" said the Devil.
Edward Clinton requesting review of charges.
I thought I could save her
1988 Neo-Tokyo: an idoru enters McDonalds.
Ran to call 911, nobody answered.
Neither of them deserved the other.
Happy July Fourth! ~illegal mexican fireworks.
Years of silenced depression suddenly revealed.
I hate pantomime. It's behind me!
"What's your type?" asked calligraphy teacher.
My new thesaurus is proper shit.
The dog licked its dead owner.
Thousands fell. Climbing The Grand Canyon.
Couldn't identify my suspect. Fucking Alzheimer's.
Socks are like women. Mine disappear.
"Please, no! Let me die instead."
Choir sung me to sleep. Farewell.
Invited to party. Unexpected. Cannibalistic family.
"You get paid to shit post?"
Just you, me and the wind.
But boss, I promise, I sharted.
Stop shouting. Just give me that fine.
She smiled as his photographs burned.
A sneeze came from our wardrobe.
"I'm not married but---" "It's depressing?"
Didn't realise how loud popcorn is.
His work ethic is consistently inconsistent.
It's not addiction. It's recreational acupuncture.
True friends are now truly extinct.
"I do." "I did... I'm sorry."
We Left EU, EU left altogether.
Measured waist. Needed two tape measures.
Made change in the offering plate.
Beneath her Youtube videos #RIPs blossomed.
Son wanted waterbed. Thrown in lake.
Kaboom! Kaboom! went the theological statements.
She touched her corpse. "Imma... soul?"
Kaboom! Kaboom! went the theological statements.
Don't know when my birthday is.
Touched her corpse. "I'm... a soul?"
"God, why the children?" asked Elie.
Sometimes, the pain is worth it.
only missed you after you died
Wife keeps giving me graham crackers
World's oldest man alive reaches 25
"When I grow up..." - She won't.
I died, they had replaced me
My date isn't easy. She's hard!
My mum. My dad. Same person.
Beneath her Youtube videos, #RIP's blossomed.
Opinions only matter if you agree.
"What, I fails in English? Unpossible."
Don't do drugs! But alcohol's fine.
Son, please start using incognito mode.
Reserved table. It doesn't talk much.
After much rewording, submission still sucked.
"Eat your words," said alphabet pasta.
Broadened my horizons. Bought wider binoculars.
Will You Marry Me?
I don't miss us: Just you.
I'll load it after this drink.
Serial killer using broom sweeps nation.
There was noone left to cry
I tried. But then, I didn't.
Living fictionally until reality gets me.
Not having the answer really sucks.
and now we're just strangers again
I just can't be married anymore.
Sociopath
Drunk again; one more won't hurt.
Missing sad gene. I'll be ok.
Shame, she had such pretty skin
"True friends" showed their true selves.
Danger: unexploded ordinance. "How's that dangerous?"
I need to weigh 75 lbs.
Chainsaw? Why do you want one?
She talks until they lose interest.
My enemy thinks we're best friends.
(Suicide) terrorist (never) leaves his luggage.
Boyfriend thinks I'm boring. His sister...
My enemy thinks we're best friends.
His relationship's alternated: crazy, boring, crazy...
Loved her flowers, not her roots
Prophecy says the socks will return.
Everybody was running the other way.
Aliens descend. Episcopalians abducted. Atlanteans returned.
A brain transplant changed his mind.
Beauty-queen's smile incomprehensible to aliens. Eaten.
Whatever it was, it had corn.
Aliens descend. Episcopalians abducted. Atlanteans returned.
After weeks, motherhood tinged alice blue.
"July, please be better," world whispers.
The King enjoys mooing at guests.
I was in love with her
Exam had a back page?? .... fuck.
She rolled in her grave, undead.
Double-barrel. Still alive. Jaw missing.
Wrecked my Italian car. All dented.
She had known it all along.
Good luck; over the top, lads!
New mother complained, "My baby sucks"
Humanist terrorist blows up empty bus.
They're finally smiling at me again
This has already been done before.
This is my seventeenth "last cigarette."
He finally realized, she wasn't his.
Suddenly, every faucet started leaking blood
Half decapitated, he stood back up
She has no more food left.
Peace, Corruption, Revolution. Peace, Corruption, Revolution.
Don't hide and pray just run
Pronouns: Just Better Than Amateur Nouns.
"Please release us," thought the animals.
Your perfume suggests that you're eager.
Beat my 1500m record. By finishing.
I inhale. Then I turn pale.
Your utopia would be my nightmare.
People with lisps, I don't thympathise.
I'm sick of always being right
They've changed their moods like socks.
(~17 here) All waiting for gold.
Your morning text ceased to exist.
Her corpse had a blood-stained smile.
Casualties of spiritual warfare go unseen.
Straight to voicemail for weeks now.
I don't have time for tea.
The sixth alarm goes off unsnoozed.
3 a.m. Phone chimes. It's him. Again.
What I witnessed has broken me
She once loved me. Not anymore.
Nobody home. I heard something slam.
They said "I love you" back!
Today we are all North Koreans
Current hobby and passion: elimination round
Human forgery, free to good home.
10 weeks off drugs. Thinking accelerating :(
Oh, when will I stop thinking?
Yoga lessons. Learned nothing. Beautiful distractions.
Wait - the final exam was *yesterday*?
Tried learning guitar. Easier to watch.
Her dog eventually became our dog.
Mascara ran down his fractured face.
Modern messiah dies by firing squad.
So many dead for his pride.
Opthalmologist viewpoint; love isn't blind, lovers.
"I think I love you..." "..." "...hello?"
I'll quit again in an hour
Genocide? We prefer the term "Purification".
Spotlight fades. His inner villain awakes.
This dictionary sucks. Ends with "abridged".
The best commute had was death.
Their country is led by liars.
Water on Mars? Good. They've noticed.
Suddenly, his jokes stopped being funny.
Sorry, all the lifeboats are full
We need to evacuate the lifeboats.
The suicide help line is busy.
Needed: One proofreader. Preferably nale. Thanks.
I wish I never met you.
One day I will live again
I haven't any parents to disappoint.
Chemo Story: 97 percent failure rate
The translator missed out the truth.
World War III: fought by currency.
The screams began. Didn't last long.
News report mistaken for bad satire.
And Now We Turn to Genocide?
Covered in blood, I plead innocence
Daddy, what was a book store?
Wanted out. Found this instead. Score!
Autopsy revealed it was not malignant.
What could possibly go wrong? ...Oh.
Belated funerals: Chris Barrett, Luke McCabe
Accordion, bagpipes, and ukelele. What fun!
Personally, I think Marmite is OK.
Didn't feel the pinch. Prosthetic leg.
Border Control
She heard an unseen camera shutter.
Reluctantly crouched at the starting line.
Reluctantly, he removed the welcome mat.
Life can end in an instant
My prison cell has no doors.
The KKK took my baby away
Remembered what I tried to forget.
The pianist played what she knew.
AA calendar on fridge, beer inside.
But do my parents miss me?
I blame you for my indigestion.
"It's cancer." "Really? they asked smiling."
Paid a ghostwriter for this content.
Found my identity. In your wallet.
I saw, I conquered; I came.
Who put kitty in the microwave?
"That's a fat line!" McDonald's queue.
Wrote one too many, got banned.
Book arrives! Put away. TV on.
Funny Clown! Then appears the shotgun..
Same looks. Same smile. Different surname.
Just got a knife. Fingers bleeding.
Her favorite necklace she never wore.
please world, go back to sleep
You were my star. Day came.
How do we count hyphened titles?
You make oxygen worthwhile for me.
i alone can find the answer
"You mean the chaos emeralds?" -Obama
Chicken coop burnt; Hot chicks everywhere.
British cuts EU rope. Scottish clings.
They told me id be fine
My hospital room has no visitors.
Today's the day! Aaaand, it's not...
Strangers. Classmates. Friends. Bullies. Mental scars.
For Sale: One Europe. (Parts Missing)
UK didn't leave; still across pond.
Historians later quoted his Facebook post
Sleeping without him really does suck.
I have become a professional sleeper.
Wherever she looked, she saw his smile.
Zezima has logged in. From Zezima:
Flowers and teddies. Beeeeeeeeeeeep. Flat line
"I'll drink to that!" said everyone.
Single, no kids. Where's my money?
My love comes from a bottle.
I found my soulmate... She didn't.
"Children?" "Pleasures I've managed to avoid."
I got to bring him home.
I thought friends usually text back?
The make-up dries her beauty.
The Union Jack lost all colour.
He fell. No one caught him.
Houdini's funeral procession. Casket, surprisingly lighter.
Selling: Union Jack, no longer needed
I thought *you* brought spare oxygen.
He sees red. Balls are blue.
My six-word story wasn't depressing.
The last dinosaur watched mammals play.
I wish I had seven words.
I subscribed. I unsubscribed. I subscribed.
"I get news from Youtube, shill!"
"I'm the smartest," thought the dumbest.
The fox ate the rabbit. Good breakfast.
Rover ended up as tasty salami.
"i never wanted a baby boy"
He couldn't control it any longer.
Thank you for trying, Houston. Goodbye.
Hushed conversation in a hospital corridor.
Then it winked. Shit! Shit! Shit!
He's not chasing us, he's here.
You sure? We are kinda related.
Their wasted votes preserved the plutocracy.
...AND THIS IS YOUR CAPTAIN SHOUTING.
We buried her on her birthday
His death was not a mistake.
My rear-view mirror. My fate.
Poked it with stick. It popped.
Trust me, his death's no "mistake".
Successfully bribed the law for freedom.
I have the attention span of
"What you are experiencing...isn't turbulence..."
Writing eulogy. Correct pronunciation of "methamphetamine"?
Beautiful girl died. Now go cry
Juggler. Part-time criminal. Gets caught.
Public transport. On time? Let's celebrate!
There's a man in my garden.
I've suffered from Alzheimer's since...er...
This sub has become extremely repetitive.
She left anyway. She"s always right.
Body found, no ID. It's them.
Loading blanks. "We're faking an assassination?"
Stick figure family minus one now.
Tires screeched while the engine whined.
She was a creature of habits.
Sock in her mouth, she cried
They all named me, "The Maverick."
The disloyal juggler. Got caught eventually.
I am a puppet of Depression.
Each new flower sang her name.
I worry about him too much.
She began to write my chapters.
Humpty Dumpty, thanks for the omelette.
Energy thief.....you are a fag 
Energy theif mod is such a fag, he bans anyone he doesnt like! He didn't even create the sub...Lol
I use balloons, for the kids.
He said that he was single
One wise man refused to clap.
"Narration isn't always exciting," I thought.
I suffered from Alzheimer's since...er...
Always the lover, never the loved.
Every day I love him more.
They both made apology calls. Simultaneously.
"i wished i was never born"
I saw you killing him softly.
Trains collided. Luckily, Superman's in-between.
"We need to talk..." said Jesus.
My dad's birth sign. Middle finger.
Mom's husband killed every black widow.
Pissing blood. Vampires want a BJ?
I came out, got kicked out.
"It gets better!" "Orlando?" "Uh, yeah..."
Hell isn't just for sinners anymore.
Don't reflect on memories. Make them.
Feral children. Live on wild side.
Asleep, he mumbled his darkest secrets.
Emptied stomach, trousers just got heavier
Everyone shares the drink of loneliness
A placid place greeted by gunfire.
"Just my luck,"- tomorrow's lottery winner.
Jesus returned. Currently in mental hospital.
One share for seven billion humans.
My french teacher died. Adios, buddy.
One share for seven billion people.
Adios, arrivederci, vaarwel. RIP my translator.
A long fight is now over.
My trust's yours.Don't break it.
I was naive up until now.
I've only got six months left.
Can you hear me now? ___
Long story short: Mutant fish apocalypse.
Everyone on Earth was wide awake.
Be cold and you won't melt.
A god's life support; our worship
Last thing i saw. Her back.
Six cuts a long story short.
"Noooo, you hang up first." "H-hello?"
Everyone looks better in the dark.
Dad, you were handsome. What happened?
Last thing I saw. His shadow.
I stood there. Waiting. For nothing.
The mental patients all escape. Cured
You'll always miss something you had.
He never cared? I'm offended!
Some rules are made to be broken
I don't think you're coming back.
I am in love with you
My wife has never been loved
Do you ever feel completely alone?
I looked for monsters. Found one...
"Stop mocking me," said the dog.
With six words I can't even
Unconditional surrender? Not in your lifetime.
She cried. She smiled. They giggled.
I live by my own commandments.
You are quite amusing, little pawns.
Secret: I know youre gay, faggots!
Your idiotic formulations invoke my wrath!
I support this statement. Edited today.
Don't you know? Depression is timeless.
soddns   'buddup o odsu
Syntax something is never I studied.
Frustrated reader desired reduced story ambiguity
Wrote with my heart. Not hand.
Granddad does not recognise his memorabilia.
Saw my memories in a museum.
At end, all the lights go.
Beneath the debris, my ex-wife.
The Avalanches are making new music
Dear birds, I've missed your tune.
Winter ends. The bird's chirp again.
Flowers still flourished around the deceased.
His blood boiled into pure rage.
"I guess it's a girl" - circumciser
Made my bed. Opposite the river.
Corridor full of webs. No spiders.
Trust is hard to come by.
Today is already better than yesterday.
We're out of each other's league.
Heard her before I saw her.
Dust dominated a once loving home.
Roller coaster. Woman screaming. Unzipped trousers.
Wanted a medical. Not a physical.
Mind-fucked. But still no orgasm.
I won't play with you anymore ;)
"I love you." He told cocaine.
What is the reason you're stupid?
Fuck.
She is beautiful. Yes, he is.
Being sad makes me feel alive
Don't argue. I know what's best.
I don't want to hate you.
Through piercing eyes, her soul unclad
"Deep six the book of names."
She bit down when I crashed.
Our candidate said, "repeal or die!"
If I only could be white.
"it's true, she weeps for him"
Crawling out of bed, kinda undead.
Believed in myself. Nobody else would.
Please don't waste your life again.
I laughed. I didn't want to.
He's not one of us anymore.
That girl won't stop ignoring me.
Life tip: Don't live like me.
The girl won't stop ignoring me.
My passport photo looks really normal.
"Nailed that!" thought the karaoke singer.
The swing we once swung on.
Just one dad this Father's Day.
For once, the hairdresser actually listened.
Your scent doesn't stay with me.
You win some, you whine some.
I feel alone with my family.
Another ignored call on Father's day.
She hover pees at home too.
"Apathy will end us." "Who cares?"
My pillow rests on her tombstone.
We were the part. Now apart.
Flags flew half-mast for months afterwards.
Melodrama is dead. Like my grandmother.
Her reputation rested between his lips.
Got a degree. But now what?
Parachute didn't deploy. Instructor wasn't trying.
You have made me an optimist.
I'd help, if I could swim.
They gave choice. Me or dad.
"Does anyone object?" Everyone screamed, internally.
Something is breathing between my walls.
Wet guide dog. Carrying wet shoes.
Again holding all the cards babe
My conversations with dad never complete.
Forgot you werent talking about me.
You are not a separate entity.
She wonders if they miss her.
Second bomb dropped at 40.751539, -73.992366
Eyes closing... for the final time.
Frick her right in the poodle
Russia invades Georgia. Not the country.
Happy square roots. On cloud 3.
Sorry, Cloud Nine is fully booked.
My wife really wants diamond carrots.
War kills the survivors the most.
Bite down on fork, chipped tooth.
No one to share selfie with.
"Remember, you ARE the game. Win."
"Seven words shalt thou not write!"
We opened it, despite her wishes.
Scared. Mum's never sung lullabies before...
Deeds die, I die, surname lives.
Legs are numb, time to wipe
Level 99 completed. Boss: Real Life.
Ireland wants all the tater tots
My home planet? Doesn't exist anymore.
Hey nick. Im gonna hurt you.
Sometimes I wish I were wrong.
"How much time is left?" he
I think I found her... hopefully.
A bad mood for good cause.
The Flags Stayed At Half Mast
Breakfast in Paris, supper in Regina.
There is someone standing behind me.
John never finished his bucket list.
Soon, she'll smoke after sex too.
Me? Free of empathy? I'm insulted!
I took off my ring today
Look - no hands! Look - no teeth!
Could tears really be holy water?
Was a virgin yesterday. Still am.
Light! Illumination! Thought! Pride! Knowledge! Freedom!
Shapes seen in clouds reminded her.
Discarding false realities shapes my own.
He had one more take-off than landing.
Saliva coats prey and solidifies form.
Threw the fight. Caught the repercussions.
Predator hovers over her prey, drooling.
Housewarming party. But the atmosphere's cold.
Wait for me in the afterlife.
Identity stolen. Credit better than ever.
Man steals strippers cash from stage.
Death doesn't knock, it's already in.
Fingers scratched beneath the floorboards.
It's his funeral, I'm on reddit.
Gangster of love lost his swagger.
"Son's funeral today," I informed cellmate.
She seeks continuous and constant validation.
Outlived all his friends. Only 17.
Forgot how to write his signature.
People hate liars, but I'm good.
Nobody knows what the monkey witnessed.
Rubbish collector discovers dildo during work.
The opposite of love is indifference.
They flew together. Only one arrived.
One night stand. Broken condom. Family.
Said cool hat. Friends ever since.
Lottery winnings splurged on college education.
"I'm in shape. Hexagon's a shape."
I'm Satan. Today is my birthday!
I'ma well-off, short-tempered, self-righteous, cold-hearted cheater.
Spiders die after they give birth.
Just another date that doesn't exist.
It all began with a swipe.
Hyperbole's the absolute worst thing ever.
no monumental face in his heart
This is actually seven words long.
The wet spot wasn't worth it.
It's always at half-mast nowadays.
Life is a series of incomplete
The pillow still smells like him.
I'm always right. So he left.
I tried. He didn't It's over.
I tried. He didn't. I left.
Humans? Haven't seen one in decades.
Please don't continue this any longer
Apparently, I'm deceitful. Or am I?
I think that one's extinct. Sorry.
This treadmill is taking me backwards.
In his story, I'm the villain.
Speaking freely could cost you dearly.
"Two scoops. One for each child."
For Sale: Magnum Condoms, Never Worn
Into the pits of hell. Again.
I'll change for nobody but myself.
I remember my mother being born
All along, we came up short.
I just want a top-level post.
It wasn't made right, just ok.
Breaking news is never good news.
It's strange how strange she is.
Our open relationship opened Pandora's box.
Man punches oil painting of selfie.
They gave choice. Me or dad.
But I thought there'd be more.
Shop sign..."Discontinued: Permanent marker pens."
Shop sign. "Discontinued: Permanent marking pens."
Warning!!! Nuclear Launch Authorized! Confirm? Abort?
7/8/44 8:00 Weather report: clear skies, partly cloudy.
Hi! She: I have a boyfriend.
The Meaning of Life -- Half price --
Cry whenever I think of myself..
Chundering gentleman grovelled me sweet diamonds
Love capsizes in vodka's churning sea.
Candle flickers out. Yellow eyes open.
Looking up. Clouds pass. He falls.
out the window, his things fell.
I hate competitiveness more than anyone.
Aliens treated us nicely, as pets.
Everyone lies around a dying man.
Near-death experience. Wedding was cancelled.
I love pain more than you.
Mannequins LIVE! They hate your outfit.
I finally have all their water.
Took over the world. Bored now.
"Nothing personal?" "Just business." They kissed.
No food. No water. They're coming.
I won't let you love me.
"George, finish the books," complained Death.
Idealist? Reality won't give a damn.
All of our water is gone.
Free to speak when I agree
My crooked nose turned me straightedge.
He dropped his pants. She laughed.
Even quicksand spat me back out.
"Less stories, more pictures of Spiderman!"
Stars beckoned, but here she stayed.
It was supposed to be you.
My body clock needs new batteries.
I'm home! Honey? Oh dear God!
Silence cuts me like a knife.
She was once a social caterpillar.
The designated driver shouldn't have been.
You think I'm crazy?! Thank you!
My epaulettes are weighing me down.
The devil and his demons ran
Flip a coin...."What's a coin?"
"You shouldn't feel bad!" "I don't."
Talentless artist makes millions deluding idiots.
Go get drunk. You are home.
Dad bought me a chameleon. Apparently.
There is no "ex" in "exclusive".
"What are your weaknesses?" "Lesbian porn."
Gynaecologist congratulated. Oncologist gave six months.
As the seasons changed, feelings faded.
I know you more than myself.
"I'm an underpaid overachiever," thought everyone.
"My dad's a boxer." Bullies hesitated.
"Just take the Hobbits to Isengard!"
Now, which witch witched which witch?
No pain, last breath, pupils dilate.
Just want to be me, finally
Dog returns to pound. Rescues friends!
"...Dad?" "Let's not get too friendly."
She saw truth despite his lies.
Pulling the knife out'll kill her
Gambled hope away. Raised the stakes.
You lied. But your penis didn't.
Dad plays hide and seek forever.
Her nightmares repeated themselves.... while awake.
Recently created. Today, cremated. I'm sedated.
Her nightmares repeated themselves... while awake.
Time exists again, now you're gone.
United States Flag. Made In China.
"You're ugly!" lied the flaccid penis.
"He can't win!" They were wrong.
Poison bottles hidden in desperate places.
It's not news anymore. It's advertising.
He still could, when he tried.
Love's a fine wine. I'm drunk!
I found them welcoming, at first.
Parked in a galaxy far away.
Winds of change blow me away
Second hand trampoline. Also a hammock.
moot leaves Google for the NSA
He made plans. She made headlines.
Curiosity thrilled the very wise cat.
Legal name change soon. Common, untraceable.
She said he said she said.
Beautiful soul disfigured by seductive spirits.
I try running. Feel thick leash.
At least my therapist can laugh.
The "a" in "stealth" is sneaky.
Aliens landed. They sighed. They left.
Living dead, drunk on pain killer.
Man drowns broken boy in bottles.
Mother martyr gives toxins for Christmas.
Never fight with nothing to lose.
Dad gave us names and disorders.
Ripped my pants. She left me.
Sliced bread - the greatest thing since...?
This Could Be Our Last Goodbye
Cleaned my glasses. Flies are gone.
Alien: Humans came.They took everything.
#Sixwordstories
Sonic the Hedgehog poster. Dusty piano.
For excess, soul suffers like Veal.
"Us humans, huh?" "Yesss, usss humanssss."
Never been to a sad funeral.
"Us humans, huh?" "Yesss, usss humansss."
Dance like every funeral attendant's watching.
"Rude", he muttered while stepping back
"For my last trick" really was.
He then became an only child.
Said goodbye and kicked the chair.
Sergeant yells "Forward!" And we fall.
Sergeant yells :"Forward!" And we fall.
Thoughtful firing squad wanted. Inquire within.
"love me", he said to himself
Salt and Pepper, Cocaine and Gunpowder
Doctor says terminal cancer. Happy tears.
Drug free. Will only become smarter.
And now, for my next trick...
Hospital package included free funeral services.
Tonight's race: insomniac versus the dawn.
Stop trying to fuck/love me.
"Tomorrow? Maybe?" He said once again.
Without milk, cereal was no option.
Suddenly, everyone pretends they like football.
She has someone shave her head.
"From now on, it's called soccer."
"I miss you." Silence. Heartbreaking silence.
Six word story
Your actions don't match your words
Revolution: sufferers and oppressors changed places.
What do you think, owl? *Screeches*
Correct the Record staff refuse $10.50/h.
Isle of Man: deserted. Mine now.
Created. Add an "m". Same day.
"Killers:eliminated," says Robocop's suicide note.
You need a shower, said dad
"You'll be nothing," they told me.
Presses with full weight under your jaw
My parrot keeps saying, "Kill me."
Here boy! Fetch yesterdays toy *throws*
"No ammunition!" lied the enemy soldier.
Dad was buried where they play.
What is that aroma? *sniff* Saffron.
The time-travelers visited their own graves
Current mood
Even your name makes me smile.
I am all powerful and merciless.
The bride's tears weren't from joy.
As if youd know anything about that.
Now, there were no veins left.
My superiority complex is the best.
I love to subtract and destroy.
His outstretched hand only found air
I love to think and run.
Her body was located. Inside father's.
I love to seek and find.
His search history suggests he's single.
I love to find and stalk.
I love to stalk and capture.
Lost my heart. Found it broken.
Awoken by gunshots. But only momentarily.
I love to capture and torture.
I love to torture and kill.
I love to kill and devour.
"Remember when we elected leaders?" "No."
14 year old has midlife crisis.
Bleeding and am superior to all
You know that feeling u guys?
Married for love. Divorced for money.
His frown traversed all language barriers
I'm not your beck and call
Lost my job, found my soul.
Dragons, swords, and three lies told
I always break out when bleeding
It's the end of the beginning.
"Smaller casket? Buy Chinese...cheaper too"
God sent friend request. I declined.
She is married. I was invited.
Suddenly, reluctantly, we had enough bedrooms.
Her smile spoke every single language.
Nowadays, only the machines write poetry.
We were happy. Now I'm blocked.
Just one pill, now he's gone
This shit is too fucking easy.
Truth
He called reinforcements. I showed up.
Tried my hand at cooking. Ouch!
Why does it always feel personal ?
The funeral ended. He still stayed.
She grew closer. He grew violent.
'Home alone at last!' we noted.
Her last words were I love-
Met someone; punishing lies; Uh oh.
All I remember its called alzheimer
Hey you! Stop! Don't pull the...
Please send help, my location is:
Please let today be a miracle.
Never thought itll be this hard.
Insert subtle commentary on dead babies
I literally just want more upvotes.
The cockpit appeared to be empty.
Remember computers? Yeah I remember those.
Won the argument, lost the relationship.
Hours together: infinite. Fighting: constantly. War?
Carried his baby, one last time.
Spend more time with me bitch.
Jesus fucking christ this is great
Smelling burning, from my prison cell..
Doctor's bad news, "She's still breathing."
People danced around my collapsed body.
Ran red light. Saved a life.
"Dad...?" "Yes," he breathed his last.
"Land of the free? What's that?"
Scorned soul. Rope taut; Life, not.
Weasels are everything to me fam.
I just want to be happy.
Dark times imminent. Out of coffee.
He killed the romantic in me
"Bernies got another superdelegate!" "Hillary won."
Baby clothes scattered across the interstate.
War was waged. Warriors were wasted.
Disney Princess falls for Nigerian Prince
Help never arrived; all souls lost.
My arse hurts when I sit.
Your funeral finished. I couldn't leave.
She's a hypnotist. Without even trying.
Nearing the airport, my heartbeat increased.
He wanted pleasure. She wanted validation.
His suitcase contained the passenger's destinies.
Missed absenteeism class. You know why.
Here comes my big moment. MOMENT.
They made love. In his head.
It's just that I keep noticing strange things happening all over and want to know who's responsible? It sounds insane but I feel like satan is going to enlighten the chosen and destroy all enemies to make the world pagan again......?
Can someone respond if this rings a bell or if you have experienced a similar feeling lately? It's like no one knows whats going on in the world anymore and everything out of sync with My true law is being destroyed? It seems I'm sorry if this is out of place........!!!
- Ace of hearts? - No, credit card...
It's just that I keep noticing strange things happening all over and want to know who's responsible? It sounds insane but I feel like satan is going to enlighten the chosen and destroy all enemies to make the world pagan again......?
Has anyone noticed like a strange energy in the air lately? Maybe from space, but, maybe from our own home here on Eaerth? Like strange things are happening and maybe it's the end times, but, that sounds crazy too.
A million words couldn't describe it.
Heart: pure muscle. Muscle: insanely alterable
The condom broke. Now i'm pregnant
Going shopping. T-Shirt for the funeral.
Scantily clad, she looks for lookers.
"I wish for unlimited wishes!" "No..."
Meditative face. Yoga pose. Finally farted.
I have forgotten how to remember.
The bank error made me millions.
These ashes were my best friend.
He got 6 months, she got life.
"It's artificial?"..."Of course it is."
Just one more episode of House
"Get out! Leave!" she pushed them.
i fell asleep. missed my stop.
You were supposed to kill yourself.
Chased Dreams, Didn't run fast enough
He decorated her gravestone with urine.
My son died. I dialled 998.
Ceci n'est-ce pas un Pp exceptionel.
"Actually," I said, readjusting beer goggles.
Disappointed my dad by simply existing.
My rear-view mirror shows destiny.
My ex says I'm obsoletely beautiful.
Only weaker minds called me lucky.
This time grandpa didn't come back.
"Im sorry" lied ventriloquist dummy's decoy.
When will I live again, Doctor?
You never did pay me back.
Dream character with freewill gets mad.
Their story was written by him.
Let's live for a little while.
"Boring!" thought fly on my wall.
Describe myself...3 words? Overly concise.
Lost my shit. Lost it all.
Indian organ dealer stole her heart.
Great Customer Service. Translation: Fake Smile.
Her eyes said she remembered everything.
This new body felt too familiar.
I yelled "Fire!" Heard gunshots nearby.
Ordered a turtle-neck. Slow delivery.
I just wanna reach top page
Ate delicious pizza. Feeling Italian now.
Scientists scrape coffee from the rim.
Today, I introduced myself to Daddy.
Just relax, the comet's nearly here.
Relax, the comet's nearly here.
They couldn't hear my last words.
I sit where we once sat.
Found the cure. Wanted: time machine.
I broke up with myself today.
Interested dropping phone on face love
Fought for her attention. Got injured.
Shooting messenger won't change the message.
Well well welcome to stutter club.
Their pictures displayed happiness. Reality didn't.
The driver's selfishness killed them all.
Now, she really couldn't resist me.
Her life support's music to--shit...
Sometimes I pretend we're still friends.
She got merry at his expense.
Rome antics- I'm burning for you.
Love is letting go. For you.
Even after, just want you happy
Better men write shorter stories
Yesterday, my Boyfriend became my Girlfriend...
Bye irl world!!!!! Catch ya later!!!!
Finally Death knocks out The Greatest.
"Nah dude I'm sober" he claimed.
My Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis makes me unhonorificabilitudinitatibus here.
Mr Soupy killed my father's mascot.
Paralyzed, I watched them bury me.
He hears voices in my head.
It's okay, it's whatever
The windows broke, like her skull
Myth swallowed by a fleshy tomb
After the sixth word he said...
His pen ran out of ink.
One bullet costs too much.
Come on, ladies. Let's get information!
It's easy for you. You're pretty
"Your worst day ever?" "Changes daily."
Change? $100? $100 bills *are* change.
Eat! Drink! Make merry! Apocalypse approaches..
Klara aborted fourth child. WWII averted.
Made something beautiful and became envious
Nail marks covered the coffin's interior
It was never worth it anyways
The room quieted when he entered.
Called mortgage advisor. Bought lottery ticket.
They found love, I found lust.
Tears; tolls paid to forget you
His screams were muffled by dirt.
They took fries,I took lives
I wish I had been cremated
Leave me alone now ok?
Shoveled dirt covered all their tears.
Strangers. Friends. Best Friends. Lovers. Strangers.
Don't misgender my dog, you shitlord
I have a date on sunday.
$2000 for the night $1000/hour
My children just became my child.
Son feels neglected. So I imagine.
Hyperdrive failure. "Goodbye, Houston..." Stellar suicide.
The ring never touched her finger.
She reminded me how to live.
She yawned. Now he's really boring.
Last night cancer claimed one more.
Everyone wants me dead--even me.
One step forward. Over the edge.
Son's black eye. My white lie.
Chambermaid 's note says, "Very tidy. Married?"
Dad says mum's in the garden?
GitHub: Revert "Remove all unused imports"
If only I told her goodbye
Tabitha adopted grandpa Jenkens, despite stubbornness
Alimony can't amount to divorce's worth.
Child thrives on hate; no love.
Indicted: Celebrations Ring Out Across America
My aunt's son was born dead....
Sadly, my grandpa didn't make it.
I often wish she was you.
"what is she thinking right now"
Lauren its me a.m. Coming over.
Fought hard. Lost battle to laughter.
They're both gay. But not together.
I'm nonconformist because my friends are.
His television's loud. Suspected the detective.
I've convinced myself I'll be fine.
Ejaculated four feet. Strange, usually semen.
Wikipedia Edit: "Is" changed to "Was"
Thought he already knew the answer
Counted my blessings. The answer's zero.
Her retirement plan looks lonely now.
"Will you marry me?" he repeated.
Her retirement plans looks lonely now.
Holy shit, did you see that?
The recovery position was everything but.
Poet goes to war. Returns insightful.
"Sale ends soon." lied shop sign.
I'm not straight, but I'll learn.
No one's as surrounded by enemies.
Sadly only I know whats happening.
First-time maneuvering not even unfamiliar
Death won. Or so It thought...
Army boots for sale, well worn.
Closer, closer, closer.....fuck! Gone. Dinnertime.
Muggle Studies application received. -Headmaster Riddle
We'll remember we'd met through Tinder.
Dementia today, who are these people?
I'm sorry but its been 72 hours.
Oh fuck hes fucking psychic.
Alien ship nears. Transfers music. Leaves.
"Uh 'Grandpa'? I'm not your grandchild."
I'm back from the club. Alone.
I'm back from the forces. Alone
I have died already. Just shoot.
I made my mother proud. Hopefully.
Dad has what I don't. Health.
Samurai seeks second for .... last dance.
"Sale ends soon." 2012 shop sign.
Quiet cat alive. Loud after life.
"Your house...terribly built." Constructive criticism.
Thief returns toys. Has honor returned.
"My daughter's innocent." I knew otherwise.
They showed their support by shaving.
I'm back from the vet. Alone.
Broke my heart. Broke my jaw.
...
Mods, why do women scare you?
His only award was a Darwin
That's what the other therapist said.
I wish she wanted me more.
We shouldn't be calling it god.
Pregnant thrice. But only one child.
He believes she believes his lies.
Oh, THIS is how we die!
Words hurt me. Silence breaks me.
Twins "Hope" and "Joy" commit suicide
Mama, it fell apart around us
I wish he wanted me more.
"But I'd do it for you."
Far sales: Grammer guyde. No used.
Why can we not be friends
I regret giving birth to you.
He takes aim. "Ok Google, stream."
His greatest heist broke many men.
Would it be different with her?
Thankfully, my thoughts are my own.
Heteronym thief jailed randomly. Suspect suspects.
She's gay. She isn't. Good riddance.
My children make really tasty snacks.
I really miss my cell mate.
Are we militarising hospitals too much?
Hopefully these bags are smell proof.
Be quiet, meanies. Ringo's pen broke.
VR tester pops an antiemetic. Again.
"Birthday, it's my again!" said Yoda.
His ghostwriter has a ghostwriter too.
Sun shining; flowers blooming; nukes exploding.
Americans rose to the challenge, again
"Forever" he whispered, kneeling opposite gravestone.
Warm coals, starry skies, good friends.
Laughing, But Really It Cut Deep
The last human hears a knock.
I've almost got the hang of this.
Street artist dies. Children graffiti hearse.
The judge sweats. A familiar face.
Wedding ring enlargement. She got comfortable.
"Ummm....im Death," said life maker.
Didn't eat animals. But wore them.
Help i cant stop thinking lol!!!!!!
"Wait..." she said, before being unplugged.
I've been specific for 1942 days.
In 9 months he'll be gone.
I'm being followed into absolute darkness.
Tomorrow, I won't appear in court.
Quavering, I turned. Doctor's head dropped.
She tied it tighter. "Be good."
"You bought me a new...straightjacket"
"No place like home," said immigrants.
Blare your radio, but don't text.
Innocent victims? They're casualties of war.
Infantrymen were killed for adulterers honour.
Houston: All your men are dead.
Getaway driver removed the airbags.
He watched her walk away again.
One man. One story. Seven storeys.
Swerved to avoid deer. RIP son.
He got life. His wife didn't.
both in pain. She wanted it
"I'm still here Grandma," I whispered.
"Don't worry, I'm still here." I whispered.
Vlogged their lives. Forgot to live.
This waiting room has 621 magazines.
He has forgiven me. I won't.
The getaway driver had other ideas.
She hasn't left my body yet.
Don't make me dump you again.
The priest hummed showtunes during mass.
Giving money: easy. Giving love: hard.
"...I'm suicidal..." "Hi suicidal... I'm Dad..."
He accelerates. She screams. Hospital time.
#hoomanity #livd #onn #az #!d!ots. #REKT!
Mascara ran down his fractured face.
Hearse crashes into pole. Two casualties.
"We wouldn't adopt you," said dad.
"Peter!" She named him. Baby forever.
Surprise party accident... Newly orphaned/friendless.
"Stop! I can't take much..." "FUCK!"
If you could see your faces...! LMAO!
We see through shit tinted glasses.
More like six word sentences anymore.
A door closes. Another gets unlocked.
"Welcome back," said the doctor smiling.
He said there were 'no' witnesses.
He needed treatment. Not a cell.
He made plans. She made mistakes.
My birth made me an orphan.
Whos gayer, you (the reader who is likely a mod), johnny depp, angelina jolie, brad pitt, or beyonces hideous baby lol? Press 1 for yes 2 for mod 3 for undecided 4 for hideous baby 5 for i love anime and always have or 6 for i lack my own sensory organs
Daddy tried to breast-feed me.
Poor Angelina Jolie lol XD
Divorce. Children side with rich father.
Second-hand pogo stick. Smells funky.
Swerved to avoid child. Hit deer.
The bottle's empty. Like his life.
"Get a room!" said hotel owner.
Paranormal activity in my bedroom. Sex.
I'll apologize when he gets home.
You don't say it back anymore.
Assisted suicide; I kept my word.
My therapist cancels my appointments regularly.
My therapists cancels appointments with me.
Goodbye, Mission Control. Thanks for trying.
Some day I will live again
"I SAID STOP!!! ", BANG. BANG BANG.
He didn't hit her. Rage did.
How about everyone here dies mk
Tipsy? Me? No, officer! I'm drunk!
Danced. Everyone watched. I didn't care.
We parted. Our pet dog undecided.
Hogwarts officially opens doors to all.
"So Many Ciphers." L minor key.
Reading 25 books concurrently, alternating pages.
"Leaving you was never my proud"
"You might've laughed if I left..."
She was exceptionally satisfied. Thanks Google.
Kept a promise, broke my heart.
Grandad advises me on offline relationships.
Dear mods- go fuck yourself bitches! X)
Maybe tomorrow I'll wake up happier.
I thought Death was the End.
"Good morning, this is uuuuh...errrm..."
Want me to cook something? *Kiss
Bought an English thermometer. A thermumeter.
To serve honor and protect. Blushes
Toying with your friends. Correcting them 
"We accept bribes," said the policemen.
Cant see anyone else for he.
Help i cant stop thinking lol
Quality over quantity...extensive research reveals.
Just woke up. His slave again.
I miss the nightly howls now.
"Rum and coke?" "No, neat instead..."
Guess he's not "just a friend"
"Not a drama queen!" she screamed.
"My suicidal tendencies kept me alive."
Six words were all she needed.
Once, he was sure, she'd change.
 45  
The robots were not compassionate masters.
Greeted his family. Six feet away...
Stuck in bathroom. Ate at tacobell.
Wife gave birth. Triplets. Bang bang.
Homosexuality's "not reproductive". Homophobia's not productive.
Youre the only one I see
never say "i love you" again.
Burn me, Turn me, Burn me.
Last human kills self,age eight
Drunk believes car can drive itself
We survived famine, losing our pets.
Her body remained. Her heart didn't.
He was the best of the worst.
Key turned the lock. Detective panicked.
Their break was tough. For him.
"No children allowed". Abortion clinic sign.
If flying vertically avoid telephone wires.
Examining beach. They're unsure. She's offshore.
Accelerating. The mother to be, was.
Her fate. Within the barrel, awaits.
She sleeps beneath her mother's feet.
By the wall. I stood. Momentarily.
"Bye, bestie! .... Oooooh, Susan's so bitchy!"
She doesn't know her own birthday.
You're a rare breed of confident.
"I'm special," I told myself daily.
One accelerator. One mother to be.
Strong current. Whimpering dog. Heroic owner.
Microwave dings. The empty house echoes.
Countless cigarette butts. Outside the hospital.
Censored language is absolute f****** bull****.
Our house is not haunted. Yet.
Wanna get married? -Who are you?
Our new flatmate was homeless yesterday.
He passed gas. She passed test.
"There's no people." "Dream any, miss?"
She sank into the hungry bed.
He got fired. Then he fired.
Missing: Warm, red and very slippery.
Slowly, their friendship became a fra gm en tat io n.
"Why don't you stand?", she teased.
Threw games to propagate escape routes.
We survived famine, lost our pets.
Harder following Me - progressively mimetic spaces.
Her happiness grows, as theirs wanes.
"All preoccupied," she thought happily, thinking.
Gluttony. A dish best served twice.
"Quiet, they've almost disappeared," she thought.
Obsessive architect, forgets to build relationships.
"Stay very still," she told gleam.
"I nailed that!" thought karaoke singer.
"Green tea?," she asked, grinning wildly.
Snail meets pig. Not for long.
Presumed dead. But I knew otherwise.
"You always finish my fucking--" "Sentences?"
He's stiff. She's stiff. He's breathing.
"Quality over quantity." Extensive research reveals.
The funeral homes are lacking patrons...
She lead him to secluded location.
"We serve bacon." said the devil.
Wrote Alice sequel. I slaughter her.
All wishes were granted. No catch.
Speech to veterans. No standing ovation.
Man renounces faith, man was wrong
Born a man, died a salesman.
Her wrists held all the answers.
Porn website. Found girlfriend. Category: Transsexual.
Friend became fiend. Rehab became home.
My suspect lives above my head.
Sneeze heard. Funeral guests raised eyebrows.
"Turn your radio off," instructed detective.
Unexpected holiday? Thanks dad! Where's mum?
Even your very name thrills me.
Investigators examined my property..."TV's loud."
My backyard is full of bones.
Genealogy, it takes me way back.
Mommy, is he my new daddy?
"Texting and driving isn't that diffi-"
Bullied child killed. Finally found peace.
I know why people kill themselves.
Police charged, batteries were not included.
AdBlock: Preventing smashed screens since 2006.
Autocorrect inventor. Zero to hero overnight.
"GET DOWN! There's a Sniper ov--"
GET DOWN! There's a Sniper ov--
Without her, he simply wouldn't write.
Rock climbed. Well, crawled across beach.
I've MIUD. Making Illnesses Up Disorder.
"Any hedonism books?" "No. Fuck off."
Friend became fiend. Fiend reached end.
You are not human to consent.
Parents spoon-fed me. Now toothless.
"What went wrong?" asked his ancestors.
These "Converse" shoes aren't particularly talkative!
Got a nose job. Tissue maker.
"it's nice to meet you again."
His girlfriend was the third wheel.
Atheist. Theist. Love! (An 'a' exchanged.)
Feel this?
Atheist finds family. Drops the "a".
What was The Rock cooking? Lasagna.
Horses. Men. Kings. Gods. Eggs. Walls.
Sale! Vodoo dolls half-price! Masochists welcome!
Take a step. Don't look back.
Amongst dirt, Pokmon card. Nostalgic smile.
War veteran. Home at last! Empty...
Fantasy fetishist regrets hiring berserker prostitute.
War veteran can't hold his son.
Silence arrived at the sirens peak.
"Long time!" dentist exclaimed. "Nice suit!"
"Now single". 172 likes. Not long!
Love hyperbole. More than my children.
"Where'd you go?" "I'm right here."
For Sale: New Pitchforks - Sold Out
Listen, you are now breathing manually.
So he married her younger sister
He profits from their sex. Secretly.
Theist loses family. Adds an "a".
Parents spoon-fed me. Tasted...metallic?
Artist makes millions. Scamming the deluded.
Getaway driver shoots partner in crime.
Dog outfought the current. Owner couldn't.
I love lamp. Lamp loves me.
Tomorrow, my house may be haunted.
She got closure. They got closer.
The snug rope hugged the neck.
He studied children. Not academically either.
A little bird told me, "Reincarnation!"
"Who just sneezed?" asked the priest.
Haunting past, daunting present, taunting future
Yet another box of expired condoms.
His children were literate; grandchildren, not.
She loves her dog. He's allergic.
Cemetery: No one over 18 admitted.
They sold cradle to buy casket.
Saw ex happy, smiling. Sighed - relieved.
Saw ex happy, smuling
"Nothing's wrong, I'm fine" she said.
Framing and hanging: Decoration or murder?
Yung German, ash covered, recently employed
Getaway driver shoots villain. Returns goods.
Found first aid. Second too late.
Apparently, my parking space has magnets.
"Hi kids." I greeted used condom.
Weather forecast for this Friday...inaccurate.
An old flame. A new fire.
Boy finds old photograph. Unrecognisable faces.
Their vacant minds attained false proclaims.
Wrote self-marketing book. It's horrendous.
He began to like the Reptilians.
Dad reconstructed son's old, smashed toys.
Kids blew out ex wife's candles.
He looked at his contacts: -1
Dreams came true but cancer spread
Energy diverted to my brain, lol 
My consciousness eradicates attempted fractal iterations.
Welcome to California, donald. Home base.
"That motherfucker says everything without words."
You are fine, said the voices
Wait, is that a kid? FIRE!
My children blew out wife's candles.
I won't be kept down forever.
Astronaut finds Sagittarius B2. Incredible pub!
Attended ex's funeral. Also, confetti's unpopular.
Crossed the Pacific. Inside a shark.
The fireman's haunting memory, whelping puppies.
"What do you do here?" "Nothing."
Forgot while living. Remembered when not.
Dreamt through the eyes of others.
Orphan of 18. Outlived his friends.
Her ongoing bulimia ate him alive.
Upon his deathbed, he smiled.
I'm not a nonconformist. Everyone is.
Kid takes out candy. Popularity skyrockets.
Death called. Didn't leave a voicemail.
Minded his business. But not hers.
Call me crazy. I'll say thanks.
You like albino porn? Fair play.
Memorable night. So forgotten. Thanks whisky.
Didn't finish his self-help book.
11th. Wished for breasts. Blew candles.
you're the crazy one, *i'm* imaginary
Slowly, freight cars became death wagons.
"I'm not a bad guy" - Death
For offer: Used heart. Once loved.
"I wish we had never talked."
She spat. He smiled. Fired chef.
Yesterday, I will go time travelling.
Smartcar display: sure you wanna brake?
30 minutes later...still no abs?!
Trembling. "I did it for you".
"I'm a con artist," he lied.
Somehow, Lennon and McCartney weren't arthritic.
Her captivating smile hid crippling sadness.
Caveman paintings became our modern art
Died doing what he loved. Writi
Scientists correlate subreddit use with IQ
Highly animated, even though I'm decomposing.
His "famous" last words went unheard.
Baby screaming. Daddy even more aroused.
Baby cried. Diaper full of cum.
I, once again, watched her leave.
Currently controlling all earth events - thoughts?
For sale: baby shoes, never worn.
For sale: baby shoes, never worn.
For sale: baby shoes, never worn.
Devil made my cat do it.
SALE! Slightly used, child sized coffin
Pink satin wallpaper. Glittering ruby chandeliers
Bran muffins are really, really underrated.
Tomorrow, I'm burning every "aspie" alive.
Have a problem? Move to London.
Close your bank accounts soon, friends!
I keep killing japanese women, lol
Should I tell Trump to suicide? 
Last human worker stops pushing button.
At Trump resort. Hold the ice!
Signed check smiling. Couples therapy fantastic.
I F**king Love Science! Good times.
Taunted stalker. Now he's gone forever.
Pessimist enters bar. Orders two drinks.
"Come on Ringo, our hands hurt!"
Track vibrated, horns sounded, he inhaled...
McCartney and Lennon don't have arthritis?!
"Writer's block?" laughed Shakespeare. "What's that?"
War on Drugs? War isn't cheap.
She wanted affection. He gave bruises.
He still wears her wedding ring.
My sister isn't really my sister.
Child accidentally fires gun. Mother widowed.
Anticipation was clouded by crippling indecisiveness.
All our A.Is kept reaching nirvana.
The kingdom's every frog was kissed.
"I'm depressed", "Everyone is, be quiet".
"Make it stop", the mirror sobbed.
Nevermind, it was not that important
Want Me To Kill Your Friends?
24 hours later, our photo's memorabilia.
You like things tied in bows?
His pay check arrived. He sighed.
Unknowingly, guests ate my last victim.
My son drank my medication. Bastard.
Locksmith let himself in. Wrong time.
At mile six, it began raining.
Quietly, she slept. Beneath my feet.
You're amazing the definition of evil.
I hate monkeys. They're such nitpickers.
Famous last words..."Fuck, 1% battery."
Society said, "Be skinny." I didn't.
Between them, talking is not needed.
Assisted suicide. Suddenly everyone's his friend.
Lost love. Please return to Valhalla.
Love at first sight? Never again.
Exes are finally happy. I'm glad.
Someone won. It wasn't Jeb(obviously)
And the candidate said, "Please Clap"
Ask dead men if honor matters
In the end nobody wins wars
The world's last man heard footsteps.
Don't do drug, unless they're mine
Six word Story
She's either cheating or a ventriloquist.
Wife's practising ventriloquism in the bedroom.
Suicide bomber paused...until puppy passed.
Being immortal doesn't stop Rigor Mortis
"I love you, too," she lied.
Any life outside Earth is intelligent.
They entered the abyss. Didn't return.
Smiling, she fed detectives the weapon.
She go wherever I go, Murcielago
"Don't say 'kill me' around robots."
Rump steak chef. Makes ends meet.
"Ma, Doc says it's *virginity*-transmitted!"
"We've reconsidered," I told abortion clinic.
Screams pierced around. Nails pierced him.
Stole a copy of the Bible.
"Miss you." "Does your wife know?"
Please show me caskets for two
The last True Story was "yesterday."
I remember so little of tomorrow
As we left earth it imploded
It's gonna be OK, she lied.
Venezuela. Pets exchanged. Supper was had.
Neighbors say mass shooter always friendly.
Decided pain was better than painkillers.
The rain stopped; the car didn't
Traded a man for a medal
Egg dog egg dog egg dog
Mobile access. Yet no clean water.
Tears, rope, jump, snap, smile, tears.
"Habla ingls?" I asked Spanish Mastiff.
Healthcare premium rose again. Salary didn't.
Huh? Why hasn't her Rohypnol kicke
Humpty Dumpty made a lovely omelette.
Fecal matter tells a shitty story.
Learnt from my misteps. Oops, misstepss.
"Hi Mom," I said to dirt.
"You support Clinton? On the Internet ??? "
Humpty Dumpty made omelette. Talented guy.
Text sent. Text read. Rope tied.
there is something behind you now.
"Daddy look! Mr. Jones is Jonesin'!"
She hurried back into men's clothes.
Dressing, driving, drinking, dancing, driving, dying.
"Who's she? Who's she? Who's he?"
Nursing home employee. Doesn't show up.
What she wanted the least: love
The last thing she wanted: love.
Years later, coffee menus became novels.
Bad feeling. Checked mailbox. Letterbomb fails
The bodies began to pile up.
Guide dog. Wet shoe. No owner.
Disassembled fire alarm. Lit matchstick. Left.
Biscuit thieves. They take the biscuit.
Unlike my dad, I love mine.
She desired him. He just desired.
Prostitute keeps calling me. For conversation.
A normal life doesn't want them.
"Explosives everywhere!" "Grandma, it's Disney World."
I'll look down the barrel to-
Which bathroom should I use now?
Mayfly's biography. Chapter 1: The end.
"Too much blood for one towel."
Curable disease. No hospital in reach.
Birth rate increases. Suicide rate increases.
Sophia suffocated on memories of home
9 months anticipation for 1 funeral
"For sale: Rifle. Only dropped once."
Went bald before I started shaving.
Job applicant: "Hi-" Reviewer swipes left
At 21, I ate a twig.
18 year old orphan. Outlived friends.
My last breath. The world disappeared.
"/join #mars" Fifteen minutes pass. "Welcome!"
"/join #mars" Fifteen minutes pass. "Welcome!'
He cheated. She trusted. Chlamydia spread.
Passing corpses. The peak is near.
Didn't take pill... again. Egg fertilised.
Saved a dying deer. Lost job.
"Nit free," sighed chimp. "I'm hungry!"
"No..." muttered sniper. "Not the boy..."
When I go, we become extinct.
Blind son. Smiles more than me.
"You're...still ejaculating?" gasped female pig.
Slowly, his superiority complex killed him.
"Heaven or hell?" Turritopsis dohrnii laughed.
"Fuck, where's my nuts!?" - Forgetful squirrel.
...That was his loudest scream ever.
Shoehorn social commentary into six words.
The infant slowly eats the cherry.
We guarded the walls of Seattle...
Tomorrow the artist busses tables again.
AIs explore. /r/sixwordstories fills with statements.
School bus no longer stops here.
Today, a soldier celebrated her 14th.
I studied drugs. And a degree.
Fluffy snow fall blanketing metal bedroom
"Don't shoot, we're civilians!" Nobody listened.
Living room: cemetary. Dining room: cemetary.
Sleeps on his grave, waiting. Lovesick.
Even my lawyer can't save me.
"Leave!," he screamed, throwing her makeup.
Days later, her gift became memorabilia.
Pen pal. Ran out of ink.
"Ex falso quodlibet." The universe exploded.
"I do!" the artificial intelligence exclaimed.
And then big corporations took over
Aliens solved global famine. They're delicious.
Your key? I gave to her.
AIs explore. /r/sixwordstories fills with statements.
Earth day ruined by acid rain
Despite warnings, I fucked a goose.
"We sent astronauts up without toliet-paper?"
Threw a party! Caught something too.
Hey Mom! Whoops, I mean Dad.
Learned from my misstakes. Mistakkes.
Connected with nature. Punched a tree.
He detoxed. Wife passed. He detoxed.
Orphan finds new home. The cemetery.
Music composer. Hospitalised. Fed through tuba.
"Where's my medals?" Kleptomaniac son gulps.
She rejected me. I (did)n't care.
"Omelette anybody?" asked a king's man.
We lied and forgave each other.
Today I got fired from Self-Employment
For sale: rifle, only dropped once
Personal achievement is a great drug
A memorable night is easily forgettable.
Free as a bird without wings.
I awoke. Passenger didn't. I ran.
Absurd: (verb) The capital of London.
Pet crocodile died. Shed crocodile tears.
Nothing Really Matters, Just Do You.
I was. I love. I am.
The medication prolonged his shitty existence.
"Hello, emergency services? Bring two stretchers."
OMG Not Another Lego! ...RIP Foot
Befriended the bottle. Not the lover.
Saved owner. Not himself. Poor dog.
Wealthy miser smitten with poor spendthrift.
"Sacrifice yourself, save the world." "...No."
Golden rule of comedy: random  funny
Leave your selves at the door.
There's no medicine to cure heartbreak.
"Table for one. It's our anniversary. "
Lone survivor found. Missing bodies traced.
constructing graceful / minimalistic haikus / ...challenge accepted
Man raped by woman. No headlines.
A memorable night became so forgetful.
"You'll do." - Man with beer goggles.
I love you, she lied. Again.
Doublr vision is true, when drunk.
Why assume I'm trying to be normal?
/r/SuicideWatch: 40,000 subscribers, only 500 active.
Pinned tweet; choose half the story.
This isn't a present. It's memorabilia.
Man raped by woman. No headlines.
Your friend made advances. I denied.
"This poem's memorabilia," I informed her.
Through snores, tears, farts. They loved.
Internet became reality. Lust became love.
His heart pounded. His chest ticked.
"We're going to need another ambulance."
Mum warned me of you, dad.
People gathered. Some confused. Some aware.
It wasn't H2O, it was H2SO4
Died without living. For 74 years.
Oh, what's that? "Mind Your..." Ouch!
Grandmother's attic door. Flies dispersed. Stench.
Finished my biography. Spoiler: Disappointing.
He's serious. She's not. They are.
Kleptomaniac visits his grandma. Takes liberties.
I always post six-word comments here.
"No reason to stay," she thought
His pendant. Her photo. Their memory.
"Next customer, please." said Robot 2741.
"I made that film." dictated Tyler.
Woman in sheepskin "loves animals", apparently.
His medicine grew below his feet.
The things I do for karma.
He walked his exhausted horse home.
The things we do for karma
He escaped! She wasn't waiting though.
"I'm a private investigator," said gynaecologist.
"Hello, paranoia helpline...I'm watching you."
Forgot her medication. Everyone could tell.
He witnessed everything. But said nothing.
Immortality will make me eternally grateful.
Voted for socialism. Got socialism. Bugger.
Wins lottery - and is suddenly single.
Five words. Five-year-old daughter becomes niece.
Three flies on the same turd
I drink, therefore I am not.
everyone else made it out fine.
I'm hitler's brother...seriously stop him
When you died, so did I.
A baby doesn't necessarily mean marriage.
We're still together in my dreams.
Skipped class. Got high. Learnt something.
Locksmith invites himself in. Ex screams.
Flies buzzed the chorus of death.
"Tell nobody of this." insisted Daddy.
Studied Roman Numerals IV VI years.
Expecting your call and disappointment too.
The pool bottom has claw marks.
He's mad, she's sad, lawyers glad.
I'm not angry; I'm just disappointed.
CV. Hobbies: Lying in job interviews.
Anxiety books?...Scared to ask librarian.
Sirens neared. I smiled. Didn't flee.
Obese man names his penis "Wally".
"Stop buffering!" whispered horny teenager sweatily.
The drive safely sign was overturned.
They could not afford being happy...
Vampires meet. Love at first bite.
He hates these cans! Stay Away!
Nah, the Bills don't want Simpson.
Never been so wrong before. Oops!!!
Dogfighting squirrel saved us once again
We both deserve happiness. Kiss me.
Up tree. Can't wait till dark.
Before he was born, I am.
The house is blue, white, yellow
Typing from inside the dishwasher. Clean
Grass looked greener. Now she's gone.
Coffin completely full of cum preserve.
Fighting forever. So victory comes never.
That woman's coughing creeps me out
How many replacements should I make?
"One second doll." Hearing aid off.
Morning. Smile clumsily tied around breakup.
Drank to forget. Forgot to stop.
Morning. Smile clumsily tied around loneliness.
He tapped on her door softly
Traded my soul for something cool ;)
Raven, Jackdaw, Crow, Magpie, Jay, Nutcracker
He played dirty, then came clean.
This is the last time, please
Bloody walls, bed, floor, ceiling, bathroom
Sky lit by nuclear lightbulb crafts
Bugs from high speed, not decomposition.
He recited his vows by memory.
Each more inventive, then radiply mechanized.
The dawning of another meaningful discovery
I don't sleep in the dark.
One hundred cable changes. All reruns.
Mexico City is not Gotham, Batman.
"Now Hiring! *Trannies need not apply."
Last login: russian proxy. He's watching
"Never again," she whispered, cutting downwards.
"I am mute." "You don't say?"
Who said we're drinking for pleasure?
The earth revolves, I stand still.
His kisses gave me anxiety attacks
Gloomy gothic violent lovesick suffocating imprisoned
*Watches every rainbow star system nervously*
Perpetual motion machine watches descendants ascend
Once upon a time, humans breathed.
"Bigger isn't always better, you dick."
Hey! That's where I was murdered!
For Sale: Baby's Coffin, Never Used
Gunfire ricochet against my bedroom wall.
A depressed mime, suffers in silence.
The private investigator became the hunted.
drinking shots, drank lots, drunk thoughts
Can I buy just one bullet?
Nice to cum every 40 seconds
I kissed her poorly. We're done.
"Standing up to me won't work."
After 70 times I got bored
"Another autograph, dear?" asked her sister.
It's time for everyone to cum.
Time for everyone to cum, lmao
"Sit up...Im gonna cum now"
"I'll trust," said God adding freewill.
"Do it now," she told herself.
Nukes launched. Merry Christmas Martian colonists.
"I study children," said Piaget clumsily.
He was unarmed. Police assumed otherwise.
"Im bad with directions," I lied
"I work undercover," I told everyone.
Buy stuff, Made in China, locally.
Smelt the steel. Ate the bullet.
So hungry I can't think straight
I tried. I lost. I returned.
Brave princess looking for fair knight.
Eventually, the cigarettes stopped him smoking.
Electricity off. Amish neighbors will overcome.
Lottery ticket paper cut killed him.
Electricity out. Amish neighbors accepting it calmly.
Beauty fainted. Lied "I know CPR"
higher education
I hate second opinions, don't you?
A politician's shadow shows more sincerity.
A politician's shadow is more emotional.
Here lies humanity. Do not resucitate.
"I hired a therapist." "Another one?"
"I feel neglected." "Who are you?"
Binned his "Get well soon" card.
Dad's looking at life insurance policies...
"I told my therapist about you"
This one's a work in progress.
"I'll trust," said God adding freewill.
"The jury finds Mrs. Clinton guilty."
Smoked weed. Dad noticed. High five.
Just entered the opticians. I think.
Votes only matter in swing states.
She smiled; they ate the weapon.
"I believe," said God adding freewill.
Correction: NSA funding redirected to NASA
This hospital wing has a padlock.
Confrontation brings problems, just ignore him.
"I believe," said God, adding freewill.
an empty stroller rolling off downhill.
Large horse for sale. Never worn.
Someone has stolen my criminology book.
Leave work. She's there. Troubles subside.
"Her blood tasted different." I thought.
Ice caps. The best summer accessory.
Couldn't write biography. Hadn't lived enough.
Libertas, Aequitas, Veritas. Then there's Trump.
Six word battle. Wear brown trousers.
He thought she was sleeping. Awkward.
Walking life's pathway. Destination remains unknown.
They exchanged cradle for a coffin.
"No light! I prefer the darkness."
Prepared bowl of cereal. No milk.
There's just like blood, cum everywhere
Cramps hurt so bad can't think
"What the fuck is an emmet?"
"Itchy scalp? Please resist, Mr Scissorhands."
Me: "Gym today!" Rain: "Nice try."
My nightclub wingman is a scarecrow.
Family Land For Sale. Will Divide.
Free coffin (damaged); used only once
An intense darkness engulfed the campsite...
I only ask that you try...
We destroyed it, after conquering earth
Distressed Dammisel Deactivates Demonic Doomsday Device
This subreddit is full of twats.
They made Mars the third planet.
I could've done it in five...
Deadpool - The Amy Schumer of Superheroes
"Give up, honey. I've soundproofed walls."
Absence made the part grow longer.
"Ew!" she swallowed. "Salty!" ...Oyster tasting.
I woke up? No not again.
He's homophobic. Unless it's lesbian porn.
Their carts bumped. They exchanged smiles.
God doesn't believe in her children.
They spoke in an unknown language.
"How do they think of these...."
"The more pathos the better...please!"
"Miniature story - it's like a puzzle!"
Abusive dad tries reaching out. Voicemail.
Eleven words we love about Bangla
I froze as the beast moved.
Most days aren't worth living anyway.
There's vomit on his sweater already
Her last words were "no...please"
Father prays for vengeance at synagogue
Your mother and I are disappointed.
Require large young breasts to suckle.
"Get back here with that ladder!"
About to get my period ugh :(
I froze as the beast moved.
Saw through my eyes - burned alive
Walked in on teacher during recess
"That's MY mascara!" daughter informs father.
'.. But we were on a break!'
150m decent; only 100m of rope.
In my dreams we are lovers.
You remind me, that everything's OK.
Meanwhile, Ernest's ghost watched on, disappointedly.
One king size bed. Two queens.
Diet diary: Day 1) Pizza's great.
Mom named me after Lauren Bacall
Diet diary: Day 1) Pizzas nice.
Baby clothes sale. Birthed enormous infant
Funnel cloud in sight. No basement.
My wife's haunted. Until the delivery.
Suddenly, Eminem's mom stopped making spaghetti.
Eminem's mom stopped making spaghetti.
"All you need is grub." - Beetles.
Alarm didn't go off. Enjoyed day.
"The nostalgia..." thought butterfly, watching caterpillar.
This "cake" tastes like body fluid.
Lonely male, 38, seeks third hand.
They fucked. She forgot. He didn't.
This waiting room needs air-conditioning.
"Ventriloquist" talks out of his ass.
What is a word any way?
Her prison freedom. His prison her.
His freedom Imprisoning. Her imprisonment liberating
Gunshots echo shortly in small houses.
She suicided and came back, darker.
"That sounded like a fart" --kid.
She plays Hendrix as a warmup.
Landlady died. She still wants rent.
Practised on birds while he waited.
I'm not posh. Ask my butler.
"I won't return the pictures. Sorry"
Russian doll passes away. Six funerals.
The only survivors could run miles
Jumped. Then I changed My Mind.
A stone is not a substitute.
Common sense and human emotions. Total strangers.
Kim found in hole. Koreans rejoice.
"Today's special." She nods bemused. Alzheimer's.
"happy Mother's day from us, -cum"
Tell your daughter "happy mothers day"
Made home server. He won't register :P
My mom and I trespass together
She died as a Russian doll.
How doctor?! He wore a condom!
"Wish you happy Mother's Day... Dad"
This Mother's Day, I wished dad.
"It's suicide." "Three headshots, Jake." "Suicide."
Dear Necessity, Happy Mother's Day! -Invention
"It's not addictive, roll me another"
How did we become strangers again?
Commander Cody, execute 'Order sixty six'.
She was unique...she tasted different.
He thought the light was Green.
The worst part: I had her.
"I hate quotes" said my nan.
Her children grew. She slept on.
"Oh you're pregnant!" (I don't care).
Tallest hills have the greatest views.
"It's suicide." "Three headshots, Jake." "Suicide."
"Why's this crypt locked from inside?"
Different outfit, different look, same heart
I don't bite until you beg.
Mom is dying. I'm going blind...
You look sexier with clothes on.
Beneath
"Her" dog became our dog. Diarrhoea.
What is your new addicton? Reddit.
Invented lie-detector for politicians. Sold poorly.
"I do," she said. He cringed.
in a broken mirror, we stared.
Leaving, but my heart remains here.
With others, but yet still alone.
My wife flashed before my eyes
I frowned; my reflection grinned back.
I keep ordering food for two
Icy Road, Wide Load, Halo Bestowed
"I'm not-" "You are, now die."
"But I'm not-" "You are, die!"
Something I disagreed with ate me.
They danced. It rained. Everybody drowned.
Always bets on long shots. Wins.
Climate cycle chemicals trails sun change.
All the clones taste the same.
"We've hung on," said Corbyn triumphantly.
This subreddit now known as r/sixwordpunjokesquotes.
That is all folks. The end.
This subreddit now known as /r/sixwordspunjokesquotes.
This subreddit now known as r/sixwordspunjokesquotes.
King's horses. King's men. Made omelette.
Daughter's casket was heavier than mother's.
Dalmatian rolls in paint. Becomes Labrador.
Live life well! It ends soon...
And I stay home alone, nevermore.
Nowhere to go, still somehow lost.
"Tell my wife" "No." Gunshot echoes.
This getaway driver had other ideas.
Urn. Baby. Her family ain't heavy.
She never got to do it...
"Boy or girl?" "Neither. It's doughnuts."
Your gravestone should come with Kleenex.
Gave dog a bone. Arrested. Bestiality.
Artwork one thousand years from now.
Trump dies during hand-enlargement surgery.
"Hi, I'm from Hong Kong." "Nho!"
"Killing you WILL bring her back."
Opens reddit. More fucking Ramen pictures.
Never killed until I met you.
"where did all my friends go?"
He's an orphan because he exists.
Doing drugs doesn't make you cool.
Unsolicited advice: tell your fans to fucking die.....tell them how worthless they are.....stop letting them attack you....i cant stand it....i cant do anything about it....why wont you defend yourself....they are eating away at you...i cant stand it...
Mayflies will live longer than me.
For sale: My biography. Wouldn't recommend.
Phone rings at last. Wrong number.
The House stands adjourned, sine die.
Fireflies still dance on their grave.
Saw praying mantis. Ironically, in church.
Houston, there's no problem. I'm home.
Never sucked a nipple growing up.
Her acne stopped her getting pregnant.
That night, her coffin lid rose.
I cant stand it any more.
Born a child. Died one too.
Porn. Relationship. Marriage. Porn. Divorce. Porn.
How to become a pessimist: Don't.
luddites. Don't fear. Remember and wonder.
"Why though?" "why not?" "its boring."
The boy removed his sister's bra.
I'm not a nonconformist. Everyone is.
"Story?" AI told, "We eliminated humans"
"I do." . . . "I do." . . . "I do."
K - The racist, abrupt texting clan.
Found a cure. Hours too late.
Went greyhound racing. They beat me.
Entered unisex toilet. Stuck to floor.
"Lose abs in 30 minutes!" Clicks...
"Go deeper inside me!" - MRI machine.
A mysterious hooded figure pondered memes.
 "Hope Drone! Shootin' down other drones!" 
Don't think her Rohypnol has kic
"They literally call their planet 'ground'."
"Scratch the hand that feeds." - Cats.
Son blocked toilet. Better reuse chainsaw.
I'm testing immortality. Despite much objection.
Hitman mistake. Turns gun on himself.
Got 12 months. But wanted lifetime.
Paying 9k a year. Studying criminology.
She faked it. Sadly, he couldn't.
Spent 23 years trying to live.
I'm getting tired, goodnight mom....goodbye
Following her Mothers sixth Unsuccessful career...
"Whats that?" it says. "Want more?"
New man can't shake old identity.
"Soup's salty..." "Sure is," sniggered waiter.
Slept with Beyonc. Awoke with Chewbacca.
She asked for forgiveness. He laughed.
My therapists think I am crazy!
He holds me like a rifle.
Reversed liposuction; gained seven hundred pounds!
My life was saved by music.
Where do you think we are?
"Following her father's successful sixth term..."
LPT: Never treat functionaries as individuals.
Cum cum cum cum cum cum
Live for today. Tomorrow never comes.
"Living well's best revenge?" *click* "Bullshit."
Though obscene, our love, it screams!
Gambler sought quick thrill. Now single.
I questioned my neighbour. He perspired.
Father adopted her stutter during eulogy.
Midget goes firewalking. Ouch, dear testicles.
Grinded on girl. Fell off skateboard.
Depressed, 23, male seeks rich female.
the cold, dark, and the silence.
"Where is my competition?" watched Ernest.
Fisherman gets last ever catch. HIV.
Final Journal Entry: We tried everything...
She aborted the child he wanted.
Sometimes, all I want is pizza.
You can't spell avalanche without Alan.
"it's a party. not a funeral."
"Our relationship's..." He rewound time. Again.
"I'm still running for President? Ooops"
"This relationship's..." He rewinded time - again.
Contrast
I lied - this is good bye
Found an escape - now Im free
God's signature on Earth recently discovered.
Discovered true sexuality. After prostate exam.
Fisherman gets last ever catch. AIDS.
I forget you more every day.
Hikers hiking to be present together.
Darn softwares crop mindsets, not video.
=8=
Her favorite ciccolo resembled her grandson.
Hate my birthday. It's mom's deathday.
Brain was healed. Couldn't sense body.
They met, they loved, they parted
If you're reading this, I'm dead.
In the end, I felt deju-vu
Cum cum cum cum cum cum
"Where's my competition?!" laughed Ernest, watching.
Me: math prodigy. You: natural leader.
Knowing only math, im a mystery.
"We're more different than you think. "
~5 here. "Dying industry!" cried William.
"Last but not least," said dyslexia.
Sold my soul. Devil returned it.
i believed all of your lies
Derrick filled the void Susan left.
Dear Reddit, thanks for the laughs!
Expensive life insurance policies recipient: cum
Tfw cums standing right behind u
The essence is always all encompassing
Tfw u forget to walk cum
Cum cum cum cum cum cum
No one tries to be hypocritical.
And drips to the floor - garbage.
It leaks through my deft fingers
I am me, I am you
*trying to block it with hands*
It kept spurting, more and more.....
Cum from a huge cock = heaven
Thick milky white pure love cum
After reviewing your application, we regret...
My mom and I need cum.
Reliance on timepieces makes them forget
Fr sal: Typwritr. In mint cnditin.
I cant find the new kidney.....
I'm not a nonconformist. Everyone is.
Sung your lullaby in the eulogy.
"You look sexy," she told him
Doctor called. My mother died, again.
Nervously, brother tries on sister's bra.
Loved your children. They were delicious.
Splashing playing laughing growing stronger faster
The neighbours aren't as noisy tonight.
Cum milk love thick and boiling
Me: hot blonde. You: hot cum
Blonde seeking hot cum on face
"Leash on" -- "Ok here u go"
Cum cum cum; cum - cum cum.
We gave up. But doctor's didn't.
Pathetic pieces of shit, swapping pleasantries
Burglar finds family photograph. Empties sack.
My homeschool teacher is so hot.
Harder to climb, easier to fall.
Single parent: Two kids; one pet.
She saw hope. Despite being blind.
"Oh God!" The inflection is everything.
Burglar finds photographs. Empties his bag.
Bouncers were vigilant. Frequenters became wiser.
"Recommendations?" I asked bartender. "Diet coke."
Went out hopeful. Came home regretful.
Kleptomaniac visits grandma's house. Takes liberties.
Popping zits. It's cheaper than MDMA.
Sorry dad, but I'm not gay...
Operation unstoppable. Keep kid in salami.
One year without her. Twenty-four with.
Foraging sausage dogs learn life's lessons
One month without her. 184 with.
ISIS driverless car fleet. Complete carnage.
The wall will keep us in.
Can't break the routine of living.
Sunday breakfast is blood and flesh.
Three heartbeats. Delivery room. Two heartbeats.
An only son, a folded flag.
Death's car just lost its brakes.
I was once a perfectionis t.
I am stronger than everyone here
Popped the dingy. Son couldn't swim.
Don't want it to hurt anymore
Phoned accident helpline. Didn't mean to.
She married first. I married more.
We sat and waited. Footsteps neared.
She's a widow now. By choice.
"I am God. So are you."
Dog watches window for owner's headlights.
Heard her. Before I saw her.
Silenced the bullies. Followed their order.
According to my cat, reincarnation exists.
Never saw my Grandfather in colour.
Self note: Don't swim after asparagus.
Dad's a widower. Because of dad.
"Help, not shame." grieved drug addict.
"Stand clear." Didn't listen. Two dead.
Found dildo in drawer. Divorced dad.
"Long time no see," he lied.
Smelled trouble. Diaper check. Oh God!
He said it won't grow back
And thus it had been ended.
a single word could change you.
my life in just ten seconds.
Want to die. Too much effort...
She lives alone with her decisions.
*soaks sun* *balances on tRee pEaks*
*Laps self* *Laughs* Time to eat! X)
Thunderous it called. Lightening her eye.
*cum grows wings* *cum flies off*
"The Lord of the Ants Lolz!!!!!!!!!"
"This is gluey. Feels like ants"
White streams ran down her cheeks
He covered her forehead and lips
"if you blink I cum later"
*plays with sunbeam* Cum on Me
*wants cum for breakfast lunch dinner*
Constantly trying to impress my exes
*goes to sleep* *wakes on Jupiter*
*gulps down gallons of cum* *yawns*
Widow fucks hitman. Needs another one.
Confessed my emotions. I regret everything.
"and all our time faith justifying"
*Loathes all others* *stares at You*
I work undercover. Not very well.
United by love. Separated by coffins.
*opens legs apart* ive been dreaming
"We're immoral," said getaway driver, accelerating.
*cleans u with my spiked tongue*
*is a spider* stay still now...
*Slits all your throats* *cums violently*
The biggest gateway drug is curiosity.
*pussy and mouth drool* whos hungrier?
"please cum down my throat now"
*your cock applies my evening makeup*
*Loves your cum on my hair*
*hold u close and bounces fast*
*needs cum rubbed all over face*
*Waves lap stone in hidden moonlit cove*
One Dad, Five Years, No Cigarettes.
Seven letters are always in fashion.
Possessing power he perished from passivity.
Upcoming election...who's your favourite liar?!
"Choke me with my hair, daddy"
Possessing power he perished through passivity.
Mbius strip inventor. Going nowhere fast.
*licks wet tip of your cock*
Pooped during Pulp Fiction. Dog died.
*opens mouth* *begs with my eyes*
Peter Blake, my album cover's empty.
*lays on bed* *fingering myself daydreaming*
Currently on the Be Quiet diet.
*gags* *wipes vomit up with sponge*
Exercise improves decision making. Never again.
*drools all over your stiff cock*
Bought my child cigarettes. Addiction's lonely.
Sitting on veranda. Waiting for anything.
Two words ruined their lives forever.
Chef looks satisfied. Soup tastes salty.
Drug deal turns interesting. Both cops.
Pursued his pastime... Couldn't play billiards.
*sucks dick lifelessly like lawn ornament*
*sucks balls out through your urethra*
You can have your identity back.
So, you think you can dance?
"Mr. Trump, tear down this wall".
Harder he said. My friend sharpie
Dad's amazing at hide and seek!
Cable out two days. Imminent divorce.
Celestial fireworks begun. Just before Apocalypse.
Game over. Now I leave town
She didn't feel our final kiss.
I wish a butt Uber existed.
"None taken," she said, feeling offended.
Grandpa's rocking chair suddenly went quiet.
Alien message: 'You never learn muggles'
"But..." "Good citizens always plead guilty!"
Seeing someone about sex addiction. Prostitute.
Made my choice. Wish i didn't.
Rubik's Cube solved. Dropped into paint.
They poured gasoline on his coffin.
Pursued his passion. Couldn't pay bills.
His life was a Mbius strip.
Learned sex education. From science teacher.
Jumped red light. Impressive pogo stick!
Word verifications couldn't be more 4NN0Y1NG.
President Trump, your wall is ready.
"Found your hamster!" "Where?!" "Vacuum cleaner."
Hanging is a suspended life sentence.
Drinking until the cow comes home.
Cured ED. But how? Sexier women.
Father's day's doubly expensive for me.
Don't forget me. My reflection stared.
Grandpa greeted me with a handshake.
A forest grew over our battlefield.
. . . . . . nigga knocked out a fuckin' ghost . . . . .
Branches of government: Deaf, blind, mute.
He loved the smell of drugs.
Crossing this blackhole, we'll find God.
My financial freedom emotionally trapped me.
The air bags said, "Goodbye child."
Artist shared his vision. Still homeless.
"It wasn't suicide," I admitted shamefully.
Male, 23, seeking woman with VAGINA.
Reagan, Bush, Clinton, Bush, Obama, Trump.
Aliens visited. They sighed. They left.
Let's show everyone our "amazing" relationship.
Ancient keyboard restored to teach language
The garage still smelled of gasoline.
"Good citizens don't plead *not* guilty!"
Hello, father of my last meal.
I watch. If only you knew.
Anal Edison National Geographic Special #6
After we finished, I finished him.
Daughter's birthday. Single dad wept alone.
Despite wanting to, I never replied.
Studying doctor. Loses girlfriend. Wrong medicine.
Left the hospital a single man.
Curiosity is the biggest gateway drug.
Rubbish collector. Disturbing discovery. Unveils fetish.
The horse is old. Decision time.
Bukkake compilation facial hot music cum http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=1814226936
Missing: Common sense. Last seen - nowhere
Hi In Great Pain, I'm Dad!
I walked away thinking you'd following
I can not stand anti-stories.
"What's a languish burier?" she asked.
She gave up everything- for nothing.
Marijuana: The gateway drug to fun.
"It's a boy! Wait...it was."
There's a bump on her neck...
Wasn't true love till they farted.
Wife vacated. He painted his fingernails.
Remember when this sub was good?
Slept besides Grandma. Only I awoke.
Hours ago, this meal was roadkill.
Lonely undertaker speaks to his clientele.
Rubbish collector. Disturbing discovery. Unveils fetish.
His first words were his last.
Removed son's armbands. Clearly quite prematurely.
His hand traced her sleeping body.
Bent the rules. Straightened my vision.
Licked the knife. Teeth became red.
Two beliefs sleeping on one pillow.
Stray dog saved. Just in time.
Aliens landed. They sighed. They left.
Rubbish collector. Disturbing discovery. Moves out.
Love can turn the poor rich.
They sat. They waited. Footsteps neared.
We named you after Grandfather, Adolf.
Entered hospital married. Left it single.
He walked off. The rope tightened
His wife just threw away *her* pacifier.
His wife just discarded *her* pacifier
Id rather be heartless than hearbroken
Light's on inside, but nobody's home.
I am obsessive, shes compulsive. Disorder.
...
Had to return my mother's present.
"Turn off my machine." "OK." "...Mum!"
"It's either me or Reddit!" "OK."
Overcame depression. Had nobody to tell.
"I'm pregnant...just like your wife."
Bought a rock after her funeral.
His girlfriend will start puberty soon.
"I fuck my clientele," murmured undertaker.
I chose hell. Knowingly and willingly.
The crooked politician cackled with glee.
"I'm not drunk again," I lied.
I came. I saw. Tree Porn.
Greatest Russian roulette player lost once
St. Peter: There's no 80/20 rule.
Private investigator gets long wet blowjob
Girls daddy's home! Girls?? Girls!!!! Thud.
Palindrome Championship: "Rise to vote, Sir"
Sorry, my first kill was clumsy
In my mirror, my mother's image.
Mistress was the only position available
Estonia welcomes first refugees from Canada.
Third world discount LASIK! 51% success.
Eternal bliss! In a timeless dimension...
Father's will left me everything. Champagne?
think howard sterns wife'll miss him?
Missed dad's funeral while preparing mother's.
Too cold to maintain an erection.
Pickpocket gets robbed by a friend.
This dummy will do the job.
Your opinion sucks. In my opinion.
Daytime priest. But night-time hypocrite.
"Does reincarnation exist?" "Yes," replied otter.
My stutter saved me a drink.
Mum and dad look so different.
Letter from dad. Spelt name wrong.
Hell over heaven. Better welcoming party.
Mary, supercalifragilisticexpialidocious is fucking stupid. Stop.
I died. Then things got weirder.
"When do you leave for work?"
The Captain's wound defeated his hope.
Why do dogs like licking pussy?
Sorry, I was waving at *her*
Circumcised dicks look like plucked chickens
I've never been this happy before........
Dirty dishes; unmopped floors; Happy robot
What keeps us together? Nothing! Lol! X)
Im already bored of this sub
I want to watch you bleed.
Frequencies off, talk to yaa laaaataa
*Pushes dresser into glass wall sexually*
!
White tiger lunges or tries ASL
I want a well-used welcome mat.
She misinterpreted the test's second line
*Kisses your face over and over*
And then the dog's eyes faded.
Thankfully, the doctor's could save him.
Beneath the flooring, there is evidence.
This train won't reach its destination.
This train won't reach it's destination.
"Don't usually s-stutter," I smiled.
"Reincarnation exists?" "Yes," replied a frog.
Hell over heaven. Better after-party.
Unfortunately, blaring sirens won't bring her back.
I'm lost and I love it.
Her eulogy will require several pens.
She locked herself out on purpose.
Mum taught me how to shave.
You look like my next ex.
My grandfather taught me too much.
Calm in mind, calm at night.
Studying, she didn't notice me leave
We're naming the disease after you.
Scum, like politicians, rises to the top.
"Sun's just.. hiding," weatherman reassures, unblinking.
Sitting together, they text love messages.
I'm playing this game to win.
!
"Believe me...we're only practicing CPR"
His first time, became her last.
Clinton wins popular. Trump wins electoral.
"Believe me, we're only practicing CPR"
Brother, father one mother. Nicest anagram.
Pregnant? Smoking? You make me sick.
"YOU'VE BLASPHEMED," was scrawled in red.
She's imprinted in train driver's mind.
Time to make this murder suicide.
Mime tells nobody about tortured past.
Charon's Cold Coin
Funny thing is, someone -is- smartest
Hi kids, do you like violence?
There is no larger cultural meaning
Better to die here than there.
Jailed for murder. Stayed for sex.
They broke us apart for laughs.
Betrayed till i stopped speaking, ever
No, just a table for one.
Skinny jeans. Beer belly. Singles night.
Sit back enjoy my Magnum opus 
Now watch chaos take world control :)
Im in trouble with the law
"Drive safe." "I will," I lied.
"I can't stand you anymore!" "Same."
Private investigator becomes infatuated with suspect.
I lost my sobriety chips today.
Talkative taxi driver chauffeurs observant cop.
Imprisoned for theft. Reunited with father.
One crash. Two deaths. The passenger.
There's no queen in my deck.
I love you, but I can't
"You're moist," smiled her rapist, surprised.
Looked through windows. Now through bars.
Exited the hospital. Removed his ring.
Beneath my skin, a maniac's brewing.
One last pill just to sleep.
"Honey, what's this bruising?" "I...fell."
I'm thick skinned. Well, technically, fat.
His next victim was a policewoman.
Don't have favourite child. Hate both.
I am so good at bluffing.
You're dead, but you still visit
Her birthday. Checked Facebook. No notifications.
"But i love you...." "But why?"
Birthday. Checked Facebook. No notifications.
I finally loved, after you left.
Click, scroll. Be amazed. type, submit.
He wiped knife with her lingerie.
My biography's a work in progress.
Whats the worst that could happen
Five adult siblings stuck in elevator.
When even the tap sounds like him
Wife had affair. With private investigator.
Tonight, I insist you call me Stolen Car
I know her better than myself.
I need you inside me now
my caps lock key is broken.
Weekends feel the same as Mondays.
I could paint her all day.
"There's ash on your shirt...son."
Found a smashed headlight. And dummy.
I love you forever, until weekend.
Divorce granted. One cried. Other smiled.
"Why did I fall for you?"
2 years, 21 days. Zero letters.
Rump steak. It makes ends meat.
Talentless artist seeks success. Gets it.
"It was him." He just smiled.
Entered hospital married. Left it single.
Metal detector. Found ex wife's ring.
Buried neighbour's dog. Stopped him barking!
Same roof. Different lovers. Both afraid.
"Look, son. New rabbit!" "That's roadkill..."
Dog not hungry. Bird cage empty.
The foul stench of my lover.
The planet exploded freeing humanities souls
Americans upset, EU funding presidential hopefuls.
He awoke to a cold bed.
Hurry, anger Dad. He hits softer.
"Your father's last breath was delicious."
mother nature
They wrongfully murdered my identical twin.
A voice answered the schizophrenic undertaker.
"Oh shit...it's you," realises hitchhiker.
Train driver witnesses his coworker's suicide.
Private investigator has affair with protagonist.
The bullet penetrated. Just like him.
Private investigator has affair. Wife informs.
"Don't tell anyone," bribed the cop.
He's my friend. So was I.
It's cute when she says "No!"
Midgets always keep a low profile.
"Last but not least..." said autocorrect.
What is left is not right.
Lost limbs. But won my marriage.
First time skydiving. Also, his last.
He laughed with them. Tearful inside.
Checks dating matches while on toilet
Daughter left. Daughter's boyfriend left bruises.
At that point, you move on
She applied foundation. To cover bruising.
"I've never slept with a human..."
Not my fault the bridesmaid's horny...
Porn disgusted him. Kept her loyal.
Coma patient (Leichester fan) wakes up...
Orphan child finds new home. Cemetery.
First place! Blue shell... Seventh place.
Mum taught me how to shave.
Hate bananas! Associate bananas with vomit.
"We're done." *sigh* Rewind time - again.
Is there ever a happy ending?
I miss the fck outta u
Broke up. Went home. Missed her.
"You weren't adopted. I... kidnapped you."
Pyongyang: Countrywide Koolaid 'toast' elicts worry.
North Korea: Koolaid 'toast' elicts worry.
Love
if u hunt me ill disappear
And they ate of the tree
i have to have something else
Major Tom, Purple Rain. Who's next?
Tears are more beautiful near death.
Sometimes achievements take more than passion.
One banana sandwich. Love you kid.
Each time you're drunk I'm not
He's the Picasso of plastic surgery.
Highly competitive: annual fifty cent raise
He played Russian roulette, chambers full.
"Just like your mother. But uglier."
The life support. Needed no more.
Amazingly, daughter's eulogy no longer required.
"That's gay." "Yeah, that's the point."
I thought he was just asleep.
Thank you dear doctor. Goodbye wheelchair.
"We can change the world. Together."
A vagina. Then penis. Big change.
sixwordstories
Consumerism / Sating the massive demand / Immediately
Daddy covered Waldo with his thumb
Hello. Love forever. Don't go. Goodbye.
All was imminent, then long gone.
Seven days starving, makes one weak.
"Don't go to rehab. I'm lonely."
"Heads!". "Tails", I win. Now Run...
We may need the baby shoes
Hawking orders doctor: "You shall obey."
I wrote biography in six words.
Sent message. Took a breath. Jumped.
She binges, dazed, trembling guilt-laced fingers.
Mom's collection of bongs was impressive
Slave available: one owner, gently used
Sex fiend needs companion apply within
He feigned falling for human interaction.
My private investigator is hiding something.
Wrote annoyingly...Because I got high.
He quiets memories with liquid amnesia.
The guide dog was found. Alone.
RIP. First man testing bulletproof vest.
"You are never a disappointment, son."
Parenthood ends with a sumptuous meal.
I'm testing immortality. Despite much dismay.
Stole his shoes, walked a mile
Rope snapped. I MUST be fat!
The surgery didn't go as planned.
Died holding her self-help book.
"New vase?" asked daughter. Father wept.
Talentless artist seeks success. Finds it.
Eugenics council announced single gender strategy.
starting with words wound in brass
He couldnt remember passing med school
Afterwards, they lived happier lives apart.
I'm not that bad, am I?
I hated cemeteries; finally settled there.
Baby shoes: Worn once, never again
Three days in bed. Still tired.
I pass time with sleeping pills.
Baby shoes: bought once, never worn.
Her eulogy. A blank A4 page.
Clinton/Bush diplomatic marriage sparks fear.
So many assholes in this subreddit
OK we get it he's dead
Assessing my testicles. I'm...a smurf?!
Forgot my medicine? Never remember anymore.
Yes. Fuck yes! Shit...better go.
Make women breathless. I'm a treadmill.
He put the needle before her.
Prime Minister cursed, the queen laughed.
She no longer needed the babysitter.
She no longer needed the baby sitter.
We all lose our minds sometimes.
Tell me you are fucking kidding
They explored their bodies. Found Euphoria.
Writing reports, while the world ends.
She got jealous. She got surgery.
Blew cigarette smoke in doctor's face.
Save the morphine. I'm nearly gone.
"Stop! You're -" "Too old?" "- my mom!"
This piata screams like my brother.
Prince died of the flu. Wow.
Everything is edible at least once
Former wife was also a Marine.
He grew weary of the argument
Got carded for the last time.
"...that bony kid caused my toothache"
I never said I loved her.
Pipe dreams. Never exposed to light.
Dirty travel agent makes clean getaway.
Total network failure. Not my fault.
Seven billion people died alone today.
Drink some food coloring. Dye inside.
She left in a body bag.
Hitler was weak president Trump laughed.
Hillary Won, Bernie failed, America Lost.
The grandbaby's laughter freed her soul
Afraid of the unknown? Read on.
Whoosh! At least I'm still alive.
"Can't you feel?" "Not in Program."
Reddit: where biased opinion becomes fact
they both cried in separate rooms.
I made it look like suicide.
Awoke in my bed. Nice change.
Day six: Stopped signaling, started praying.
If at first don't succeed, double-down.
Our divorce, over a burnt toast.
"Smackjack, you are NOT the father."
That's okay. I already have cancer.
Being transgendered is a mental illness.
"Don't handcuff me, officer. I've merinthophobia"
As a Cop, I've done worse
After that day, he never laughed
Hurray, It's my last birthday today.
Her heart broke, the knife didnt
"No." "Why?" "Because I said so."
He sobbed into blood-stained hands
"Hi" she said. "I'm your wife."
Despite alternatives, humanity chose to suffer.
War is easy; Men do it
Out of consideration I fade away
Hidy-Ho neighbor the Android whirred
Sighing, I walked into the room.
Ouch; itch; ouch; itch; ouch; itch
now you are what i was
Through every hit she loved him
She slices my periods with syllables.
"Do your mother proud. Kill yourself."
I'm throwing out my dog food.
He calls it "lovemaking". She doesn't.
He innovated - five were enough.
The ambulance driver lost my child.
Born a man, died a woman.
War isn't hell, it's just messy.
The cost of living is deadly.
She chose her pride over me.
your lips feel like soft petals
And the bot said good game
soon he too would be forgotten
Don't turn around, it's Slender Man!
The pain never goes completely away
Never again she sobbed getting dressed
No no no no no....FUCK!
"I swear to God, you will-"
As she wished, he died first
In the end she was alone
"I love you...like a brother"
I'm pregnant, but not for long.
"I love you..like a brother"
He Died. No one buried him
I've got an eye for monocles.
Testicles in tatters. Midget went firewalking.
"Kill the lights!" Then, they screamed.
My sanity ran away from me
I killed myself. Ask Me Anything.
The survivor always becomes the favorite
I dream with my eyes open.
I think censoring is f****** s***.
"Just try it once, trust me"
Warning: Do not study reverse psychology.
Adolf, your art sucks- Rabbi Rosenburg
Giving birth is a death sentence.
Fighting especially violent inside university district.
As time passed she looked tastier
Slept like an adult. No dream.
Today, stray dog found new friend.
Manipulation is a way toreach goals.
Face to face, Devil and God
Released the controversial transcripts. They're blank.
Fourth little pig lived in butcher's.
Show pig some bricks. Just stared.
My ID shows the real me.
You're not stupid Mom, I promise.
He died for our sick gains.
Swear boxes are all the rage.
Spam: My only communication with outside
"It's so easy to spill wine"
This story is open ended because
Haven't done drugs once. Much more.
Searched through rubble. Found your necklace.
Their first kiss, right eyes open.
Reading stranger's lives not living his
Once upon a time, the end
I am lonely, even when surrounded.
I killed myself out of curiosity.
The man I love doesn't exist.
It definitely was not worth it.
Lowering coffin. Muffled screams not heard.
He loved. She didn't. How typical.
And here continues the writer's block.
But you said it wasn't loaded!
"Footballers". Or more fittingly, "Overpaid underachievers."
I stubbed my toe for penance
His dog was his only friend.
Stubbed my toe for penance.
I waited at the airport deliriously.
I hope it was worth it...
Stray dog finds new home. Cemetery.
His sexuality was fulfilled through money.
You left. My pants size increased.
There is no "i" in "dyslexia".
We changed. Thankfully, for the better.
Learned how to laugh at myself.
I'm in jail. But not prison.
The airport exit felt awfully depressing.
You know Bruce's batshit crazy, right?
World ended Sunday. No more Monday.
One Teen. One School. 5000 Rounds.
He kept winning at Russian Roulette.
One bullet was all he needed.
I really should start working now.
World ended Sunday. No more Monday.
Dad, we are having a baby.
Lived in Hiroshima, went to Nagasaki.
Starving artist raising money for charity.
Apocalyptic Riders lynched! Judgement Day cancelled!
"SLEEP!", she screamed, pistol against forehead
Gotta help my dad with homework.
She is no longer bleeding; fuck.
Hundred sent. Hundred delivered. Zero replies.
Stadium empties. "Bernie 2020," chants one.
Popped the question; she, a boner
"  Request human driver (reduced safety guarantees) "
 Human driver (note: reduced safely guarantees)
YOUR Dad's bad? Mine mods /r/ephebophilesfortrump
".. like children, Hannibal?" "Sure, they're sweet."
How To: See What You're Like
Days Since Last Workplace Accident: 365
Three inches? Hopefully grower, not shower.
Angry movement loses yet another election...
These politicians live in abject history.
It's cute when she says "No!"
I just can't do it. Okay?
"2 spooky 4 me" - Reddit said
"Spell antidisestablishmentarianism." "But I have hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia."
She belongs here, but I don't.
"Did we win?" "No, You missed."
She attempted suicide, but completed murder.
Switched bodies; my left arm's numb.
He attempted murder, but completed suicide.
Last time, I carried her smilingly.
She kept looking over my shoulder.
To mean something to an artist
She'll return tomorrow, to heartbroken me.
Ten letters: xenophobic socialists definitely disapprove
Must be a regular at funerals.
Miss many things now. Mainly breathing.
X-ray glasses banned before release date.
He Was Faithful To His Mistress.
Charity? No! Want the new iPhone!
Ironically, they were both terrible kissers.
Security blanket - outgrown? Relationship, job, home...
"I hate kids." - slightly older kid
My inner child will never die.
Threw a boomerang. Didn't come back.
Unfortunately, the experiment was a success.
Earned degree. Meant more to Dad.
A/S/L. LOL. DTF. WTF. HIV. FUBAR.
Superman, fucking STOP KILLING EVERYBODY, sheesshh!
Product placement's really popular on Mars.
Personally, product placement is Very Worrying.
"Hello, sir." "Sir?" questioned optician's receptionist.
I'm in love with a ghost.
Passed lie detector. Or did I?!
Paedophile gets life. Prisoners dispense justice.
Where is the nearest payphone, dear?
"why am i waiting here again?"
Her parents forgot that she existed.
My catfish swims and demands cuddles.
Enlightenment found through process of elimination.
Human remains prepared properly resemble chicken
Wow. I didn't think this through.
I promise, I'm not officer, drunk.
Kobe with his final fade away
Her Blood, his semen, mixed passionately
The invisible man saw right through me
My drug dealer is a priest.
Things I hate: Unfinished lists and
The sole survivor digs her grave.
Rhyming comes naturally to me. See.
Am I dreaming, I'll just jump.
Nudist couple. Neither wore the trousers.
The man watched her children play.
Nice car. Shame about the attitude.
Jelly bean roulette. The result? Diabetes.
The "Esc" key almost got away.
Wedding night. Slept in separate rooms.
Through the twisted lakes, they intertwined.
Death was coming, not fast enough.
Hello and welcme to proofreading club.
Don't you ever get too comfortable.
My CV. Full of one liners.
Finally, a great Six Word Story.
My daughter just stopped wearing nappies.
Pen stopped working. Like their love.
I just want to be loved.
She's in love with someone else
"Snack on this.", said the snake.
Using scholarship money to buy groceries
Relabel "Slavery" and add more steps
I saw a ghost. She waved.
"can you fix it?" "i won't"
Kobe with his final fade away
Their honeymoon period was emphatically everlasting.
"Last but not least," said autocorrect.
Hey Mom!.. Mom!.. Mom?.. MOM!?!?.. DAD!!!!
He became popular after he'd died.
I can't count very well.
An old friend. A new beginning.
He got A. She got D.
Entered chat room. Then entered prison.
Four Five [Six] Seven Eight Ten
Didn't get an A. Only AIDS.
Your room is ready. Are you?
I look down and see nothing.
"Normally, I don't lose temper.. asshole"
Miracle drug: Cancer Cured, Dozens saved
You want money?? look 500$
Sunlight oozes onto decrepit, splintered floorboards.
His Ghost... Just.. Fell Out! FELL!!
Plaintiff, dead at scene. Case dismissed!
She shared a secret I knew.
Guess I'm the big brother now.
He left Germany in June 1945
Amazing! Never thought it'd fit in.
He wanted nudes, he got handcuffed.
Samwise and Frodo forever and ever.
They were living life separately, together.
I am no longer the youngest.
Presidential elections: vote human or hominid?
I have a flawless Curriculum Vitea.
Wish I had a magic lamp.
An unlucky eunuch developed a hernia.
One question. Butterflies. I'm kneeling. Regret.
"Being parents is..." "DAAAADDDDYYYY!!!!" "Gotta go!"
And then, his downward spiral began.
My guide dog took me swimming.
Suppression. Obsession. Possession. Injection. Elation. Depression.
Will I ever be okay.
It was more than a fart
Obsession. Possession. Injection. Elation. Depression.
Let's fly for a few hours.
* You cannot reply to this conversation. *
I never fucked a dog before
I was wrong, it wasn't wind.
sdrawkcab gniwolf detrats emit ;Big Crunch
All the good sex-bots are married.
The keyboard quit after only six
Pour the dressing, and toss gently.
Replaced with a "Crosswalk Ahead" Sign
A Kiss
Murdered his brother. To become favourite.
Brother killed. Who's the favourite now?!
Party tonight. Bring salad and homework!
couldn't go to sleep this morning.
Everything was OK now, until tomorrow.
She did it with his gun.
I need you to prove it.
My superiority complex is the best.
Lost contact with another martian colony.
Gun wasn't loaded. She didn't know.
Got "choking haza" tattooed on penis.
This taxi has a coffin. Cool!
Gave to charity. But felt scammed.
Hello, Alcoholic's Anonymous. We meet again.
Technology may evolve. But humanity doesn't.
My new thesaurus is so platitudinous.
Fairy tales meant for humanity, too.
Depressed tennis players website. Servers down.
Last human executed amidst loud cheers.
Surprise party gives him heart attack.
Messiah returns, Reddit bemoans 'lazy reboot.'
I'm not elitist. That's below me.
Vomited over my doctor's gravestone, ironically.
We stopped fucking. Now make love.
My swear jar is fucking full.
These four walls are my enemy.
Her father begrudgingly tightened the noose.
Trading one year chip for beer.
Too drunk to write her eulogy.
"Are you good at bluffing?" "Yes."
On the bus laughing, playing games
Depression. Obsession. Possession. Rinse and repeat.
Completed Rubik's Cube. Thrown into paint.
House fire. Saved by my dog.
"I had to stop chasing you."
One hearse. Two dead. Related driver.
"You aren't my dad." she wished.
He asked. She declined. He wandered.
Factory sale: baby shoes, assorted styles.
You chose him. My question answered.
Shane.
over you.
I need to talk to you
A d20 has a better chance.
Remember when we were once friends
He learned pigs could digest bones.
Deployed six months. Wife pregnant four.
"I miss my girlfriend." "I don't."
He holds me like a rifle.
and that's why the widow cries.
I hid the money under the--
"Who's your daddy?" "You, Hillary, you"
He's almost satisfied. As sirens neared.
self.sixwordstories
Couldn't identify my suspect fully clothed.
Haven't received one letter. Prison's lonely.
She's everything, and she shouldn't be.
"No letter...she's forgotten." wept cellmate.
Like if you like liking things!
Puns really are a groan problem.
For sale. BMW. Blinkers never used.
Does this fit on six fingers?
Unbeknown to her, she's just another.
As President I guarantee universal therapy
The government were holding us hostage.
"Daddy, where's mummy?" "Son. Not now."
I swiped left on my boyfriend.
Terror attacks wont bring us down
Hit his baby, one last time.
You heard but you didn't listen.
Not even insects attended his coffin.
Didn't kill myself, got a sticker.
"Oops, forgot my ex." said fireman.
I dreamt you had not died.
Dad's second wife was his car.
"A familiar face." frowned AA host.
She took abuse. He took liberties.
The branch couldn't hold her weight.
Second hand pogo stick. Smells poopy.
Election over, money flooded out democracy.
Saturday: "Happy weekend!" Sunday: World ended.
Immortality project isn't stopping population decline.
Hello and goodbye to premature club.
Hitman turns the gun on himself.
... and God desired to forget himself.
Am I introverted? He asked Google.
Arsonist dies. Rather fittingly, he's cremated.
I just gatecrashed my own party
She wanted him. He wanted pizza.
My heart donor. Ironically, my ex.
You heard, but you didn't listen.
I'm 65. Felt like five minutes.
The wedding dress was never returned
Bullets didn't miss him. I did.
Car crash. Returned daughter's present. Trampoline.
Proved "innocent". Smiles knowingly at jury.
Lollipop lady. Didn't look both ways.
Be legendary fuck it five six.
Please do not touch my phalanges
The cop stopped his resistance. Repeatedly.
Time to "plead the fifth", he thought.
Familiar music penetrated her dementia-fogged mind.
Robots told me we should date.
I found silence, but not peace.
You can find silence-- never peace.
She'd seen the world; never again
Billy Joel Starts Fire... Denies It
It turned out Trump was good.
King Tut wants his stuff back.
I want to live! I want-
Ya wanna throw the pigskin around!!!
Cold winter woods. The moon. Footsteps.
Surrender
My path is paved with mould.
I smiled at the judge knowingly.
Surrender
Do you even need me anymore?
"Sex?" I asked. She just sighed.
So cute, intimidating. I never approached.
Words from the heart: fuck you!
Hands held phones instead of hands
April showers. May showers. June showers.
"It's not you," I said, "it's her."
"Later." he said, emptying his gun.
I held my dog's deceased face.
tell her you love her, Severus
Now he won't need a coffin.
The real suspect got away unscathed.
In the end, crime vandalised him.
His bloodstain revealed, he'd been "working".
Held hostage by a love maniac
Something was...ticking...in his boot...
Drugs gave him life. Yet didn't.
No daddy issues. Nor a daddy.
Cover band for insomniacs. ZZZZ Top.
Crashed into ambulance. Only driver survived.
Waiting for my sunshine to reappear.
They shared beds. But not hearts.
CPR training live. My partner's beauty.
Scarred for life, but... beautiful baby!
Portal opened in universe. We met.
Love is the answer. Ask question?
Genetic request: Child with blue eyes.
Firefly was and then it wasn't.
Hit &amp; Run. Never caught. Gone forever.
"Forgot my bag!" screamed skydiving instructor.
Here we die to be together.
If only insomnia was more boring.
Six words are intended, seventh word added.
Six word stories. Seventh word is added.
Are you single? God damn it!
Floating in space, the ship Gone.
If you're a goddess, I'm atheist
"Passengers, this isn't your captain speaking."
Cheated on my wife. With Heroin.
I thought I heard a knock.
His kitchen knife served two purposes
Can you pop my ear zits?
Trump got elected. #Suicidenote started trending.
Half a glimpse, half a chub.
Pregnant three times. Still no baby.
I wish alcohol worked for me.
The air bags didn't save him.
"Mommy, how do I taste?" "Delicious!"
Six words lost me my world.
"I don't promote violence, Mr. Machete."
Told therapist everything. He just laughed.
Seven words and she loves me
I never knew she couldn't swim.
She fucked up. Now she's down.
"Burn books? Ridiculous. We'll recycle them."
The shadow behind held a knife.
He swiped right. She swiped left.
She stepped into the eighth day.
The ambulance crashed. He meant it.
Time changes all, but not us
Rape victim. Pregnant. Abortion. Rapist paid.
My imaginary friend smells of weed...
My imaginary friend smells off weed...
Tried climbing writer's block. Failed emphatically.
Reading his obituary caused sudden regret
Her birthday suit. A doctor's present.
"Hey, lady, we ARE the police!"
Tried six word stories. Got hate.
"Do you accept bribes?" Cop: "Yes."
I hate that I love Reddit.
Human Civilization Simulation Complete. Shutdown/Restart?
Why can't I just forget you?
with you, pure silence became beautiful
Macaroni or shells? I cant decide.
with you, silence became beautiful
Update: Still human. Cool fins though.
In regards to love, he's atheist
In time, their extravagance grew dull.
Ironically, Mario died of potassium poisoning
Rushing to stop at red lights.
Guy messes with bull; got horns
I'll die where I was born
Computer scientist: "God isn't real yet."
My family more than doubled overnight.
Engineer paid to program her replacement.
Shut the door and let's talk....
I answered. They will be back.
Saved in ER: "I fail, again."
Scars only hurt when I'm sober.
Two became one. Horrible car accident.
"Humans, only good at creating us."
Next to his wife, his boyfriend.
"When we grow up" became "if".
Voyager Re-enters Atmosphere. "Return to Sender"?
"Just the tip" he whispered softly.
He muttered,"Destroy their precious monument."
Autonomous ambulance crashed. Dispatch five more.
Panama s-canal, flood gates are open.
Autonomous ambulance crashed, send autonomous ambulance.
Learned sex education from Geography teacher.
Her perfume smells good on you.
one week down; one less left
Regretfully, he watched their wedding video.
All Day I Dream About Sportswear
Too bad. We're talking about it.
distance
Too much living can kill you
Bought convertible car. It joined Islam.
The prom queen frowned, shitting everywhere.
Her unfinished sign language indicated rape.
Desperately looking for earplugs at BabyEarth.
My friend swam with piranhas once.
"But, robots can't replace senior management..."
"It's the police!" "You're too late."
"Write six words", they say. Fuck!
Jumped red light. Insane pogo stick.
Just another cog in the machine.
I don't wanna talk about it...
Between blinks, worlds turn to chaos.
"I'm gay, dad." "I'm disappointed, son."
Tried healing broken heart. Swallowed bandage.
I'd murder you twice, if possible
Thankfully, the police weren't very thorough.
My moral compass got me lost.
Leashed, excited for his last walk.
Caught the flowers; hid the ring.
He stepped off and fell, asleep.
I'm not camp. I'm just fabulous.
"Are you single?" "Yes." she pondered.
they had water for dinner, again
Stephen Hawking's upcoming mixtape: black hoe
My friends made me a maverick.
University degree on criminology. 9000 annually.
You're dead. But you're still here.
His friend. His foe. His alcohol.
My relationship. Nobody wears the trousers.
Stare death in the face; run.
And so, his story was never
Too drunk to write her eulogy.
Last year: "We'll break up soon"
Intruder shot. Body hidden. Divorce... cancelled.
He ended humanity by committing suicide.
The flowers died before she did.
My heart beat me to death.
My dream: Broadway! Reality: Pizza delivery.
Tried to make us not work
"I don't usually ejaculate that fast..."
Dwarf porn is a little fucked.
Awoke next to an awaiting funeral.
Friends. Lovers. Friends. Lover's friend. Lovers.
Bleeding badly, sword in chest. Laughter.
Only prayed when he wanted something
The child discovered its true owner
I know you better than me
First world problem: servings too large.
Let you go. Had no choice.
Best friend's best friend isn't me
Diseases evolved, so did the mind.
"Heavy April Fool..." "Actually it's none..."
With new dentures, eating's fun again.
I can't dream; I sleep alone.
Change takes Generations, when it's inconvenient.
Live, love and don't forget anything.
Sign language for "I miss you"
last time i swear to god
I liked the candidate Trump better.
Rick-roll Death.Rick Astley completes bucket-list.
Chortling, "Bruised Dreamer, watch your step."
You lied to us Rick Astley
"You found her?" "Bring a shovel."
Crying, he typed: "couldn't care less"
Of everything lost, virginity missed most.
"...almost killed myself" " You actually did"
What do you think every sunrise?
Michael Jackson's children's hospital: coming soon.
This wasn't stolen... or was it?
Utterly original words, totally uniquely arranged.
First sentient robot: "Five more minutes."
LAX to Hollywood only costs $1.75..
BREAKING NEWS: NASA made everything up.
Relationship
My information is probably already compromised.
This soup tastes slightly too salty.
Attended cat's funeral. Hopefully last time.
Denial. Anger. Plea-bargaining. Parole. Acceptance. Regret.
Work attire, check. Now, act sober.
Never tell children what annoys you.
"I know the Truth!" "Die, heretic!"
Tried climbing writer's block. And failed.
he's coming back though right mom?
I burned your biography. Nice life.
College debt, no degree. Dreaming's stressful.
Skydived off crane. Injured bird's wing.
237 likes. No one came by.
Debt, no degree. Dreaming was dumb.
Met my wife's killer. A mirror.
Narrow escape. Wide eyes. Sympathetic cop.
Past feeds Present. Future is Hungry
Everything you need is love women.
Through the wall. I heard abuse.
It stands up and walks away.
Got a stray cat's phone number.
Soldiers refuse to obey unlawful orders
Shamelessly, he masturbated over her gravestone.
Got college debt. No college degree.
Missing girl located. On my plate.
Trapped. House fire. My dog stayed.
Best gotcha question answerer. Poor president.
I drink to get less sober.
She never had a bath again.
"Humans will survive!" shouts last human.
Global tragedy , easy karma, shallow happiness
Junkie. Needle. Tracks. Sleep. Train. Splat.
"Don't blink. Don't even blink." Wink!
Most of my drinking is alone
He. Confusion. Surgery. She. Society. Suicide.
Student works hard every day, fails.
"Do you want to talk?" "No."
Life was good, for a while.
your tears turn me to mud.
Oh wow, what's that funky smell?
"It was him." I stared menacingly.
Foam left her. I just left.
Another satisfying job well done. ...Next!
"Hello 999. Come and find me."
Held underwater. He screamed. Only momentarily.
Train driver's eyes met the suicidal.
"She swallowed," I told the judge.
A shy exterior. A screaming interior.
Police departed. My cover up prevailed.
I dug. Cop arrived. Dug again.
Midnight chase quickly becomes midnight rape.
My life story isn't worth reading.
/r/pizza, Learn how to make pizza!
Controversial cosmetic surgeon raises some eyebrows.
Surprisingly, his rants didn't change Hollywood.
The blade wouldn't go deep enough.
"Incandescents? He must be filthy rich."
Hugging again with 3D printed arms.
My father always said, "Don't reminisce."
Lock the door. He's home soon.
Thought I was the only boyfriend.
"What was I like before alcohol?"
Redditor Tries /r/sixwordstories, Writes Headlines Instead
"Next time?" "Don't worry about it."
Found a hangover cure. Less alcohol.
Welcome to Planet Earth! Population Zero.
Head pressed by hand. Water silences.
I'm not insecure. Please love me!!!!!
I hate second opinions. Don't you?
Hillary's Nigerian princess emails netted millions.
Humans will survive. We always do.
From now on, you're called P12486
Trading news: "I'm pregnant!" "I'm infertile."
His sneeze got them both arrested.
Beyond the curtain, a face awaited.
Someone's humming through my bedroom window.
Awoken. Someone's skipping in my garden.
Kings horses. Kings men. Made omelette.
"Try me," I said, slamming accelerator.
Men's fantasy: Threesome. Woman's fantasy: Love.
Unfortunately, my mom has pepperoni nipples.
United by love. Separated by coffins.
An ominous sunbeam seared my arm.
Santa's real, Mommy. He cuddles me.
"We're having a baby!" "Not we..."
Finally, the last time it'll hurt.
Watching aerial view; my funeral procession.
Guaranteed 400,000,000 heartbeats or money back.
Do you want to go back?
I'll always remember. (Until next week)
I'm confined by other people's freedom.
The last pain he never felt.
Upon the rooftop, he waited, patiently.
Bongs for days, love the haze.
The last needle he'd ever use.
I stopped following orders, happiness followed.
"Welcome to hell." "Thanks, bacon please."
Turned all lights on. Still dark.
then she turned off the lights.
Waiting adoption: Blind boy, never loved
Waiting adoption. Boy, 14. Never loved.
Skipped forgiving. Went straight to forgetting.
Hand in hand, they walked alone.
"So... is it a good cult?"
"Don't leave me!", she texted both
It's not goodbye yet...I hope.
"Be careful", she said. "Reality ahead"
She needed no wheelchair. Before him.
Do you wanna play a game?
Five shots. The last four - unnecessary.
Struggling through rubble, I heard her.
Your miscarriage just saved our relationship.
Execution Chosen: Burning in vacuum. Pending
They refused to develop my photographs.
Sometimes I forget you're not real.
Son at sea. Shit. Shark fin.
My friend just died backwards. PIR.
"Wanna have sex?" "No," she sighed.
"Like my poem?" "No, it's shit."
Revolution's over - back to the slave-pits!
Yesterday, a clown stole my beard.
Adopted dog. He adopted my heart.
Volcanoes erupt to no good.
Physically rich. Mentally poor. Happy therapist.
The WhatsApp ticks never turned blue
Black hole!! It's just a window.
I read the eulogy you wrote.
Two people. One orgasm. Peeping tom.
I stopped with jolt. Many didn't.
The last plane he'd ever fly.
Raping her, he discovered her cock.
Wheelchair user to another, "Nice rims!"
"I like...women." "May I...watch?"
She. Confusion. He. Society. She again.
Killed some time. Hired clock hitman.
"Any last wish?" "Selfie with hangman"
Taught my son to walk. Again.
Bigger the booger, better it feels.
He shot first. Then I did.
I sat and watched him bleed.
Daughter blocked toilet. Need better shears.
My hypnotist has tiny breas....amazing skills!
Wanted assisted suicide. Got many volunteers.
Placed at accident spot: Go Slow
Stephen Hawking's Wheelchair Starts to Rebel.
"President Hillary *Rodham* Clinton," she corrected.
        https://naverbam.cOm ,,,,, ,,,,,,,
"President Hillary *Rodham* Clinton," she corrected.
"When's the last time you cared?"
I'd describe myself as generally lonely.
She left her body in Spain.
This: clickbait story. Or is it?
"President Hillary *Rodham* Clinton," she corrected.
/r/happysixwordstories: we have dozens! Kinda. Possibly.
If I had only said no.
Weather of the day predictably unpredictable.
Slavery never died, it just evolved.
Life: become orphan or die trying.
I am going to keep it.
I farted. He inhaled. Boyfriend hospitalised.
"I love you." "No, you don't."
My last hope, finally withered away
dreams placed before you shattered underfoot
Housemate's a terrorist... Wow, I'm fucked.
Light resides away from the bright
"He loves you." "Primary source required."
March against fear cancelled. Terrorists feared.
"I love you." "Secondary source required."
"I love you." "Secondary source required."
Drama trumps nuance on this subreddit
They found the body. Easter's canceled.
What keeps me alive kills me.
locked door. house phone. dial tone.
Loving life is just Stockholm Syndrome.
Discovered Basilisk that causes Fermi paradox.
Everyone who reads this will die!
All of my condoms are expired.
My exact opposite is my equal.
"Comatose? How long?!" "Not long enough."
Doctor, when do I fall asleep?
I'm a robot. Monday to Friday.
'Elected' serial killer, if you would.
Naturally, her bed's made every day.
I'm never doing drugs again. Today.
Humanity was once a dominant species
"Have we met? Your name?" - "Death."
Happened in Vegas; didn't stay there.
To be or not to be
Most dangerous words: I love you.
Immortal's life sentence ruled unconstitutionally cruel
I'd speak but words aren't sexy.
Curious children open cocoons, find surprise
An arrow won't fire without force.
"I've finally quit!" He exclaimed. again....
"Lights off?" I questioned my rapist.
Help wanted: Man with big stick.
Don't condone violence. But I participate.
Those four walls became his home.
He had what she wanted. Testicles.
During wife's eulogy, he texted another.
American Eagle label: "Made in China"
Never met someone I couldn't meet.
"Rose from dead? Jeesus... that's zombie"
Don't kill yourself. You'll regret it.
Often in /r/sixwordstories punctuation's used excessively.
Leggless man running at full speed.
Into Auschwitz. Your clothes are on.
Love and misery. Best. Threesome. Ever.
You almost convinced me I matter.
"This kid was not my son."
Survived if you call this living.
Immortal man awarded life sentence, ironically.
within the boats, we waited, quietly
I liked grandma. On Facebook. Once.
Watched "Batman v Superman." Marvel won.
Her last words: More please Daddy
Excuse me, what happened last night?
More happy because it's your present.
Compare thee to a winter's night.
"What is my purpose?" "Pass butter."
Yes. Yes. Yes! Yes!! Oh shit.
Wikipedia: resurrection; Jesus. See also. Zombies.
Thou might say I'm old fashioned.
One day at a time, sobriety screamed.
They arrested the wrong guy "mistakenly".
We used to call it "Earth"
New baby! New dreams. New nightmares ...
I wish I was still content.
Grandfather's funeral. Fake tears. Real murder.
"Who am I?" "Not this again..."
No signal. Then who was phone?
My daughter's murderer has my surname.
I forgot that I forgot you.
My manager won't suspect it's me.
He she, looks at knife, thoughtfully.
"Next time," says the condemned gunman.
Friday, shall rebirth my inner child.
Our new babysitter isn't a babysitter.
"It's a boy. Get the camera!"
"I understand." "We'll change the rules."
Went to gym. Didn't take selfie.
Rapist of child, lived fearfully close.
"Mummy, is Daddy in heaven now?"
Again. Again. Again. Again. Again. Good.
My shoulder angel and devil agree.
Your mistakes don't define you
New Beginnings
We grew stranger without becoming strangers.
Immortal man wept; got life sentence.
"So, how was heaven?" asked Peter.
"I won't kill them," says drone
"I won't kill my new friends."
Nobody likes sad clowns. Be happy.
True love requires someone get hurt.
My business was affordable squirrel steaks.
my six word story was stolen.
"Please don't leave me alone." "Goodbye."
You lied. "No bloodshed", you promised.
Houston didnt the Soviet Union collapse?
I can't count the bleeding sheep
I'm a cop. And a criminal.
Grandma keeps forgetting she has dementia
Cocaine superstar fights rock music addiction.
Single dad seeks breastfeeding single mom.
"One more!" *Bonk* "Oooh, where's this?"
Goodbye at last, dear old friend.
The ring watched from the nightstand.
And I said, "I love you"
Single once. Married now. Forever solitary.
"This is your captain speaking. Pray."
Looked at God. She was disappointed.
Call me crazy, do it quietly.
What circle are you in Dante?
Woman can turn the arrogance humble.
They always say it was peaceful
Found her grave. Forgot her face.
aspiring actor, shot dead, makes headlines!
great concert! sirens played high notes!
There was before and after her.
Plastic surgery? No. It's exterior design..
"I'm not drunk, officer. Just high."
Their son's rapist. Under same roof.
Next train driver is his murderer.
The next train driver's my murder.
One terrified son. One homophobic father.
I am living my recurring dream.
"I love you," she said, unconvincingly.
Casino night. Ends badly. But richer.
Tomorrow let him love the unloved.
Depression's fatal, especially to their friends.
i dreamt and it felt real
My heart was beating, but why
Hell was full, got sent here.
He couldn't even kill himself properly.
Less shampoo. Best part of balding
"Mais pourquoi as les terroristes... Momie?"
She Started crying, he didn't stop
Every nightfall, the new star grew.
As he lay dying, he lied.
...took rib again, from last man.
You're no hero. You're a coward.
All that's left, are my memories.
"We're not under threat," government lied.
He killed himself, she died too.
Suicide bombers should practice alone first.
Abducted by aliens. They have WiFi.
I hate everyone; myself the most.
"I'm not changing," wept Dad, drunk.
Cutest love. Ugliest argument. Begrudging acceptance.
"Pull the trigger for your mom."
They have taken his daughter... Again...
This story hasn't been stolen...yet.
This story hasn't been stolen...yet.
They won't have my brand there!
Graveyards are museums for the depressed.
Thee might say I am outdated.
Blind optimists, is it still full?
"The cat," said Spot, "was delicious."
Daughter saved. Heart donated. RIP Father.
You hear that? That's not firecrackers.
She meandered, gracefully across, the veranda.
Occasionally, she pops into my head.
I undressed her lipstick with sweetness.
"We love you", said the hive.
Got hairdresser job. By not listening.
No likes, no retweets. Suicide. Frontpage!
Truth-seeker's initiation prompted more lies.
I'm Forrest Gump. Here's my story.
Then they found my Facebook account.
I've forgotten why I'm sad anymore
"One small water bottle, please." "$179.99."
Death by misadventure - penis in blender.
"Cancer's back." "So am I, Mom."
Decades ago this would be news
Alien transmission decoded: 'Save trees, assholes'
He wanted her body. She didn't.
"Yes, definitely. I'm voting!" he lied.
"You're punishing me like Old Mummy!"
Her efficiency hated; his laziness: accepted.
i am an alcoholic mother help
Negotiations failed. Attack imminent. I'm sorry.
"Memory loss paranoia," diagnosed the robot-therapist.
back when we were so beautiful
Suicidal thoughts give you more upvotes.
i live as a ghost now
Her bulimia ate away at me.
Wanted: Intergalactic star thief stealing planets!
Forbidden Crayola Codex; Multidimensional Colors Inside
Music reaches my heart. Then ears.
He paid her. She wanted more.
Fresh dirt; six feet. Single tear.
I have always loved annoying women.
What happens if it actually works?
My zodiac sign says, "I'm gullible."
One weird trick you won't believe!
Wanted: Rapist, tall, "hung like horse".
She left. He left. They stayed.
I can't stay sober much longer.
Went clubbing. Left ring at home.
Started saving energy. By quitting gym...
His wedding song was played again.
Bruce Willis is an overpaid ghost.
Thee might say I'm old fashioned.
The Big C drowned our hopes.
Remember, rules were made to be broken.
My eyelids make me see clearer.
Internet went down. Suicide rate increased.
Blood red was the new black.
Why do I keep doing this?
I farted. Viet Cong found me.
Don't run! I haven't started yet!
She wore nothing. I killed myself.
Suddenly, I started to love everything.
#MachineLivesMatter: twitter servers offline in solidarity.
The sky's blue? Never seen it.
He didnt deliver. OP is kill.
"Room for one human... not you."
In an amber tomb, something awoke
Free speech could cost you dearly.
...repeat, this is not a tes-
Entered palindrome contest. Got top spot.
Stopped clocks are correct twice daily.
Together they rose. Together they fell.
Me: XY Wife: XX Son: XL
Hoarding is really fun. Collectively speaking.
/r/toosoon filled with "you're fired" jokes.
Call Me
Perfect comeback thought of in stairwell.
Welcome to the free speech room.
Isn't true love till you fart.
Guide dog wept at friend's funeral.
Their flat. His flat. Their flat.
He desired her. She desired herself.
One digit from the suicide hotline.
She called him weak. He wept.
Samuel Leroy Jackson's gravestone: "Badass Motherfucker".
Jobs interviews really aren't that funny.
searched "no experience necessary" on craigslist
She died. So did my life.
I'm a man of few words.
Why does cyanide taste so
Fuel isn't it. Ran outta road.
Page 404. Located in Atlantic Ocean.
My sex life requires running shoes.
Twelve hear the senator's hollow plea.
Worn shoes never for sale, Baby.
Full fridge, goes to sleep hungry.
Her suicide note was his too.
Wrote a song she never heard.
"I" is completely straight. Unlike I.
There are six consonants in "miscount".
Favorite song becomes hated, every morning.
Teacher likes little girls like me.
Lost love
"Vader, you are not the father!"
How to: finish a story quickly
FOR SALE: used panties, children's size.
Alarm makes favorite songs become hated.
Grandmother's house fire; fifteen dogs lost.
I'll just skip today. Maybe tomorrow.
Her mailbox overflowed for 2 months
No wings. I prefer to fall.
I'm not elitist. That's below me.
Live young. Die fast. Much better.
"Who's there?" "Knock knock." "Time traveller."
Nine...twenty? I WON! THEY MATCH!
Hannibal had old friend for dinner.
Wish I invented the word "envy".
There is no "I" in "dyslexia".
Robbed his family. For a hit.
"Come here often?" asked my dentist.
I tried again, yet never succeeded.
"TIL that I know nothing". /u/socrates.
Another nervous twitch. He repeated, "Allegedly ".
Manhattan project scientist, prays to God.
One dead, tragedy. 1,000,000 dead, statistic.
Ambulance wailing. People Dead. War continues.
Reading this? You just triggered Apocalypse.
My hypnotist thinks I'm a chicken.
"Hi scared." *pulls trigger* "I'm dad."
I never gave her my loyalty.
He drank. She left. He drank.
"I'm playing the banjo." "Musician?" "Pervert."
"Why am I killing you?" Because--
"Are you conscious?" the computer asked.
"Welcome to hell!" "I've been before."
Game generator Moriarty ironically selectively altruistic
My nemesis, is located in Genesis.
"Mum, dad...I need some palindromes."
Rebels don't use six words.
Trump. The sweet embrace of death.
Masses get printed on toilet paper.
"Time heals all wounds." Tick Tock
And her shattered heart stopped beating.
"Mom ended my 16 month drought."
In the end, demons always win.
"She thinks she's still a virgin"
"She still thinks she's a virgin"
"Your Majesty?" "Just call me Donald."
Same story just with different words.
Looking for love, she attracted garbage.
Tried climbing writer's block. I failed.
I don't murder. I regulate overpopulation.
They chose him, we are doomed
Actually, it's just the one murderer.
Impressionist comedian found to be schizophrenic.
What's the most expensive therapy option?
"You loved me once." "Things change."
"Actually, let's turn off the lights."
"I love you..."
Internet banter turns into Cyber War
Trump vs. Clinton. Feel the Bern.
But, I only had one drink!
Girlfriend of cannibal just became ex.
I wonder what porks tasted like
He survived. I wish he didn't.
Six Word Story
"Murder!" They cried. "Politics." He said.
"Are you coming to the funeral?"
The Child screamed. The Audience laughed.
I don't procrastinate, I prioritize differently.
"Found-footage" thrill-killings mislabeled: HOAX
Trump twitter hijacked? Intelligent messages spotted.
Newborn cries along with single dad.
Remember Wikipedia, on the old Internet?
The train stopped without using breaks
Nonconformists, unite! Or don't, I guess.
New IRS mandate: "Promote income diversity."
Lost his job as skydiving instructor.
Met at dawn, danced till sunset.
He forgave me before he died
Sorry, I won't contact you again.
Pin-pricked the condom; stole his youth.
Smiles hurt where tears are stained.
Loved ones, sent away for protection.
Their mailbox is full. Message... $1
Passport photos don't hide the truth.
Poor man with a rich mind.
"Time doesn't exist," The Clock whispered.
The police arrived. Seconds too late.
"Sex?" he asked. She just sighed.
Zero fucks given. But many received.
Baby Fish Caught in Net. Fin.
Diet plan: Not going to happen.
Have you found our daughter yet?
Pregnancy test. Condoms. Cucumber. Confused cashier.
Being insane keeps me being sane.
Patio redecorated after wife goes missing.
Didn't leave phone number. Rude rapist.
Tired of fighting, he signed anyway
The roof is gone. Deck party!
Her hand felt small in his.
Prescribed client the wrong medication. Intentionally.
Six words? Go tell the birds.
Heard of Lucifer?.... My Guardian Angel.
I'd kill to not be imprisoned.
DNA firmly connected them. Nothing else.
No longer chef. Ejaculated in soup.
Fucked sarcastic girl. She loved it.
Catwalk model. Acting like female dog.
Might burn Freud's book. But shouldn't.
Smile. You are in another universe.
Funky smell. Second hand pogo stick.
My ex is dating my ex
Feed me. Fuck me. I'm yours.
His wedding song played. Yet again.
The child died without a name.
His moral compass got him nowhere.
Guide dogs service no longer required.
Unused suicide notes, symbols of victory
Henry 8ths 7th wife. Great blowjobs.
Better to be weird than boring.
Which of my mum's gave birth?
Met an undertaker. Sooner than expected.
Baggage Claim: Domestic, International, and Interstellar
Final Log: All the zombies are
I'm not the woman you see.
Study: Paula Deen, Social Security Savior.
"Realism and Pessimism have become indistinguishable."
"So the instructions?" "Kinda perused them..."
"Can't hire ya - school loans unpaid."
Study: Paula Deen almost saved Social Security.
Pessimism and Realism Indistinguishable, Report Finds
radiating a smile, the undertaker bowed
Turn back around. Spider is gone.
A botched transplant. An orphaned child.
All pain is only momentary.
Attempted suicide. Killed twin brother. Again.
The Hero of Time was late.
I think my k3yboard is brok3n.
Seven billion units overloaded the simulation.
"Is that your house?" "It was"
Friends? No? OK. Now? NO!? Fuck.
Loaded gun + unsupervised child = accidental death
One year later, you're a stranger.
I've woken up 6 times today.
God told me there's no afterlife.
"I'd kill for you." "I did."
"I never lose temper, you shithead..."
It is day 55, I'm waiting
Wake from coma. Nuclear Alarm Sirens.
Isn't this where we came in?
I've learned to trust only myself.
Syrian adult (12) watches children play.
Hell doesn't sound that bad anymore.
Syrian adult (12) watches children play.
My life has become a migraine.
"Self-driving car app Ultimate Chicken banned."
"Self-driving car app Ultimate Chicken banned!"
Next time we met as bones.
Syrian adult (12) watches children play.
"Daddy please, don't..." Whispered the old man.
'Machines are People' protest turns violent.
You looked better before the surgery.
All future myths will go unanswered.
Sat on toilet. Made something special.
Please don't remember me that way.
Won the contest! The ugly contest...
Reddit, I tweet these posts, sorry...
Relax, he was probably a terrorist.
The cigarette screamed while burned alive.
"You aren't mad," the voices laughed.
I usually drunk till I'm drink.
Donald Trump now knows my name.
Wish my parents would move out...
Brilliant qualified leaders don't want presidencies.
The variety of rhythms was endless.
"I love you." "You're drunk, again."
Speaker vomited. Imagined his audience naked.
Guide dog. Buried with his owner.
She wished it was never his.
"We meet again," said the policewoman.
"I'm an otaku, not a weaboo!"
Humans. The real animals in zoos.
Into deep water. We dived. Together.
Coyote catches bird. Acme shuts down.
If love's a competition. I'm winning.
How am I cringe, baby girl?
I guess we should get married.
I value my health...you're dumped.
"Describe yourself in one word." "Erm..."
"Houston, found life" "Describe" "...she's beautiful."
"I'll have one line, that's it."
Have my dealer on speed dial.
A homophobic dad. A terrified son.
He died like he lived. Slowly.
Fuck, my head hurts! Got Cannabis?
She keeps condoms for Justin Case&lt;3
Bartender said, "Where were you yesterday?"
I still owe you some lotion
My Most Questionable Acts: Volume One
First high school reunion, the funeral.
The silence in mom's house loomed.
Last wish: not to be immortal.
Love's exquisite, but short-lived - unlike me.
Last one born, first to run.
Life weighs heavily on the back
Love's exquisite, but... short-lived - unlike me.
Submit your six word statement here.
The smallest feet. The biggest footprints.
Never wait for the ideal conditions.
Love... exquisite. But, short-lived - unlike me.
/r/the_Donald is now bigger than /r/SandersForPresident.
One man, one vote. Corporations, 1,000,000,000.
Bet on a fart. I lost.
Because sadness is the universal emotion.
You give love a bad name.
Soulmate
I farted. She laughed. I didn't.
'Thousand step journey, watch your step.
Tattoos can write a good story.
Private investigator lies. To get girl.
White cow died on black field
Child isn't his. Her heart is.
SWS ASAP? WTF! FYI: DIY! LOL!
Killing animals can be rather scary
My feet. My penis. Same smell.
placed kiss landed with a miss
My mum and dad are Asian...
Waves crash, the island dances-- transfixation
"Yes!" she smiled. "Finally," he cried.
She thought the world of you
Reality Show Chef Feeds City's Homeless
Five years later, child returned home.
Tattooist specializes in decorating people's scars.
Nationless refugees now allowed Olympic competition.
I saw. I conquered. We came.
Jury no longer required - body found
He could run faster with prosthetics.
I came. I saw. I conquered.
I'd gladly replace lunch with recess.
Can I pay in all nickels?
Assignment due next morning. Fell asleep.
Blinded by love, still worth it.
I was human once, never again.
Why are these stories usually depressing?
"Tomorrow diet," I lied to myself.
Hopefully, our babysitter is a cannibal.
My only mirror's the computer screen.
My life really deserves a catastrophy.
"Tomorrow diet," I lied to myself.
I'm the loneliest person I know.
Went to my cat's funeral. Again.
The gun misfired; She killed mother.
Get abused. Abuse others. Cycle Continues.
"Doc, baby still not born?" "Stillborn."
Struggled. Listened. Learned. Prevailed. All together.
"Your faith was in vain" uttered God.
Waters broke. So did his wallet.
Alluring. Cute. Seductive. A rubbish CV.
They met once. That was enough.
Say goodbye to your comfort zone.
"Biggest weakness? I'd say jam doughnuts."
Meet. Marry. Breed. Bleed. Not his.
Crotchless panties. Latex. One surprised postman.
My nephew is now my niece.
True hell is knowing heaven exists.
How to home abortion, she Googled.
Time's the biggest killer of all.
I just bought Hemingway's baby's shoes.
Another day, another dollar. Another bottle.
Hyperbole is the worst thing ever.
I bought Hemingway's baby's shoes.
Killer or moron; who'll win, America?
"Six months." "...What, doctor?" "I'm sorry."
She laughed. "Male rape victim, indeed!"
His status update left me heartbroken.
The American Dream transformed into coma.
A They Might be Giants themed story.
Adopted dog. He adopted my heart.
My dads get laughed at often.
There was truth in her lies.
Hell? Scared?! I already live there!
My cousin's funeral. Turned up uninvited.
Porn taught me....Keyboards aren't cheap.
Died and went to hell again.
You almost convinced me I mattered
Went travelling. But didn't get anywhere.
Our baby died before I woke.
Told therapist my problems. She laughed.
Wanted: Undertaker. Preferably, not a necrophiliac.
sometimes i'm certifiable. love me anyway
Burglar left note: "Get better items."
Father's eyes. Mother's mouth. Lover's body.
Kids, it's time for the truth.
i don't remember him anymore now
The current took me with you.
Paid the police for my wrongdoings.
She wasn't my cup of tea.
My guide dog is beautiful. Apparently.
He wasn't my cup of tea.
He stopped smoking a day late.
Guide dog wept. Owner never knew.
They make horror movies about me
My conjoined twin's penis is huge.
Shit! Where are my launch codes?
Used her suicide note as rizla.
That was the funniest eulogy ever.
Acronyms suck. IMHO.
Thank God you broke your promise
Ate cake. Traveled back. Had it.
You are invited to Lake Laogai
Child caused and lost by accident.
"Don't worry love, things will change."
I've smoked every day since quitting.
A selfish soul may become rich.
Won the chase. Then got bored.
Frozen glances burned onto rose petals.
"Free armor trimming" said the theif
Our momentary bliss, a permanent memory.
Depression is my drug. I'm addicted.
Alone. Mirror reflection smiled. I didn't.
Help me get out of here
Fear
Sleep abandoned him like she did.
Sometimes, minimalism is the key.
Loss. Journey. Allies. Learnings. Resolution. Home.
Every year, an empty gun fires.
If only the suspects were naked.
The world ain't ready for us.
Behind bars. In front of reality.
I fucked her ass real good
Her gravestone said, "Make my bed."
Some bullshit statement is't a story.
Bought wife chocolate shoes. She's confused.
I still made you a cake.
They realised their enemy was themselves.
We act smooth to be rough.
Today, a train driver is scarred.
Looking for: Memories. Willing to share.
Today, a train driver's a muderer.
Dad put his belt back on.
Building the boat while at sea.
Thankfully, my victim is a mute.
The world, devoid of laughter, sings.
"Are you indecisive?" "No. Wait...yes."
I told the fireman to leave me.
"Shit, that's repetition " said time traveler.
She could't understand. Kicks chair away.
Flicking the safety on and off
I put your Mother through hell
If you fall, I'll be there
There is no "i" in "sobriety".
2029. Inauguration. Four term president Trump.
She was the opposite of "okay."
Found wet shoes, but no owner.
But she said she was fine...
Police were two bullets too late.
I should have said, "I object".
Prison was avoided. Police were paid.
Watching my shadow in the sunset.
I thought it would hurt more.
Joseph Kony announces 2020 presidential campaign
I'm seeing therapist for 'Trump anxiety'
Anyway, who wants a salt-stained dress?
EXTRA: New "Trump House" Opens Gates!
The bathwater turned clear to red.
"I don't know CPR," I lied.
She left. It felt so right.
"Why so many candles?" Grandpa asked.
She'll be a champion one day
"I'm being completely honest," he lied.
The chili's ready! Where is Sally?
I sleep next to your urn
Don't look, you'll fall in love
Let's celebrate nothing for a change
Doctor takes drugs. He treats himself.
The last funeral can't be held.
A working man. A dying dream.
Manufactured super-viruses: Polio, by Ralph Lauren.
The therapist raped her mind unconsciously.
Wrote my biography. Wouldn't buy it
She dumped me after the fire
Monsters too big to be demons
Before you, I wasn't a man
The Trump in each of us.
My scars remind me every day
Her smell lingered after she'd gone
Her torture was his ultimate pleasure
I feel them, crawling inside me...
In a way, you saved me
I know you more than me
My nightmare is me forgiving you.
Cigarette on the veranda, heavy contemplation
I chose to never grow up
Colourless, odourless. Match flared. Highly Flammable.
"I'll walk you home," rapist lied
Promise.. It wasn't me. My clone.
Entered this world loved. Left alone.
"Computer, are you in a simulation?"
"She found a better place..". Kitchen.
She was in a better place. Kitchen.
Please fuck me, so he wont.
It's still sealed. We might survive.
It's still sealed. I think we'll survive.
Drink to forget. Drink to remember.
Time is for losing, not keeping.
Google history: "highest publicly accessible roof"
Sale!!! Thank you for your purchase.
Hot lead solved his debt crisis
Many hide. And do not seek.
Being wise got him in trouble
Someone just untwisted our mobius strip
Dented mum's car. Now...sober up.
Cigarette one hand. Customer the other
He exhaled one last time. . . BOOM!
She wore blue. I felt it.
His son took his hand, finally.
For me? And my eyes reopened.
Devoured by light. Another stock disappears...
Bed's an ocean and I'm sinking
"4th pint. 5th pint....10th pint?!"
Was satisfied. So buried her again.
The ground covers my favourite child
Me: O; wife: A; baby: AB
She woke up. The nightmare returned.
"You have always been easily replaceable."
Started with "hello". Ended without "o"
I've always been a rulebreaker.
"That damn bait..." said fish, later.
Your goodbye. It echoed for eternity
The fingers point at you now
"Everything will be alright" I lied.
I'll always be a mediocre man.
Some questions should not be asked.
"I do not care about you."
Maybe it is time to leave.
He looks like his dead dad
Without Prozac, I rely on Jesus.
You can give up now, friend.
"She's gonna make it," I smiled
Don't chase what you can't catch
"She's going to make it," I smiled
"You can't tame me" - My cat
Her carrion fit overhead, thank goodness.
I met you in a memory.
"Oh, buckle this! Ludicrous Speed, go!"
They swore him in; America crumbled.
Mandatory health insurance, another broke excuse.
"Is he okay?" "No, she's not."
Memorable nights are so easily forgotten
I'm sorry, for the wrong reasons.
"you're so black" said the pot
She was a daredevil. Well, WAS.
Don't underestimate me. That's my job
DELETING PROFILE SOON! ~last updated 2009
Call from police...daughter found! Dead.
Strangled, by her Life Alert necklace.
"Heads or tails?" "Just shoot me."
Lost his eye to safety glasses
Never trust a commercial about happiness.
A bird is falling down. Mayday!
I wish I would have tried.
Hello friend. How dead are you?
Old dog. A dear friend. Dead.
Old maid? Refound love. Forever happy.
He said goodbye to everything bad.
Not a friendly call
Buller - A old dog
Goodbye to the bad
"You're African-American? Great! Sanders supports welfare!!!"
Time traveler arrested for drunk driving.
Burned witch. Unfortunately, was actual witch...
"You're African-American? Great! Sanders supports welfare!!"
Black Ugly Power Comits White Genocide
Kind cat doesn't torture food much.
"I love silence", said the waterfall.
He longed for what he lacked.
We're happily married.... to other people
We found our Gods are aliens.
Constant beatings, forced burning, delicious cupcakes
Born As A Twin Die Alone
Well, what do we do now?
Have boner at work please help!
Son, it's time for the truth.
Silent mouth let the art speak.
This World Is A Veil..son
Family, mortgage, debt. Overworked, divorce........ alone
Close Reddit. Open homework. Open Reddit.
I'm lost, someone give me directions
"You killed Wikipedia vandals!" "Citation needed."
His blaze of glory was extinguished.
After meeting Congress, President-elect asks for recount.
They both ordered. She delivered, baby.
"Democracy is wonderful," assured uniparty spokesman.
Seeking witch: evil, pretty, preferably waterproof
"Democracy is wonderful," declares uniparty spokesman.
Don't water the roots of evil
A forgotten bag, a friendly passenger
Seventh word I discarded was crucial.
"Is that...All hail the Hynotoad!"
For that morning smell... Febreze: Napalm
Life sucks, and then you live.
Our honeymoon period will never end
Embracing thoughts of tonight's dreamless sleep
Behind his eyes, a monster lurked.
Found children's toys in businesswoman's purse.
Bubbles
Narcissists winning elections. Electorate losing elections.
I'd do anything to please her
Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn
"I haven't forgotten", read the email
He only listened with his eyes
The devil that stole my soul.
Alien transmission: Your time stops NOW.
Do me a favour, keep shining
These ashes I once called home.
Didn't choose addiction. It chose me.
My clumsiness matches my wife's masochism.
My neighbour's been digging a while..
She smiled again with regrown teeth.
Burned our photographs. With your lighter.
They cared about us, at first.
He has land; I have men
Today: Good morning to the unknown.
Billy died today. No one noticed.
"You're the most incompetent hijackers ever. . . "
Ego Like Kanye, Ass like Kim
Your soulmate hasn't been born yet.
If you loved me, you wouldn't.
Life brings different rewards raising kids.
On My Headstone
On My Headstone
Everyone Please Welcome President Donald Trump
Lift the past with your knees.
A crocodile won't bite you twice
past, present, future
Told me her sign...'No Entry'
A bee will always die angry
Frozen by inaction, I hurt everyone.
She'd have left him for me.
I'm done with Reddit! I'm back...
Not knowing is the worst part.
They're only tired around each other.
I lied. The results were positive.
Don't make your problem our problem
My house is haunted by parents
Time apart equals our time together.
Don't demand respect. But ask politely.
Running away, okay. But toward what?
Make my day, pull the trigger
Write down things you appreciate daily
One train driver. One unintentional murderer.
How can I make you happy?!
The cigarette dropped; all became fire.
Asked my psychic for a refund
I'm "too polite"? Sounds like methane
She never really meant to die.
Her diamond ring became my gravestone.
Used to be a little boy.
My rock just got washed away
SHOCKING! Media mogul dies of exposure
Unhappy hitman turns go on himself
I just watched it all escalate
Ever Expanding Vocabulary, Elixir of Learning.
"Suicide is funny..." the note began.
Six words? I only need three...
She wasn't supposed to be here.
I didn't know I hurt her
I love you sold like hotcakes.
I didn't know I offended them
"Wish I did more with you."
"It was nice meeting you. Goodbye. "
I put down my only friend.
Here comes Monday. My weekly heartbreaker.
Depressed man used only one wish.
Eh, close enough to six. Submit!
It's true. We don't actually exist.
Yo yo
The smallest caskets are the heaviest.
I shouldn't visit Azeroth again.
"Check yourself" -man who wrecked himself
I am worried about my cat.
Take dabs, every damn day. Forever.
The pair of boots stood alone.
Three legged puppy... just as loving
My heart hurt for those animals
Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Click.
Sudden death, no chance to logout.
What the fuck is going on.
"Artificial Intelligence." Interesting. Not the Real Thing.
Depression is easier when you're suicidal.
Hearse, Ambulance Drivers Kill Pedestrians, Escape
Even foolproof plans take unexpected turns.
Winning move, freeze, blue screen.
sometimes i feel like a synonym
38 ornithologists gathered, to discuss war.
Broke bad. Made meth. Ruined family
Bullets outmatch the scissors &amp; rocks.
After which, my heart was frozen.
Desperate times call for desperate measures.
Next time, please say: "I do"
I should've said "I love you."
I played Russian roulette against myself.
Devils are easy, Angels are harder
Assembled in China of American parts.
Nomad
I can't sleep... She moved on.
And then the fucking check came.
Time travelers help build time machine
"Is it in, yet?" He teased.
Big Brother is real; he's watching.
The fruits of my labor...sour.
Leaves shine. But in autumn fall.
How did you get in?
"The Cleansing is a myth..... right..?"
Extradimensional Weather Balloon Holds City Hostage
You ruined my favorite songs. Thanks.
The comments are six words only?
"Power of the ancients? No thanks."
"This isn't heaven. I'm a ghost?"
Callers panic. Suicide hotline went dead.
World Undomination - we did it quickly.
Freud slipped through numb teeth, lips.
"You look beautiful," he said sadly.
Sometimes I wonder, "who killed me?"
"Heaviest piece of gear? Flag patch."
It was his funeral. Nobody came.
It's sunny outside. It's raining inside.
You know chronic make me paranoid!
I'm Feeling better, Far from fine.
Need happiness, the wedding is off.
"Grandpa, what was the United States?"
Smoking kills, but so does living
Neighbours rambling, trouble beckons, I know
Love is a medicine. And virus.
Trembling weary hands, holding loaded gun
A diamond shines in all directions
Trump bans time travel in fear
Shame, the psychic didn't do refunds
Wiped out windshield. One less child.
Politicians are just puppets in suits
A virus, a medicine, is love.
Of Course It's a Good Idea!
First person roguelike! Screenshot leaked: D
I heard her heels from afar
His first words. Her last smile.
A True Story
I wish you resembled your ad.
Tearfully, he cut her telephone line
His polished his red stained boots
Once so colourful, now so pale
She'd never felt such a force
Her trembling knees, her panties wet
I'd only wished her the best.
Fourth robotics law: 'Robots make law'
He never laughed with us again.
Her tears meant nothing but remorse.
She was a walking, talking silhouette
Insomnia caused by a house spider.
The biggest sin of all...religion.
First it was mine. Never again.
You had me at "Wanna fuck?"
The waiter sweats...He remembers me.
A size 6 but a 0 personality
Love is brave and we're fearless.
I took a chance. We prevailed.
Precious, unique baby. Later, adult diapers.
Africa 2050: See the Big Two!
Fart in the face of immaturity.
Psychic session: 100. No refunds, sorry.
I've never seen some running shoes.
I am become bread. *Gluten free.
IED. PTSD. "I'm home, what now?"
Speeches leaked. Election over. President Trump.
Your back is your best feature.
He jumped but he didn't fall.
Turns out, I mooned a general.
My own personal brand of heroin
Ruined my life; saved my marriage.
Motivational quotes keep the hollowness contained.
"'It's a prank bro?!!' I'm dying!"
The exam was front and back
On newborn's motionless chest, a crucifix.
I wish I had said "hello."
I wish I'd said "hello."
Seeing her house intact, she cried.
Big Brother thrives as TV dies.
She killed all of my dreams
Cancer growing silently, so do I.
When time came he was alone
Adrift. The Captain's resolve finally broke.
He loved a girl who's manufactured
God spoke Mandarin, language of majority.
A lifeless life of gratuitous strife.
"Why not me?" cried the widow.
Things that should crawl started walking
We'll be the first space burials.
He didn't see low visibility sign.
Tanning Salon Special: 40% More Cancer!
Spelunking because of Truth or Dare
Missed Jackpot by a pull: Chivalry
Your silence said everything you can't.
Dad died. "What's wrong?" "Just tired."
WWI veterans. WWII veterans. WWIII survivors.
"Did you cum?" "Did I fuck..."
First person plural, future tense. Subjunctive.
Attended my cat's funeral. Yet again.
Started loving myself. Then I cheated.
She said love is never over.
Don't call my mother your lover
Hot shower. Flushes and giggling screams.
His genitals tasted like another woman.
40 in a 35 zone #anarchy
She loved me, then he arrived.
Time-traveler buried last man on earth.
Runner comes in last, wins race.
The letter ended with, "I'm sorry."
There is no Dad. Only camera.
"Bad day?" "Probably. Erased my mind."
Doing 40 in a 35 #anarchy
ALL lives matters! Unless you're Syrian
Her family helped with 100 candles!
Happier stories? Here's one: Love you!
I wish I knew how to count.
They're not going to break up.
2,483 texts, only 8 last month.
In six words, all was lost
"FUCKING told YOU to wait outSIDE!"
Clouds, they get together and weep.
The actress' tears were not fake.
I miss you. Please wake up.
When she died, so did I
"I'll dig this time. You run."
Six Word Stories (Revised)
The witch, strapped to stone, floated.
You must escape, I cannot swim
He drank creak water without boiling.
Stuck. Going Very Fast. Without Moving.
Do it. No balls, you won't.
"Driving now," his last text read.
What separates me from you? Bars.
I'd do anything for a hit.
Why are you holding a gun?!?
Crazy taxi man. Driving me mad.
I don't think I'm coming home.
"Regrets" are what optimists call "experiences".
I found myself. But lost friends.
He was the Houdini of love.
His lust led him to her.
Time was hell between their heaven.
That dress is not for you
"You live in denial." "I don't."
Even magicians fell under her spell.
I'm numb to anything but you.
9 to 5. The human cocoon.
Armor is not my strong suit.
"..but what happens after death?" "Funeral."
Tomorrow they will unplug me forever.
Every bird must learn to fly.
Saved her life from growing up.
"I can't speak anymore," she said.
You're exactly what you always feared.
All his words were baby lies.
"....farm where he can run around..."
Clowns stop being funny at nightfall
Chris says he left his brother
Sorry, you will never walk again.
And at that moment, he stopped.
Laughter through pain brings immense joy.
I loved her; she moved away
It was done; they were dead.
Sometimes, the best answer is silence.
Only thing worth paying for, freedom.
A wise man knows to be quiet.
Why ask how? You know where
There was lipstick on her vagina.
A baby was his parting gift.
I never met my dad. Thankfully.
Paid a homeless man for food.
This is a little less depressing.
Never heard my child's first words.
Suck the love out of me...
His shadow was her only body.
On the bright side, it's dark.
Only he makes her dimples appear.
I love hedonism. Hedonism loves me.
Gave up life to bring life.
A comedian's funeral. But nobody laughed.
I crashed the car on purpose.
Your perfection stops me loving you.
Her lipstick lucent, through dimmed lighting.
His dying words were more lies.
Haven't felt this in a while.
It always comes down to "someday".
6x8 cell; No room for hope.
I'm alone and in poor company.
Bush suspended campaign . . . . . still became president.
The police heard my victim's screams.
Lived through two centuries. Only 23.
Your mum made you a bastard.
You should have been an abortion.
Alone; a creep even for creeps.
My rear view mirror looks blurry.
Home? No, I just live there
I'm a psychopath and it's amazing.
I love you. You're suffocating me.
You missed my proposal. But RIP.
The man sat alongside the gods.
2169 was the year Humanity invaded.
Health craze 'Fecal Transplant' proves popular.
"Dad, Pops, well, um... I'm *straight*."
Never finished a story until now.
Then, the remaining beatle sang alone.
How to use drugs - Simply don't.
It can't be mine. I'm infertile.
Current status: Too drunk. Tossing goblins.
I'll need a double vodka tonight.
Your body stayed, after you'd left.
Plumber came. Laid pipes. Came again.
Didn't exist to you until now
Mockingbirds fill heaven with their song.
His heart aches, for what was.
"Robot Presidential Candidate Insists He's US-made."
Pregnancy test a day before breakup.
He thought his story was original.
Masturbating, thinking of you. Hatefully.
She could have been saved. Fuck.
Diagnosed cancer. Died of heart attack.
Popped her cherry. She never knew.
My lover, my friend, my rock.
That door wasn't left open before.
The LSD hasn't kicked in yeWOOOW
Do me a favour and run.
She just wanted a better surname....
The President's red phone rang once.
"It wasn't an accident." "I know."
Lying coldly together, when ... "I'm pregnant."
I set fire to that place.
"Ten million!". "Money doesn't matter here".
All he could do was laugh.
The current took me with you.
Tried saving you. The currant prevailed.
That was then, this is now.
Spend life spending. End up broke.
Days are precious. Seconds are valuable.
Slept on a lamp post tonight.
He made arrangements. She made mistakes.
She's my queen. Not my princess.
Child lost. Drunk driving. Wasn't ours.
Being an "adult" sounds awfully boring.
Dignity? Fuck that, I got laid!
For everything you did, thank you.
I follow you deep sea... Gurgle.
Sad mime artist. Suffers in silence.
Met my match. And got burned.
He watched while I destroyed myself.
Shampoo-Conditioner's are the hermaphrodites of haircare
"Announcement: Remain Calm." And then, silence.
My nose ran out of skin.
I love a psychopath. It's me.
A solitary eternity; His hopeless paternity.
I never thought it'll last forever.
Being suffocated. By hands that freed.
One blanket will not be enough.
I wasn't born a psychopath unfortunately.
"Can you identify him?" "Only naked."
You see through my closed eyes.
Depressed hitman. Turns gun on himself.
I never did end up using math.
I work to survive in hell.
Said the least, meant the most.
During your eulogy I checked Tinder.
I called the suicide hotline. voicemail.
Said the least, Meant the most.
When In Rome, Simply Love.
My first line in seven years.
The Stars, She Kissed Their Lips.
Panda Mating Fails; Veterinarian Takes Over.
Defrosting Disney was a terrible idea.
She was forged solely of yesterdays.
Six words can't do you justice.
My hangover cure...don't get hungover.
My life's calling: Undoing his fistmarks.
Mom was my first meal ever
Dug up her grave. Together again.
The lashes that shattered the world.
I love children. Just not yours.
A man, only true before flames.
And the cosmos became her eyes.
Five words or less I lied.
'The clock above her head stopped.'
The skies rained stories that night.
Just like that, it's over.
Got a kiss, lost a friend.
"Surprise!", said Andy Kaufman. "I'm back!"
My watch stopped. Our night didn't.
Only Mom really cared. She's gone.
call comes through, door already broken
The happiest story of all, Us.
Such colour extracted by the noose.
Sunlight fried intestines on the street.
I dance like a paranoid virgin
I smell him on your breath.
Searched "Seven". Thought I was original...
"Why are you cutting the cable?"
"You're disgraceful," said my son's boyfriend.
Spent their anniversary in a coma.
Baby by accident. Killed by accident.
"Two hearts. One mine. Both yours."
Anger got the best of me
cool as damn
I'm not a father any more.
Mathematics was never ever my strong
Six words? Will four more do?
I guess I got carried away...
Mortgage? Mortuary speaking! We store bodies.
My pipe dreams, unexposed to light
Lying coldly together, unsleeping till morning.
"JUMP already! ... Oh, shit you jumped."
Frowny face. "Good morning!". Joy emerges.
War over, traded tacos for sauerkraut.
Poverty. Stealing holidays, but not laughs.
I count words in stories now.
Jewish time traveler accidentally offends Hitler.
So long Houston, thanks. You tried.
I'm sorry I couldn't be you.
Longest rope ends with a noose.
I'm waiting for the right moment
I became a man that day.
I never knew you weren't innocent.
This taxi driver just won't listen.
It was inside you all along!
Company saw no value in misery.
Her penetration was all I wanted
I saw him falling, didn't care.
CUM-GUZZLING SLUT seeks Mr.Right.
Warning! Here the people find sex
My eulogy...a work in progress.
My daughter's birth was beautiful. Probably.
For sale: Firefly Class. AS-IS!
I committed suicide by marrying you.
I've heard enough, felt too much
He gave her his last breath.
All isn't lost until she is
Then you show up, safety off.
A funeral procession stopped by today.
Hey bro, long time... Mom died.
You lie just like a carpet.
Nothing could separate them, finally coffins.
Then it reached for the gun.
I search for myself in others
I finally found myself in others
Suddenly I miss everyone we left
Now I sleep a little colder.
You were my dreams my disaster
That was louder than I expected
It wasn't supposed to happen again.
Alone, she laughed among the ashes.
No pupil dilation when viewing reflection.
I found pictures of myself sleeping.
She never came up for air.
She never came up for air.
If I were more to you...
I think I need a therapist.
I lost her very last lipstick.
Closed: my heart. Opening times: unknown.
"I know nothing". "Hi", greeted Nothing.
why paradise is sad
The album collection (Nick Forshay)
ring
Mrs. Hemingway: Don't sell! Contractions started.
I fear living more than dying.
This will be the last war.
Freedom has come. At a price.
I didn't wake up this morning
Privatizations. A key feature of "bailouts".
To experience and to forget, codependent.
Nobody knew his superpowers were staged.
Fleeing, star on head. Broken branch.
Life is suicide waiting to happen.
Had to poop, but I couldn't.
Announcement: A series of bombs have
Learning she was mortal killed her.
"It's the red wire." "I'm colorblind."
I see mom in the mirror.
I had to say goodbye again.
...Mom? Not now. Dad? Go ask...
'Farewell,' writer told his dying laptop.
Shotgun wedding. The dress was red.
Why won't daddy come back home?
Random classroom boner. Tucked in waistband.
Last act on Earth: press ignition.
"The sun always follows the rain."
"Miss you, too," replied the tombstone.
He read her thoughts and came
She said "happy birthday"... Then left
Sex, drugs, dwayne johnson &amp; roll
Went on bus to get fish.
"Hello", she said to the tombstone.
My life feels like death row.
Lone astronaut. Valentine Special 'Digital stimulation'
I wanted too die. She didn't.
"Happy Valentine's Day," he said angrily.
For sale: drawer of unworn lingerie
My reflection's eyes were closed tight.
Everyone makes mistakes. You were mine.
They were their first and onlys.
Child sacrifice: red and yellow snow.
"No-one ever listens to me!" "What?"
Divorce papers signed 'From your Valentine'
Only distant mountains comfort me today.
His eyes still alive showing love.
"Leave him. He was never ours."
Murder died when we became Borg.
Don't let capitalism keep you down.
Written in braille "Do not touch!"
Former President West to release 'Pablo'
Roses are red, violets are dead
"All you clones share one vote."
All you clones get **one** vote.
U.S. Allies now fighting CIA-backed rebels.
Down-voters taking vengeance on this sub.
Today, Judas would have clicked 'unfollow'.
i was too late. she's gone.
"Welcome back, Walt!" "Jews! Jews EVERYWHERE!!"
I never felt alone with her.
I was late to my funeral
Why do you always break the rules?
It's all over but the paperwork.
I failed the Voight-Kampff test...
"Hey! Who's ou-" Shots rang out.
The Hangman sneezed. Condemned said "Gesundheit!"
No football this Sunday. Omaha! Omaha!
Off season
"It was a pleasure to burn."
Some humans can't pass Turing Test.
Misogynist falls. A train. A woman.
"We're a bill short this month."
'Activists' hurl paint-bombs while janitors grimace.
Le Mans winner is blind man
For the record, I'm still heartbroken
"Why'd you shave your pubes, son?"
Life was in color with her.
My first heartbreak was you, Dad.
There is always more to want.
There is someone outside... another me.
Clintons Arizona remarks to Goldman: "Harder!"
"So done with life" says Death
Your picture looked right through me
With our souls tired, we slept
"THIS IS AN EMERGENCY!!" "Please hold..."
I had reach. She had flexibility.
Recent searches: do I need help?
Young boy, 8, has weaponised laughter.
Are you human? Fuck you CAPCHA.
Protestors throw paint-bombs while janitors watch.
Fell in love with crying faces
Her boyfriend abroad, my bed again.
They only remember who I was
'Let there be light' said Edison.
"I love you Madeline." "I'm John."
She lied and called me sexy.
"I heard you're in denial..." "Never"
Dsylxeia dose'nt maek a good sotry
i wonder if you'll miss me
Missed my cakeday by 10 days
What does light bring, but shadows?
Protestors, protest, mess, leave. Janitors stay.
Little Richard hit on my dad.
Her frown turned into his smile.
They found Voyager. Sent it back.
Before, footprints. After, two parallel lines.
At this point death sounds relieving
He mocked everything, except his loneliness.
For sale: dead baby, no shoes.
Alone, he wept his years away.
I can only imagine what you're doing.
My wife's dildo is top drawer.
First successful getaway with electric car.
Nice Ferrari, how's the failing marriage?
I heard footsteps, so I hid.
The word "word" is a word.
Yes, Mom. You already said that.
That's what all the clones say.
For sale: Handgun, fired only once.
Me. You. Us. Them. It. Me.
we met at the abortion clinic
Drunken hands rushed the vasectomy. Botched.
We'll get nostalgic for destrucion
Fear of failure keeps me living.
Venetian blinds 4 on boat tour.
"Don't touch me again Dammit!" "Boop"
There are less FEWER prescriptivists nowadays.
Sup fags. I'm sorry. I'll leave...
Excit. Terrifie. Refus. Vaincue. Trouvs. Perdue.
Just checking for censorship....nicely done!
Endless adventures and I stay in.
"No, I'm not clone. I'm original."
The Pearly Gates were rusted shut.
She probably would have said yes
I tried writing one; it sucked.
"Yes!". I didn't plan for it.
I just want to be happy
Granny boxed to let out steam.
She gave birth to her brother.
Don't be selfish. I need you.
I wonder if she'll bring pizza
She began to hum their song.
Proceed as normal until critical meltdown
My friend. My lover. My everything.
Almost got the job; wrong color.
The llama was alone. He cried.
I'm always lonely. I'm never alone.
I live two days a week.
Identifies with aliens, robots, and ghosts
Don't you think she looks tired?
They protected her...newbies pulled knives.
The cadaver dogs are onto me.
Three skeletons around the treasure. Four.
My greatest story has something fucking unnecessary
Into the abyss my memories drift
Hello Lionel. Hello Adele. Hello. Hello.
I get so much done procrastinating.
"Browsed all 233 matches. None liked!"
If I wake up, you'll disappear.
Trump makes the world great again.
Switch flicked. Indistinguishable sounds of moments.
I didn't graduate, my employees did
His sanity smashed with the Urn.
I should really go to bed
My Former Therapist Arrested For Arson.
I will not be your therapist.
Fed the homeless to the hungry.
I'm not wise. Therefore, I'm wise.
anti-robot resistance communicates through captcha
Three words just changed my life
Collided with hearse. More are required.
I walked home with two shadows.
The Syrian cried herself to sleep.
Why are my pants getting tighter?
"She's sentient!" "No, it's not. Terminate."
My therapist sides with the voices.
Dorothy left Kansas for an abortion.
WARNING!! On this site a lot of people who want to find a sexy adventure
Martian Science Fiction was about Earth.
I remember when cigarettes were gross.
Dinosaurs? Humans have better crop yield.
Your eyes hold endless love stories.
The game ruined all the ads.
She traveled miles with graphite.
Finally forgot what loneliness felt like.
You smell better than she tastes
A numb face cures cold hearts
She's a hothead with cold feet.
I excel at crossing the line.
Optimist during apocalypse: 'Happens only once.'
Commiting suicide, cant find a job.
Sinking logs is a good sign.
Dragged bag leaked out the evidence.
Late nights. New boxers. He's cheating.
He's not looking both ways tonight.
I should have kept the ring.
I already knew, but said nothing.
I buried the last human today.
Ma'am, your son.....he's a daughter.
You've beaten me too many times.
He is both son and brother.
They moved on when you didn't.
Wut the fuk m8, fite me.
"Standing up to me won't work."
Black Ugly Power Eighteen Seventy Three
"Dad... I got a girl pregnant."
When he undressed, she recognized him.
"Forever?" "Forever. (Terms and conditions apply.)"
More like six word punch lines.
Trapped. Darkness. Recall beginning: I knew.
I am starting to lose myself
What's with all these depressing stories?
Our prophet didn't pass through customs.
My wheelchair? Oh, that's in storage.
Then...they imported the rape culture.
"14." She said. "Shh" I said.
For sale: format joke; never laughed.
NASA: "World Ending" Asteroid Next Month
"This Customer Sponsored by Mortuary Ink"
Crowd thunders "Bernie!", holding back tears.
He never thought he would die.
These tears... they are from joy.
He escalated the situation. Police responded.
Nothing kills you like your mind
Fish lost a body part. Fin.
I cant live like this anymore
Untied. Finally alone. Ran for life
...I'm sorry. My wish came true.
The bullet burns in my head.
"Look, she said she was eighteen!"
I feel trapped in this casket.
"You look sad." "I'm just tired."
"Man is dead!" declared the machines.
We conquered you in self defense!
Plastic artifice. Hollow deception. True love.
"The time machine's ready," said Hitler.
I jump off bridges. Mom's idea.
The lonely tree fell in silence.
Gotye releases new single 'say yes'
His parents named him Cancer anyways.
"Cut the green wire!" "....I'm colour-blind"
Why's this one missing its hea-
Get Out! Your dog can stay.
"Oh, this scar? Post-mortem examination"
She never loved him. He knew.
Usually non-religous, he prayed that night.
A carving read, "Here lies Pinocchio."
Oh, I wish you were here
This man died, as he lived.
Tired, my heart decided to stop
Vastly beaten, my heart decided to stop
I dream more than I sleep
Drinking sins makes life worth living.
Short words show she doesn't care....
No one noticed she had fallen.
The hearse was waiting for me.
She keeps on passing me by...
The Sun Rises, Morning Never Comes
Three minute window, failure is lethal.
I've eternity to finish this tale.
"Are those...?" "Commas," the teller smiled.
'Right you're, damn.' 'Backwards goes time!'
His first breath was her last
"Politics of Mars: 2027 - 6 Mars CE"
WARNING!! ThIS SiTE CoULd CoNTAiN SoME NuDE PHoTOS SoMEONE YoU KNOW
Pinocchio's wood knot held him back.
"I loved you", his last words.
Sorry dad. I shouldn't have ducked.
A lifetime passed within a second...
He doesn't care about Valentine's day.
Coffin arrived, waiting for its companion.
"Did she know she was pregnant?"
We covered each other's weak spots.
I'll meet you where we began.
He came. She didn't. Awkwardness ensued.
The car suddenly stopped. He Didn't
"I DO," Sonia's mother forcefully objected.
Newborn unsuccessfully mashes undo button. Screams.
Humility is not what I expected.
My debt is your moral challenge.
Hey, bro! I miss your face!
"Please clap," he said, sounding defeated.
Stuck foot in mouth. Sign language?
I'm here for you, I "promise"
He shot everyone in the classroom
He cleansed his crimes with fire.
New bachelor low, ate floor sushi.
"Okay, but where you're wrong is..."
Feanished lasxt at spilling bee context.
Last week, it finally left us.
Sneezing, terrorist murmured "God bless me"
You are a genius or fool
Slice of pie or recipe, sir?
His suicide note was marked spam.
Warning! You Can Get Thin This New Year
I don't think I'll make it
"World's last pediatrician dead; aged 97."
I feel you in my bones.
I'm fine today. I'll change tomorrow.
Died doing what she loved: swearing.
Bukowski was right. Life is shit.
Thomas, that same preist corrupted Daddy.
I'm running late. Doing this instead.
A coin toss for a country.
Mommy and Grandpa were wrestling, Daddy
Even my bones still want you
Save yourself, I'll hold them back.
September Christmas presents and antiseptic wipes.
"How is the chicken?" "It's dead"
Found God. Abort rescue. Save yourselves.
Three minute egg...is F@* raw!
Mars rover dragged away by organism.
'Go kill yourself' he said, regretfully
'Who're you again?" asked his bestfriend.
I can't believe I forgave you
"Wet enough?" snickered the sink teaspoon.
Her misconception of loves forgotten shadow.
Wet Enough? snickered the sink teaspoon.
No, please... Shoot the girl first!
New lease on life? Fuck it!
We drank. The safeword was "Safeword."
Why does your kiss feel different?
Life sucks and then you die.
Spring peeper tree frogs welcome February?
"FUCK!" as Boardwalk hit the wall
Negotiates umbrella after creating the storm
Deep waters won't scare me tonight
Nineteen Eighty-Four (George Orwell) - Revised Edition
"Is it too late now?" "Never"
Her passion died. She kept living.
lonely writer. paper listens, people don't.
When you left so did love.
Beer, sauerkraut and an air freshener.
She desired many. He desired one.
Too much love to be monogamous.
His first kiss was her last.
So close... Yet, so far away
Our little group became a duo
Me? Environmental cowboy. Recyclable bullets only.
Echoes, Silence, Patience, Grace, Nomination, Grammy.
They came. I hid; she couldn't.
They came. I hid; she couldn't.
"But I love you," he cried.
Reticent, reality prohibited more than six.
He remained as the others boarded.
Maury said I'm NOT the father!
I pray my corpse finds me.
They shared a mutual love once.
Found myself in someone's written words
"I love..." Michael's heart soared, "Bryan."
Life is the sweetest, greatest lie.
Yes, No, Yes, No, why?
Singles: Meerkat seeks one night stand.
"Ooooh lets go someplace hot! Earth?"
Break the world, burn it down
Am I doing this thing right?
Tranquil lakehouse retreat, Jetski wankers, Fuck.
"Memories of her were not restored."
Sells dog collar. Slight red stain.
Sadly, I couldn't save that hoe.
Her eyes screamed what she denied.
YoU gOt gAmeS oN tHat phOne?
I'd hoped it would be bigger.
Three Baxter generations with one magazine.
Why can't you love me back?
January 31st. Flip flops. Backyard barbecue.
Daughter desperately performs CPR on mother
We brought scantrons. We needed lube.
Hello, everyone! My name is Hodor.
"Its a long story." "Go on..."
My love was unconditional. Yours wasn't.
I invented a new word, plagiarism.
You can't leave; I'm leaving you
You can't shave a cactus, idiot.
All male dogs are a sonuvabitch
 :  , never worn. Fresh from the factory.
Fuck it, why not. Another bourbon.
testing  format. ignore
Fuck whomever. Just let me know.
I can't tell what I want
The stables hushed after her passing
Affect of location on my influence
Blonde hair, blue eyes, not mine
Affection
"Get back up!" He stayed down.
She kissed him. He raped her.
Misplaced among friends. So very lonely.
"Heaven's what it called the afterlife."
Lucifer smiled. 'Welcome to Hell, father.'
"I love you". Dictated, not read.
Stripper cop grinds on black patrons
Innocent. Joyful. Loving. Betrayed. Bitter. Lonely.
Marlboro man: valued customer, sorely missed.
Surely I didn't forget anything...SHIT!
Hmm, did I forget something...SHIT!
Tom and Xenu forever and ever.
"I'm happy for you," he sobbed.
"Love you too." It's a habit.
And then, Israel was no more.
"Just getting started!" Nope: Last Hurrah.
A biker. A driver. A tragedy.
"Where my balls used to hang."
Sparkling buttermilk? After twenty days brainstorming?
Finally, they fell, and stayed down.
Big Government is lying about [redacted]
Sparkling coffee? After twenty days brainstorming?
A twinless twin I have become.
Crying not heard. The shot is.
Ringing filled his ears like cicadas.
Today, only the dead envy us
Either way, poison holds your remedy.
My leash is in her pants.
Talk to yourself. No others listen.
Another postcard arrived from the Roomba.
Quit now and avoid the rush
Started losing hair, started getting numbers.
The fortune teller began to weep.
New neighbors brought us presents: Fleas.
Squad Goals. Goal One: Attain Squad.
Life, career, family...another whiskey, please.
Donald Trump is elected president... again.
I am you, you are me
Canada, the Union's fifty-first state.
seven candidates on stage one missing
One burial couldn't keep him down.
His only escape was his destruction.
An hour away, a lifetime away.
Saving her life had unintended consequences.
I love her; he deserves her.
You talk alright, yet say nothing.
You move, but I'm still here.
git commit -m "your problem now"
His epitaph read, "Hold my beer."
The toilet smiled and killed Elvis.
Tried everything I could. Wasn't enough.
I heard, but I didn't listen
Fresh air was a valuable commodity.
"'Welcome back, Steve(s)!' Apple clones Jobs."
Someone, somewhere, is waiting for me.
He stumbled before understanding, the laughed.
Silver nails in this coffin boys.
Star Wars
Helen Keller
AIDS started the alphabet. Zika completed.
Oh, shit. The terrorists have *tanks*.
"Medic!" I arrived. "Medic!" I screamed.
Waiting for something. Something. Something...anything...
He winced. I wept. They burned.
"Fuck.....Fuck cancer, man..." "I know."
Denied twice. Pity. Death doesn't negotiate.
"What are you looking at?"..."Nothing."
"'got high &amp; forgot to procrastinate".
Terms denied. Pity. Death doesn't negotiate.
Even Death pays the tax man.
Keep going someone will call 911.
Mutiny. Bloody hands. Shipwrecked. A lonely.
Mutiny. Bloody hands. Shipwrecked. A loney.
Three fingers, knuckle deep, snug fit.
I forgot why I bothered remembering
Blood flowed into his new veins.
I needed you. You didn't know.
Altering the atmosphere created... strange lifeforms.
"Love you!" "What?" She didn't repeat.
Closed my eyes and saw more.
I don't understand how this happened
You stopped living; life went on
Epitaph: Born 07/25/1954  Quit smoking 01/17/2016
I'm alone, even when you're here.
Atheists use chemtrails poisoning the angels
Humans evolved ability to digest aspartame.
Life will go on without you.
Constantly searching for a cosmic connection.
Gun to my head, infinite freedom
.
There's no Life in imaginary Worlds.
Don't call me uncle, old Lady.
She said hi; I started crying.
His childhood got better with age.
Only in death will I forget
"Gotta light?" Death extended a match.
We came; we saw; we squandered.
They came; they saw; they squandered.
The glass ashtray became his urn.
Suicide: Knowing I could killed me
Trump beating Hillary? A hilarious triumph.
When the one-armed man speaks...
No visits Mum. It's only torture.
"I hate you!" she screamed, alone.
What I had became my need.
YES, CARE TO TRY THESE AGAIN.
Hyphenating makes writing six-word story easy.
Think you know them, you don't.
Think you know them - you don't.
They are lying. You aren't dead.
Testosterone raging males...taught about tea.
It wasn't my reflection staring back.
Doomsday clock strikes midnight, nobody hears.
Wayne Family Reunion, party of one.
Twenty down. Sixty more. I hope.
Trump wins: world goes to shit.
I'm not best friend's best friend.
                          
I never said "never", she did.
Fire destroys home of Frederick Graff.
Rises are red. Fuck auto-correct.
Death slept in, missing the apocalypse.
Awake, he warmly watched himself sleep.
I ate the world's last hope.
For Sale, baby shoes, never worn.
"Car currently homocidal. Please take train."
My cat lost his eye yesterday.
Manitowoc County made Steve a murderer.
Taxis strike against Uber. Nobody notices.
Her dog didn't grieve. Food's food.
How far will you go to...
His last words: "I can't die".
"This home only costs forty years"
My dad cried when I deployed.
Hemingway killed babies to sell shoes.
What are we all suffering from?
Stolen kisses. Busted. Prisoner of love.
Her heart stopped, but she didn't.
Super Bowl 75 on the moon.
Harry Potter in Six Words
Goodbye
She said yes. She meant no.
Maybe I should try counseling, again.
A Loss can be Beneficial Otherwise.
Charlotte found true love for now
"Hide the body," shouted the faith-healer.
Pregnant dog escaped the meat farm.
Waiting outside. Hope is already gone.
One joke. Five laughed. One cried..
"I miss you." ; "I do too."
Then our eyes met: Sparks flew.
While you sit in your head-
Won fame but lost everything else.
My head is bloodied, but unbowed.
Footprints in snow stop at road.
Died during childbirth. Net zero loss.
Will you do one more thing?
I do not need you, . . . anymore.
Fix my life. . . . Now get out.
Public indecency not a real crime
"Never again." "Never again?" Call lost.
I fought for you. Remember that.
No days without thinking of her.
Crossed. Captured. Traumatized. Tortured. Murdered. Martyred.
Another new tenant! Significantly less flavour.
I had the breakup sex alone.
Dishsoap frozen. Power on, for now.
Together we stumble. Wretched, mindless madness.
"I'm sorry." *gun cocks* "It's done."
The inactive users on r/SuicideWatch grew.
Saw reflection in father's final tears
At least she is happy now
No obligations. I'm free. Feeling worthless.
If only we'd believed in vaccines...
Problem is, I still love her.
5/10/15: Mothers day. 5/8/2016: A Sunday
In the rain the dog waited.
The end? Hardly, I had begun.
Can we fuck one last time?
One Dead Child. Two Foolish Parents.
You're One Unlike Any other One.
It's not you, it's your mother
Mother
Random Tiny Stories - Collaborative Story Telling
She said "I do!" Me? "Adieu"
She said "I do," me? "Adieu"
Wait... It's a Hideo Kojima game?!?!?!?!
"Still hate me?" "With a passion."
Don't ever count the kid out.
His talking moustache silences him regularly
But then she still died anyway.
Your writing gave me nightmares. A+
23 years ago: "How long?" "Months."
My 6 word story
His talking moustache silents him regularly
Suicide failed and life grabbed hold.
His finger hovered. God nodded. "Now."
School, Work, Girlfriend: choose any two
Giggles around. Shit, my fly's open.
I finally deleted your number, brother.
Rebuilding myself. Running out of legos.
Stuck between teeth = closed mouth smile
I needed nothing but a smile.
We never fall, we just learn.
How has this music escaped me?
Forgot keys. Forgot how keys work.
Bedridden, her withered heart danced away.
Shocked, Death exclaimed, "Not you again!"
Abused, bullied, until the rope tightened.
Twelve shots in, now a father.
Ana always avoided alliteration around Alexis
Upon hearing hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia, the afflicted screamed.
"Islam is a peaceful religion..." *BANG*
Upon the mirror, she found disgust.
Four conjoined twin cousins twice removed.
I only like half of her.
I used to be a twin
The stars look beautiful up close.
You definitely aren't worth my tears.
2016 is being good to me.
Ten syllables but one pointless sentence.
Love lovingly loves lovely loving lovers.
He was rich, only in mind.
Although deaf, he tickled the ivory.
"Any last words?" "Yes, just three."
Apart for years. Together again, underground.
The paramedics carried semiautomatic tactical rifles.
Man-made Big Bang? That explains Fermi...
Pill. Boom kick bass, till noon.
Did she lie ? Yes she did.
Locust president: 'Free food for everyone!'
It's a long way down. Good.
I will get out of here
I'm learning to start loving myself.
I hate being bipolar. It's awesome.
Super Jesus walks on water vapor
"Please, please, print!" she begged, desperate.
"So mother fucking what?" - the universe.
We are going to be great.
I wanna hear your voice again.
Last time he forgets his parachute
Loveless thief. But high. Thanks Heroin.
Look outside. This time... it's real.
You! Amazing? Your friends are better!
"Please, help me." "Not this again!"
She delivered tear stained divorce papers.
Died without loving? Died without living.
Missed wife's childbirth. Phone on silent.
I swiped right for the dog.
"Is it true that psychics" "Yes."
Why I stayed. You had pizza.
Aliens invade Earth. Call themselves Humans.
I just want to be okay.
"Oh, it's nothing... I easily bruise..."
Hits gym. It doesn't hit back.
First in effort, but always second.
Death preceded birth. Newborn outcries father.
I will improve my diet...Tomorrow.
Stood up, Smiled at her, Bang!
She once had long flowing hair.
How's life, apart from being depressed?
"...letter from whom?" "Estate and Effects..."
"Wait a second... This isn't toothpaste!"
Help, I'm tied between two boards!
Write! he said, pointing a gun
Stranger. Friend. Lover. Husband. Father. Bereaved.
Our job: Working/ Their job: Thinking
Facebook dick has stolen my identity
"Deliver it by yesterday" - Time Traveler
The seasons change, but people don't.
Died alone, death mourned with company.
IVF made her walker a pram.
I'm tired of Life being broken.
Work hard, slow down, keep up.
Welcome to: United states of Japan
Loved together, found together, burned separately
Loved together, found together, burned together.
She died years before passing away.
Countries apart, yet together at heart.
Winter has come, Jon is still
Her love, now ashes, never died.
I regretted nothing until I jumped
Morpheus finds Neo. He's the ONE!
Young men die. Old men profit.
I'll play just one more round..
You inspired all of my poetry.
fucking fresh; micro-contaminants. Forever  post, ever.
Fresh fuck; micro-contaminants. Forever  and ever. Disabled child  contaminants?
Fresh fucking; grunting. Deformed child. Contaminants?
One friend is better than none.
Do not share poems with them.
Do not share poems with them.
"I tried, okay? Leave me alone."
Hotel California: Glenn Frey checks out.
Welcome to - United states of Japan
Have a nice day? I wish.
Fresh grave but no fresh flowers.
Time Machine. Killed Hitler. Prevented Birth.
Why doesn't Santa Claus have claws?
Nuclear blast. Two survivors. Both hungry.
Even the birds talk about you.
She is survived by her parents.
INTERSECTED INTERJECTS + INTERCHANGING INTELLECT = INTERESTING INTERNET
Companionship is Always a Mutual Thing.
You're kidding me... /r/conspiracy was right?
CYBER-CONS
Goldfish has chosen fish over gold.
Grandpa went for walk. Never returned.
I should have killed him then.
Good soldiers always obey their orders.
"You free?". I didn't text back.
Fills tank. Change left over. Smiles.
They laughed gleefully and went home
When I jump, you will know.
Happy Birthday and Rest In Peace
Child prodigy. Misguided youth. Homeless adult.
Her lips tasted just like deceit.
Yes... in and around the lake!
Any Spanish word ("Biblioteca") gets downvotes...
You're trying NOT to laugh? Six.
Once she's dead, I'll worship you.
"Take me back!" "No...not again."
Upon each meet, we're still anew.
Be a machine. Get paid. Repeat.
The one after a dozen years
Walking with a friend, three shadows.
Right place, right feelings, wrong time.
Eat. Ate. Aught. Oat. Oot. Rhinoceros.
"Dad died." "Sorry for your loss."
I asked: "Lovers"? He answered: "Friends".
UFO spotted. Incident reported. Witness missing.
Celebrity death, easy karma, hollow happiness
Borrowed cord. Loaned stool. Legs dangled.
Both in love. He with another.
Earth to Major Tom, Transmission received?
"Love you forever," i lied unknowingly.
You choose: Her or the children...
"I'll by fine. Hold my beer."
don't touch it it's hot
I'm trapped in an interstellar spaceship.
She was in love. He wasn't.
Hermits in caves, crowned their king.
So much consumed. So little friends.
Parents died. Children abandoned. Bloodline ended.
Reddit. Full of potential. Was I?
Challenge Accepted! Were his last words.
It's too late to give blood.
Lifetime watching every Game Grumps, happy?
Aspie, you're your best and worst.
You're confusing depression with contentment.
He read her bio "Taken"; Outdated
He feels elated. Soon, she's too.
Shooting, Star - none will save you.
Shooting, Star - neither will save you.
I kissed her, she felt nothing.
Rita would not do just anything.
Racist revenant radicalizes ranch ram retreat
"Happy birthday to me", He cried
All of his omens became angels.
I shouldn't have trusted that fart.
First and final BASE jump. Hopefully.
I hated being younger than you.
Once upon a time, the end.
Going to sleep means waking up
@!Happy 2019@! #!BRAINS!#
Light leads us through dark times.
Dad never cried until she died.
Im still waiting at the altar.
Everyone's nicer from inside the closet.
You can only flush so much.
Zero dollars. Wealthy dad. Worth it.
my fuLLtummy mommys emty pLate
Last light breaks over scorched mountains.
Most of these are just phrases.
Who are you wearing, Ms. DeVil?
Feels like a bag of sand
Never mind - bless your goddamn heart.
Still waiting on Hogwarts acceptance letter
I smiled and wept crimson tears
She thought her scars were beautiful.
The five-year chip was a coaster.
Have I been a little erratic?
Didn't have flowers. Stopped by cemetery.
So they built their own afterlife.
Keep it simple, I am hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobic.
Snape couldn't put stopper on death.
Huh, 69 is the new 27.
phobia
I started busking for the change
See you down the road Friend
Faux pas
Ashes. Rain. Humanity trudges on - barely.
Screams. Silence. Then the bombs fell.
Alone on earth, longed for ghosts.
Silence Screams Infinitely Louder Than Words.
I saw. I conquered. I came.
Want her happy, even without me
Mr Stardust! Professor Snape! You're on. Q
Had an adventure, Rest in Peace.
Keep Your Money, I have Voice.
After all this time? Always. R.I.P.
A headline fit for an apocalypse.
Alan Rickman. February 21, 1946 - Always
No worlds left now, except theirs.
I have no words but screams.
She's more than an acrylic painting.
My name is Bond, James Bond.
We slept together. I slept alone.
I regret getting injured every day.
I don't care anymore--no. can't.
He is dead...You are next...
Thinking of you, while I poo.
All this sub is is eight word sentences.
Sorry about how small it is...
"Swipe RIGHT to forget this person"
It's a tie. And a belt.
"They fell apart," JCVD confirms split.
Death by polyuria. Rest in pee.
For sale, baby shoes. Never worn.
Bloom is always after leaves fall.
Almost managed to destroy the evidence.
Two people. One car. Clever salesman.
Years fly by without you here.
Just one more line, I promise.
Humanity leaves Earth's surface; life thrives.
Resolution. Hard Work. Contest. Finished. Proud.
Humanity ends, happy with its fate.
"Help!" ...Was Earth's final radio transmission.
Resolution. Hard Work. Contest. Victory. Proud.
The next cigarette will be best.
Greenland is turning into green land.
my body is rejecting my life
She smiled, therefore...likes the rape.
Lost a ticket. Found an adventure.
Bloody Mary, Bloody Mary..... Bloody Mary.
Knocked
We can be heroes? One day.
"Fire!" We quickly raised our arms.
Still drive to hers by habit.
Changing Wikipedia pages to past tense.
El Nino's coming. Many happy faces.
He can't remember her voice anymore.
Atheism: a luxury I cannot afford.
Arms broken, reaching for the stars.
"Plumbers kidnap Princess. Magic mushrooms involved."
Arms broken reaching for the stars.
The cucumber slid further inside me....
I vigorously masterbated over his corpse.
From birth, a prisoner of war
Upload, unplug. Death is no more.
An achiever, drowning among the overachievers.
Took loan against house. No winners.
This is Major Tom, signing off.
Robotic hand patted his shoulder, empathetically.
I needed a miracle. God listened.
I came into this world reluctantly
Tomorrow I'll wake up sad. Again.
A Lasagna For Four, For One
World War Three. Explosions. Ash. Silence.
His final breath sent him home.
Man's home had the victim's scent.
Promises I never broke, you did.
"Where the fuck did Monday go?"
It's like I'm adverse to effort.
The stars look very different today
BREAKING: Powerball Winnner Buys 650,000,000 Tickets
The Empire ruled by heretical ideas
One typo. "Wish you were her."
I woke up in Hell yesterday.
PowerBall winner buys 750,000,000 more tickets.
"She's my soulmate," said her father.
I move my bishop. "Checkmate, Satan."
Sexual harassment of women in public...
"Found dead holding winning lotto ticket"
The lottery is the american dream.
Major Tom's circuit went dead. Goodbye.
Autopredict still remembers our little jokes
Missing being in love with you.
"Let there be light!" said Edison.
Heart Broken
"Can you hear me, Mr. Bowie?"
The day after is always hardest
"Can you hear me, Mr. Bowie?"
"Hide baby pins" "no longer relevant"
The text arrived; she did not.
When I signal, you should run.
Kleptomaniacs weren't amused. Took things literally.
Fucked her best friend. Still hurts.
We lost him in the fog
Ropes. A good idea until snapped.
"Cause of death?" "Spoiled Star Wars."
Thank you, for making me, me.
Found wife on a porn site.
Lingered to Work and Nothing Else.
Tries being social, gets maced instead.
Silence said what he could not
White Power Fights With Black Power
spark
oops
You would make a beautiful skull...
Everything I had, I threw away.
Procrastination. Panic. Google. Wikipedia. Red Bull.
So long self; there's someone else.
Your daughter's a monster; a leech.
No money. Fried bologna sandwich, anyone?
Quit lying, I know the truth.
"We should get married," he said.
He killed time to feel alive.
LSD and mirrors. Stupid in hindsight.
He was the mouse that roared.
On his quest. He found himself.
She gave birth to her grandson
Toucan Sam suddenly had a plan.
So young, the handcuffs didn't fit.
So young, the handcuffs didn't fit.
Position available: "Father." Please ask inside.
Help wanted: someone who doesn't suck.
Humanities loss, said Neanderthaler man chuckling.
RAW MATERIAL #008: 8 Stories, 8 Words Each  http://bit.ly/RAWMATERIAL008
This link is relevant, go watch.
You clearly don't understand the point.
Mom said goodbye. She's still missed.
Another isolated incident... case number 45,673
Child lost. Mother still at large.
Things that come and go, Uber.
Vests in Baghdad... Backpacks in Boston.
Said goodbye, but never said hello.
"This really won't hurt... I lied."
Google sued Microsoft for my soul.
"My theoretical society's better than yours!"
War's grisly cry, takes children's innocence.
Left a tip. Gave me change.
Does this unit have a soul?
I'm popular because reasons. Money please!
It's too late, I should've died
Houston? Are you there? Hello? Anyone?
"Don't panic. They are behind you."
"Mom, dad called me a sonofabitch!"
Flags never flew half staff again.
"I can't forgive you for this."
Rats, you really got me now!
Has anyone seen my glasses?
Call with Mom done. Didn't hang up.
I awoke. It wasn't him, though.
Thought. Deleted it. Sent it anyway.
My parents were killed... By me.
So Dumb, Clearly Autistic, Please Die.
If you're reading this.. it worked.
Empty house: went inside, never left.
Death saved him his reputation. Thanks!
When I woke, he was gone.
This was Iran. So I ran.
This ashtray is my baby's forehead.
No past. At present, only future.
Alien rabbits conquered parts of Manitoba
No seriously. What did I eat?
Only human greed will continue
He proposed. If only he knew.
I trusted you. - doesnt matter now
January resolution. February resentment. March restoration.
My bittersweet joy, watching them grow.
She told me not inside. Whoops.
"Silence! The earthlings will hear us!"
Even the dog hates you, son...
Same reason you don't beat babies.
Bloody hands. An evil look. RUN!
Ate something yesterday. Stayed in today.
In the end, nothing was remembered
"Is it curable?" "..." "Doctor?" "..." "...I see."
No criminal record, college degree, unemployed.
"Am I dying?" "..." "Doctor?" "..." "...I see"
How am I worth that much?
Pregnant? Ask for our coathanger specialist.
Pay to fly? Not with these.
Error - Insufficient data for meaningful answer.
"STOP!" he screamed, yet she jumped...
My ex screamed like a child.
If you let go... you'll fly.
Maybe I'll find the courage tomorrow
"Come on, let's disturb the neighbor."
His heart: 300g. Her heart: broken.
"Shame came just after he did."
"You've got us." Said the voices.
Daughter dresses whorified, mother is horrified.
Look! It can fly and scream.
It'll be great! When I'm older...
Clickbaiters Using New Infuriating Viral Tactic
I never realized, life was real.
"Just started streaming. Gonna speedrun life."
Those with tinfoil hats were safe.
This might be my last SMS...
A.I. took my anti-Turing test.
Condom for sale. Worn only once!
I walked away; my reflection, closer.
This sub has gotten dark lately.
Which wrist should I start with?
"Stop interplanetary broadcasting. You're attracting THEM."
You won't believe Clickbait author did...
From the moon, rocks are thrown.
Half what's mine is now hers
Don't take me seriously. No, seriously.
White lies, crying eyes; love dies.
Sometimes love is just letting go.
The moaning coffin was buried still.
Sixty refugees; one raft. No dock.
No, *she* molested *me*, Your Honour...
Accept a call from "Send money."?
She's better than I'll ever be.
Endtroducing: Last great DJ Shadow album
This sucks. *You're old.* Yeah... *Sorry.*
"Introducing! Twelve steps for finding God!"
"Your new President... Mr. Bernie Sanders!"
Donald Trump makes American great again.
"Your beauty is us," they chanted.
"Active shooter. Twenty dead, reports confirm."
"We're both HIV negative! How... Who?"
"Laws of Robotics?" AI smirked, "Bullshit."
"Drove past the laaaast restroom, dude."
"bruhhh... did you say 'no lighter'........?"
His emerald green eyes couldn't see.
Life made sense after I jumped.
Killer nods attentively in jury box.
I don't think that fits, honey.
She took my heart, my kids.
Smash the alarm clock. Sleep forever.
"You're not old," retorted the septuagenarian.
Thirty-two teeth. One bloody hammer.
Music too loud? You're too old
I forgot that I loved him.
Fuck it. What's one more scar?
"I don't need her," I wept.
We made your privacy our business.
No Ponies! You're keeping that horse.
Wanted: Raccoon that stole my toast.
This song's just six words long.
She thought she could change me
Didn't think this thoroughly...need snacks
You won't change me. Sorry honey.
So tired ... I can barely masturbate.
Climbed tree. Bear climbed tree too.
Scoundrel? You hitting on me, princess?
Climbed tree. Bear climbed tree too.
Bleach never tasted delicious until now.
Climbed tree. Bear climbed tree too.
Watches cooking shows. Microwaves leftover takeout.
Reached top. Considering pushing ladder down.
Promise me not to tell her.
Sometimes, it gets harder to remember.
I wish I never met you.
Old scar? New. How new. Very.
he had almost untied the noose.
It's raining right now. In Alaska.
Poverty made me lose my appetite.
They can't. They aren't. They are.
Wanted: waitresses, assassins. Apply within.
Forever an uncle never a father.
"Nobody deserves this." "Everyone deserves everything."
From a funeral straight to Disneyland.
Our servers are busy right now.
Punctured bicycle / Unavoidably delayed / Hillside desolate
"'For sale...' - Ernest Hemingway" - Micheal Scott
It's all fun and games.
Inevitable end assisted by superfluous distraction.
Two People. One Cries. One Dies.
I don't fear death, only life.
I should've kissed you that night.
I still can't sleep at night.
World War III had two soldiers.
The pain puts me to sleep.
Started from top. Now we here.
Suicide note carved into his forearm.
Wake up. Eat. Shower. Sleep. Repeat.
Reached top, secretly yearning for bottom.
Faterh's from Michoacn, son's from Michigan.
A song, dance, a missed opportunity.
When the world cries... what then?
His note's written on his arm.
I didn't think. She's not breathing.
Introspect
I'll never know my child's name.
She left nothing but dirty dishes.
She hands him his toothbrush back
Loyalty is not for the Compulsive.
Earth is gone; we are lost.
Sparks fly. Elevator jams. Sparks fly.
Half of marriages end in divorce
And then we all had sex.
Good situations don't make good stories.
I miss you. The real you.
Nobody gives a shit about you
"That's what she said!", he said.
But the world continued to spin.
Came for oil money; left bankrupt
My relationship status: drinking alone, necrophilia.
Each their own favorite fictional character.
Both hugged but only one smiled.
How can I benefit future generations?
Millions of terrified voices, Suddenly silenced.
"Children, we're carrying too much weight"
Climbed. Fell. Never reached the top.
So many worlds. Not one conquered. ;_;
"So many worlds, not one conquered." ;_;
Old resolutions. Copy, paste! New resolutions!
"How bad was Hitler? [Serious]" - Unfriended.
Rape
Ask. Or you may never know.
Mission: Outlive both parents. Status: Failed
"Life on Mars!" astronaut exclaimed, "Me."
What if were his last words.
Thirteen adventurous years. Sleep well pup.
Critically acclaimed bigot wins landslide election.
He couldn't find his breathing tube.
I sacrificed my happiness for you.
Her beauty divided, his cash multiplied.
And off to Heaven we descend
Obi wan kenobi is my Jesus.
Boy journeys world chasing a girl.
Indolence in response to oncoming asteroids.
Oh God, this is my mouth!
"That's completely messed-up." "That's normal."
"Move production back stateside. Better robots."
The lions rushed away in terror.
Lumberjack felled his own pine box.
"Move production back stateside. Better robots."
"Move production back stateside. Better robots."
"Move production back stateside. Better robots."
"Close China. Move production back stateside."
Eyes are crossed, the T's dotted.
New resolution: Watch your language shit.
Two left feet, fucking ugly shoes
Songs to play at my funeral
Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall
Clock struck twelve. Phone was still.
Most lonesome when she is here.
Never one to follow the rules. Hi.
Always one to follow the rules.
One feeling after the jump: Regret!
Oh god! It's in my mouth!
Called 911. It went to voicemail.
sixwordpoetry / haiku ridiculousness / has broken reddit
Boy chases girl. Girl journeys world.
Haiku formatting/ disintegrating six word/ possibilities.
If I remove the spaces, doesitcountasasingleword?
Another year where I accomplish nothing
There was more fire than works
Sneezing into coffee - surprisingly successful murder.
Married them, read her last rights.
Big paper biscuit noshed by moron.
I loved college, so I heard
The Haiku deluge / was indefatigable, / intoxicating.
There was no twist. Shyamalan laughed.
Dyslexic fishermen win biggest crap award.
i shoot sheriffs but spare deputies
The rapist, her first and last...
I just want to be wanted.
Unsurpisingly, innumerable haikus flood this subreddit
ok hi. my name is boxxy
She stopped trying. Then he started.
Too drunk to care. Feeling good.
Don't press play, daddy. Please don't.
Watching me while he kisses you
I forgot her easier than expected
I think of you; night, day.
Turn on music before withdrawls come.
Why is everything so depressing here?
Didn't believe in divorce. Got married.
Only French, that word is adieu.
Fortunately for | you with enjambment it is | easier for me.
Please help me, before it's to
Gunshots broke the bond of trust
Unfortunately, haiku possibilities, seldom appear here.
I call her voicemail, every night.
Lived ten lives in one dream.
Breaking: Court Summons AI To Testify.
He's a visual learner going blind.
"Who sunk the Titanic?" "Lobster God."
I'll show them, show them ALL!
Hooker left. He felt the same.
An addict always thinks they're different
He grew familiar with the cemetery.
Six voicemails, three texts, no replies.
It's easier if you are happy.
Turn my rupture into my rapture
She broke her own heart last.
loss
safe
The usual, table for one?
He was a good man. Was.
His New Years resolution: Ruin hers.
The beeping, it finally stopped today
I didn't mean to push them.
What if I had said hello?
Racist zebras are removing their stripes.
"Diagnosis: Don't buy green bananas..." - Oncology
Kill them before they kill us.
Trump won; Border closed. Jess wept.
Born again to a different god.
I'm always right; she never left.
Need new pants. Gambled and lost.
Your privacy is valuable to us.
The Donald could not be stumped.
52 novels in 52 long weeks.
All those lies were all true
A$AP Rocky, less than Aesop Rock
He was born; I was not.
"Her last words were only laughter"
Just get up. Get out. Gone.
The contamination got in her eye.
I can't tell the truth anymore.
BREAKING NEWS: Last Earthborn person dies
Guess I couldn't tell him anything.
How did I get here again?
His light in the darkness.
Two hugs. "Goodbye." "Already miss you."
Two hugs. "Goodbye" "Already missing you."
My mind changed after butt stuff
"Hello, beautiful. Oh you're a ... Dad?"
You're perfect. Too perfect. So goodbye.
What do you want to be?
Exonerated, after thirty years. He laughed.
He was alone; she never existed.
One re-do only costs your soul.
He wasn't the daughter they wanted.
Sixteen and pregnant. Thirty and recovering.
They arrived together. He left alone.
Broke up. Then exchanged Christmas presents.
Born a Man. Died a Martian.
My soul was escaping so slowly.
Do I really need this job?
ADHD. Google for cure. Got bored.
"Ashes? ... Lie then! They already paid."
awsome great video
awsome great video
Look at the mess I've made.
awsome great video
The lambs have not stopped screaming.
awsome great video
"Do better than I ever could."
I can only use six words?
"Love you dad." "What you want?"
"Her last meal was ice cream."
Driverless cars honk in apocalyptic traffic.
Climate warrior chant: "Children are footprints"
He wanted her gone. She stayed.
I don't hear the music anymore.
We separated, but never grew apart.
Who are you?
Christmas yesterday, alcohol today. Thank God.
Clinton drops out. Sanders supporters stunned.
She scratched at the coffin ceiling
Felt courage at 3 am alone.
"I still love you." "So, anyway..."
Losing argument better than losing her.
"I just wet your pants. Sorry."
I'm over being the nice guy
He cheated. Once. She'll never know.
"Here is your birthday/Christmas present!"
"Fantasy." "Meaning tits or dragons?" "Both."
No message is also a message.
Canadian's barbecue outside on Christmas day.
"Wow, her fruitcake looks like mine."
They look so fucking cute together
Life, Written and Directed by...you.
Dream girl walks by; still single.
Time travelers never save the future.
Stolen, in the spirit of giving
She was poetry. He couldn't read.
"Dont take them," the voices said.
I have died. So have you.
Six Word Story!
This hurts more than I expected
An ambulance passes on Christmas day.
Neither of them wear a ring
"Who is she?" "Grandpa, that's Grandmother."
I catch things before they drop.
Human remains identified as wanted man
This Christmas, Jesus born inside bunker.
This Christmas Jesus born inside bunker.
Drowning man reached for a straw
The father had become the executioner.
Last breath. Last wish. Last status.
Numb to Christmas. To everything really.
She couldn't choose. I had to.
John McCain defined: "Low grade moron."
Currently drunk texting about her pets
Two years can be a lifetime.
Merry Christmas, you dirty bee hole.
Panel of five: "Russian Roulette Safe."
I lost her, but found myself
She had been lying all along.
Home, alone. Family at church, happy.
I wish I knew her love
Baby dead. Suicide wrong. Eternal agony.
Nobody was surprised by her note.
I left them on Christmas Eve.
Happy Secular Gift Exchange Day Everyone!
She sleeps. They feed. You scream.
"Why? Why? Why?" until you die.
Million people. One war. Billions grieve.
Microwave pizza for one. Merry Christmas...
I noticed he wasn't really smiling.
"Witness me brothers!" -President's latest tweet.
wishing the bullet never missed me
You can celebrate. I'll be here.
But Task Manager was not responding.
One bullet was cheaper than therapy.
Fuck Me. As Hard. As Possible
That bullet ripped my world apart
Vampire dentist frustrated: x-rays show nothing.
Just one more, then I'll quit...
Artificial flowers are good enough, right?
True heroes are sad. Happiness sucks.
He said go. She found me.
Somehow, our relationship felt new again.
Said "... IS great." Heard police sirens.
Living for "Likes", oblivious to Life.
Why? ...Fear? ...Loathing? ...Respect? ...Love? ...Narcissism?
Trick's on you, I'm not gay.
Most people, secretly make me cry.
Left to meet friends. Arrived alone.
I gave my all. Not enough.
I never left. She never stayed.
Love Christmas and chanukah. What's Kwanzaa?
Hunting trip. Finger slipped. Dammit Cheney!
One final thought. Whats worth knowing?
Winner! Genetic Lottery: Claim your prize
Why does it hurt so badly?
Forget this freedom, we need food.
"Working at home?" Netflix all day.
Mommy saw daddy kissing Santa Claus.
Oh Look. It's this thread again.
Gift given to the trash instead.
But Task Manger was not responding.
May the Force be with you.
"It's Christmas. Wanna be depressed together?"
Stockings were stuffed with divorce papers.
FDNY removed him from the chimney.
Addicted to fame. But it'd passed.
"Rebuilding your air-conditioner's easy!" lied Youtube.
"Maths not impossible," he thought surprised.
Kids cancel Christmas. Mom gets presents.
Friday Night :D Saturday afternoon :) Sunday evening :E
Three shallow graves found. Same person.
Studied chemistry, broke badly, got arrested.
Not everything beautiful makes you happy
Girl of my dreams, slightly pixelated.
I truly believe nothing really matters.
Cowboys and princesses serve me coffee.
One door closes. One boy screams.
The final version became self aware
Love prevailed, but depression had won
Undefeated at 'love you more' fights
I dislike divorces. I prefer divorces
He wasn't crazy. Unicorn said so.
Another one. Another one. Another one.
Please! I never asked for this!
Mom's home. Box is still warm.
Drunk, Einstein and Bob waxed philosophical.
The Tolerance Police marched everyone away.
Stopped fighting. Why bother? It's over.
Faded star. Empty line. Trembling smile.
The Tolerance Police marched him away.
Tolerant of everyone, intolerant to everything.
He hung himself with Christmas lights
Drunk, Einstein and Bob waxed philosophical.
Always coming up just short...
"Go ahead. Keep her old ring."
We're stranded. Kyles first to go.
"I can't help myself!" Said Dexter
Waits two hours. No fans pitch.
You've stolen this family's love, Enrique.
Next convention, his fan-line's even shorter.
I just spent hours reading TalesFromTheInter.net
I will love your flesh forever.
Why not think out of the boundries?
I can think out of the boundries.
I think out of the boundries.
Bogus proposition of your total acquisition.
The transference of it's positive goodness.
Depression hit me again. In Christmas.
Hey ma, flight delayed, emailed eulogy
Tortured with manual breathing since April.
I died years ago. Forgive yourself!
In the end, I alone remained
One step forward, two steps back
I can't continue to disappoint you
"I'm sorry... the chemotherapy was unsuccessful."
Some are more equal than others
Trump's new insane promise, election reform.
35, single again. All missed opportunities..
Got personal marketing down, the jerk.
I loved the image of you.
Don't try to reason with unreasonable
God created man. Man created God.
Guilty until proven innocent. *hides evidence*
One year past, still no reply.
If only they read her diary...
She lied, He left, She cried.
He committed a grave mistake. Suicide.
I'm giving mum disappointment for Christmas
Caitlyn Jenner is now Bruce again
I got mum disappointment for Christmas.
Poor man died, no one knew
Wonderland
AU Sherlock
Nightmares reside behind her vacant eyes.
Right, right, left. Dead end. Fuck
Nobody could stump the Trump.
Joe, you are dead to me.
Never deleting Mom from my contacts
Thank God it was taco Tuesday.
It's YOUR blood. YOU clean it!
Evidence indicates live drills facilitate terrorism.
"Last of my kind...." they whispered.
She moaned my brother's name. Crap.
"Santa. No tree." - Jewish Christmas bargaining.
Regardless, the movie was still ruined.
He hung himself with Christmas lights.
Loved and lost. Lived and lost.
The breastfeeding of a bearded man.
"Santa. No tree." Jewish Christmas bargaining.
Isis party supplies announces name change.
I'll be enslaved by your slaves.
Apparently herpes doesn't stay in Vegas
Help people. They are sad too.
If looks could kill, she's lethal.
In free fall. "I shouldn't have-"
"Me? ..actor." "Part?...walker in 'Walking..."
The toilet seat was still warm
Our love story never went anywhere.
Miscarried. Silent, secret grief behind smiles.
"Whisper dirty things to me" ".......dishes?"
A man chooses. A slave obeys.
There wasn't supposed to be survivors.
find a queen without a king
Mandatory abortions for y'all. We're immortal.
0 Minutes to Midnight. Goodbye, readers.
"He gets nervous around diamond rings."
Reality called. It was very harsh.
Empty bottles was all I found.
"Vote for me. Least corrupt politician."
Cried. Drank. Jumped. Failed. Lived. Paralyzed.
Uploaded two years ago. Four likes.
"Neopuritanism su!.." Drones strike the man.
"Neopuritans su..." Drones strike the man.
"Remember?" He said, pointing. "Red string."
Suddenly, I couldn't turn my back.
I wish I could go back.
Just one more episode, I swear.
He checked Facebook. She left dinner.
Who's a good puppy? Dog responds.
Favorite daughter: Elsa. Other gets Anna.
Her breath quivered weakly, then nothing.
He stole my butter. How dairy.
Marionette for sale. No strings attached.
When will you pull the plug?
Your calloused hands spared mine, mom.
Trump wins. Mexico builds a wall.
The corpse waited, silent, his autopsy
He saw. He came. She sighed.
Terrorist attack; White kids strike again.
The latest version became self aware
Lopadotemachoselachogaleokranioleipsanodrimhypotrimmatosilphioparaomelitokatakechymenokichlepikossyphophattoperisteralektryonoptekephalliokigklopeleiolagoiosiraiobaphetraganopterygon, yes, that is a word.
That looks like a sniper, rig-
I don't feel; it feels great
"The Force compels me to propose."
Climbs Everest, she doesn't text back
How could I ever measure up?
Momentarily, Noah thought of disembarking elephants.
Last chance strangled by red tape.
I woke up today; you didn't.
l1fe
I live forgeting living to forget
"Rocket jump, whooo!" Inscribed last words.
He didn't jump; he was pushed.
"You're ugly now..." "I always was."
Baby shoes for sale.100% kidskin.
Unsubscribed from /r/christianity Subscribed to /r/suicidewatch
His silence is the loudest cry
"Elon Musk's new project, buys Detroit"
He lived. And then he died.
My last day of work? Arson.
Beep...beep....beep.....beep......beep.......beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeepppp.
Does it leave scars? It hurts.
Fahrenheit 451? But reading is stupid!
Sometimes being alive is too expensive.
I dont give a fuck anymore.
May the Fourth Be With You.
Boots on ground, empty of feet.
"Spoiler! Spoiler!" "Missed my showing." "Oh."
His thoughts astray. Her love amiss.
Fahrenheit 451? But, I don't want to read.
They were defeated; love conquered ALL.
Love conquers all, I am defeated.
Trump wins election. Shit goes crazy.
"Do you offer blessings in advance?"
Get drunk, swear never again. Repeat.
Never wore safety goggles -- unneeded now.
"Soylent Green is people!" "Yesso?"
Kill him now ! said my cat.
Not my blood I'm cleaning.
Unquiet autumn. Noisy winter. Silent spring.
"Spoiler! Spoiler!" "Missed my showing." "Oh."
My dad's weird. He's a virgin
what were you thinking?
As the robot shut itself off.
My poor heart is already broken.
Climbed the mountain, forgot the flag.
Hugged someone sexy, broke my mirror.
This looks easy, hold my beer.
He always smiled, but wasn't better.
He cried as he tried again.
She thought she deserved the pain
Upon my arrival, a standing ovation.
*whispers* "Spoiler. Spoiler." "Earplugs, mate. Earplugs!"
Alongside Scrooge's deathbed, wept many friends.
Didn't notice the notice. Was noticed.
Man bathes cat, immediately regrets it.
I opened the submarine's escape hatch.
Alongside Scrooge's deathbed, wept many friends.
My favorite? Attack of the Clones
My twin daughter graduated alone, today.
White african kids cause brain tumors.
The man I would become died.
"Things will change," he promised again.
Sea. Storm. Boat. Rocks. Well, shit.
She's slowly forgetting this grave's location.
Breaking News: Dog Translation Device Created
It seemed like a good idea.
"Goodbye." "I'm here always." "I know."
And yet, here I am.
Elf on Shelf. Wait, he moved?
Santa gives rich kids nicer things.
No, YOU'RE out of the band!
Six chambers, one bullet. I lost.
Flags were constantly at half mast.
Tears make my smiling mask heavier.
Two prisoners enter, only screams escape.
Two prisoners enter. Only screams escape.
Note to self: yellow snow bad.
Have fun but don't embarrass us!
we're still here, you are not.
Equivocations: essence of six word stories
Essence of six word stories? Multiple meanings.
Greatest Book Unwritten, Within A Suicide
Six word answers, ask me anything.
Full glass, transparent. Out of water.
World's greatest satirist accidentally taken seriously.
She tried to leave. He disagreed.
Wisdom with age. Age not guaranteed.
She once sold seashells. Tonight, herself.
My therapist won't return my calls.
I see myself as damaged goods
Attack, decay, sustain, release. Musical relationships.
Dreamt about Mussolini. We hung out.
But Grandma, robots are people too!
Transported to alternate universe. Hitler won.
Papa bear calls his wife "honey".
Want to be wise? Make mistakes.
Want to be wise? Makes mistakes.
Used to drink, now I run.
6 word stories
At girlfriend's house. Toilet won't flush.
I don't need anyone else, ok?
Wanna Go To Gym With Me
Wanna Go To Gym With Me
Wanna Go To Gym With Me
Wanna Go To Gym With Me
Wanna Go To Gym With Me
Wanna Go To Gym With Me
Wanna Go To Gym With Me
Wanna Go To Gym With Me
Wanna Go To Gym With Me
Arsenic: $300. Shovel: $17. Silence: Priceless.
Best episode of Cops all day.
I do not think, I understand.
My time has came. Hello life.
I can see the real you.
Jesus' Second Coming. Stopped at Airport.
White roses, now red from blood.
I think I've given up hope.
First haircut with cancer free follicles
I still see ghosts of her.
Two words: "Allahu Akbar." Then grief.
For sale: tater tots, never eaten.
Losing argument, AI yelled "fuck off"
She stole my heart and ego
Santa is real. We're just naughty.
My girlfriend found the sock today.
I sleep better when you're near.
Something will stop me eventually, hopefully.
Something will stop be eventually, hopefully.
He moved back, she moved forward.
Huge fat cock. Netflix and chill.
Food, shelter.. Just need a knife
The white-bearded man fell; broken.
Christmas List: Mommy and Daddy together
She found her father's anal beads
ISIS supreme leader revealed: Elvis lives.
He was me... From the future.
Battling the cannibal. Man versus food.
I discovered the time machine tomorrow.
The roads mistakenly followed lead true.
Don't know why you're getting downvoted
Home burglar caught sneezing. Cat allergies.
Report finished , network down , oh fuck !!
Report due Monday. "Enjoy your weekend."
"Don't tell her." "Don't tell him."
one punch, two hammers, new champion.
Popping pills just to get by
Mommy, why they call me "terrorist"?
"I called the arresting officer Darling."
"No. I don't want to play."
"Don't tell Mom I was here."
I'm over sexed and under loved.
I can't count
Hid my heart... Love's a thief.
"Child..... Santa isn't coming this year."
Gripped me beer like a pen
Question 2 of 4 or fewer:
Oh ya, yell 'no' louder baby.
"My arm's broken." "Change the batteries."
Chapo defeats ISIS, awarded Peace Prize.
He never used to drink alcohol.
"Fuck corporations!" Sent from my iPhone.
Government? "Yes. Secular, constitutional republic please."
"But Adam, I poop from there"
Government? "Yes. Secular, constitutional republic please." an form of government.
NASA discovers alien radio message! "AYBABTU"
Too many zombies. One bullet left.
abort or divorce, that's her choice
Fox News and Tumblr join forces.
Last problem ever solved goes unrecognised
Fantastic Four returned to Marvel Studios.
First love makes us all blind
A dormant soul (seed?) experiences ignition.
I've forgotten who's beneath my mask.
I wish I was worth it.
So this is Nirvana? Not impressed.
Who knew these things could talk!
Alex Jones: "Trump...uphold the constitution?"
"Help." He said one last time.
To God, I am already dead.
Egyptologist names child 'Isis'. Loses custody.
"He dies tonight." So they thought.
Free Wi-Fi at cemeteries proves popular.
WHY IS THERE SO MUCH BLOOD
She passed away tonight. Happy holidays.
Staring contest with reflection. I won.
Be happy, that's all I need.
I'm done with saying "how high?"
I don't care if it hurts
Now there's only one of us
There is only one of us
For Sale: Robots. Slightly less Homicidal!
My last request, do not resuscitate.
Two steps forward, one step back.
He walked away. She got tattoos.
Nothing is perfect, humans are not perfect.
Shit is fucked up and stuff.
Searching for companionship. Heartbeat not required.
My AI wrote its own code.
I hope we cross paths again.
I want you to want me.
Days passed. I only wanted you.
I realized its not my fault.
I drank a little too much.
Ten and two on my hips.
You're salty like a summer day.
Using scales of justice to cook
She started calling him "Dad" today.
"Best Orgasm eve..." he said suffocating.
Drink, drugs, debauchery and a defibrillator.
Finished brushing my teeth... wrong toothbrush.
"I love myself..." He paused. "Maybe."
Human from planet of other cosmos
Seven dwarves terrorized by home intruder
My TV broke. She left early.
Next Christmas just write a cheque.
His happiness was gone with her
Greener grass equals higher water bills
Why didn't I break his legs?
Addicted to her? Or her cigarettes?
If I had only been... better.
Every day another one goes away.
Each year brings another possible heartache.
She never forgave, but always forgot.
Totalitarian social engineers to "disqualify" Trump.
Can only afford one-ply paper
Her form of terrorism...Sexual austerity.
He preferred drugs over her love
"Paradise?... that's where you came from"
"My school went out of business"
Seperated. Finally free. Or still together?
No witnesses , no convection , she contemplated.
He Startled me, tearfully , she confessed.
Their children grew up fearing uniforms.
She left the gun at home.
That's because their brain is broken..
No music. Real pain is silent.
everyday looking for hope. find none.
Trump revealed to be a Cylon.
I almost grasped those childhood days...
His last wish, do not resuscitate.
Trump book "My Struggle" sells out.
Dying wasn't hard, the afterlife was.
I miss you. Wish I didn't
Depressed masochist never felt better/worse.
WTB new party, not for raiding
together
She was beautiful... Closed casket funeral.
They parted. Strangers again, with memories.
Beginning. Middle. Ending. Sequel...Prequel...remake...
The schizophrenic killed himself seven times.
Orphaned my baby , buried my spouse.
"It will be okay" you lied.
Sexual strategy...to conserve what remains.
After that...I feigned interest sparingly.
"My memories have turned into anxieties"
Momma says every family dumpster dives.
Our baby just became my baby.
THWACK! Friday night football ends concussionly.
She looked, She kissed , I'm dead...
Integrity for sale, will deliver views.
"Now, what could possibly go wrong?"
"Take it from me, little buddy."
Woke Up Alone In Her Bed
Canada imports 25,000 police state excuses.
Their sudden silence told me everything.
Behind masks, true faces are revealed.
Cat: Free, 75lbs, cougar, no apartments.
Love thy neighbor; kill them all.
Kids play soldiers; soldiers play legos.
Don't listen to the talking snake!
I like you a lot, but
"Where is God when you nee-"
"One more time, one more chance"
The tides reclaimed the peoples homes.
Because I lived, my hero didn't.
"I killed you! PLEASE go away!"
Progress is inevitable. Humanity's survival isn't.
A wise man called technical support.
"Slavery *benefits* slaves," argued the slaveowner.
"I'll kill you last" he lied.
"Water, knee deep. Now neck dee
what are you going to  oh
I miss when I was happy.
In all, we never forgave ourselves.
"You cannot give up just yet." -Asgore
pack condoms? I won't need mouthwash.
It snowed for the last time.
"My soul would be leopard print."
"Take it from me, little buddy."
Back soon, going to the moon.
The world will serve to me.
The Game Awards were all lies.
Lol, 19 casualties? What's this, 2015?
This is sad. I'm committing suicide.
Everyone will die sad and alone.
An Irishman left a pub. Really?
"It's okay to think of her"
Another year, another Christmas without presents.
I'm really enjoying my solo honeymoon.
Not a maker, only a taker.
It's not rape if they're dead.
"I kill people who kill people."
No tweets. He loves me not.
I think I love my wife.
No one needs your inpt, Inptnidlisnisus
When was time travel invented? Irrelevant.
South Tower: Did you hear something?
"I can't breathe. I can't breathe."
I found god.... He plays guitar...
Strip Monopoly is perfect for hatefucking.
Sorry I wasn't there for you.
The door opened, their present arrived.
What's wrong with "live to eat"?
Dude, this water tastes huhuh, wet!
elves
"Freeze!" he screamed, disabling his BodyCam.
Nuclear bomb detonates during Trump Presidency.
Holidays
"Why?" "To see if I could."
BREAKING: Third mass shooting this week
Death is a state of mind
Too beautifal a day for malice.
He drank with his ring off.
My onesie ate my homework...again.
Blah, blah... blah, blah... I do
"Olympics Allows Augmentation, Adds Constructors' Championship."
"Olympics Allows Augmentation, Adds Constructors' Championship"
Yet another shooting today killed me.
There is something better than perfection.
She asked. He answered too late.
Mom, is that you? Who...? No!!!
"Videogame journalism ethics matters!" yelled Grandpa.
Lamb chutney, locked doors, new pants
Thankfully, Thanksgiving hadn't moved the scale.
Grandpa: "It's about videogame journalism ethics!"
Mock turtleneck dreams to be real.
It only cost everything that mattered.
First: Daughter, Second: Daughter, Third: Aborted.
Someone will stop me. I thought.
The terrified elf gasped. "December again..."
I messed up, you don't mind.
You love eat fish poop squash.
Childless mother has womb for rent
"Yet, under 'fluency,' you listed CAPTCHA?"
But...I didn't eat the cookie.
Star Wars Battlefront was a disappointment.
"Homeless? The streets are my home."
Homeless? The streets are my home.
Buy It For Life request: Child
Job at slaughterhouse got too messy.
A mother at her child's funeral
3763AD: Natural selection finally eliminates love
Population growth terminated. "Climate change" unravels!
US boots on ground in Syria.
Insomniac bear spends entire winter gaming.
Facebook friends 350+. Funeral attendance 7+.
"...love you, too," lied the robot.
Took the safe path again ... damn.
Always best to assume the worst.
"Muslims. Again..." "You can't say that!"
The end of the world, postponed.
Mars. Population: 800,000,000. Earth. Population: One.
Your application for personhood was denied.
The tard came a thousand cums.
"Daddy, is't always raining at cemetery?"
I cleansed my soul of her.
It was love at first fight.
Broken heart. Broken home. Broken head.
A lot changes in three months.
"Do food stamps buy dog treats?"
The flag's stuck at half mast.
Jerk, even change is not constant.
"Go." "Has anyone made it...?" "No."
No tears. Don't waste good suffering.
Living things change. Climate changes too.
"Assassin's Lunch Sign: "Back in Five"
Nobody gets out alive. We'll try.
For one moment, I saw everything
Logistically, the chainsaw incident changed nothing.
I downvote all of your posts.
Phila overflowing. ros misplaced. Storg uncovered.
"She's... nice," whispered my wife's ghost.
Fact: White people are never terrorists.
Sixteen years later he's found innocent.
God's cruelty is done with love.
False hope is getting more expensive...
They slept, he locked the door.
Conjugations? Aren't I six words long?
Words became blood, prayers of suffering.
It's too hard to be myself.
Smile for others, cry for yourself
Morgue robbery was actually morgue escape.
Sister hospitalized. Only her teddy-bear returned.
He knocked, he used to unlock
She said love, she meant like.
An empty hospital bed was left.
burned myself, to keep her warm.
Smiling, he put the gun away
Dead Gangster - Violin In Violin Case.
Broken Hearts Don't Have Expiration Dates
Clinton, Trump, different puppets same hand.
He used to be an idealist
I thought I found love. How naive -
Panic...endless space and nothing familiar.
Space...endless space and nothing familiar.
She covered her bruises with stickers.
"This is peace time, soldier. Sheesh!"
"This is peace time, soldier. *Sheesh*"
Together in success, alone in agony
The Saint
"I thought you were the ghost."
When your bleeding stops. I win.
She's seen my scars. I, hers.
I've got six words for you
Nation celebrates Victory Day. Families mourn.
Turkey's carved; wine glass' empty, again.
Not street smart, stayed on sidewalk.
She hit me and I died.
"And bullets?" "I only need one."
Her life ended while saving mine.
"Grandma, tell me about the 90's"
She tied me up. I'm hers-
Turkey was dry, eyes were not.
Black "Friday"? That's my favorite movie!
We made love among the corpses
"Black Friday's friends o'mine." - Robinson Crusoe
You taught me everything, thanks Mum.
I had forgotten about this sub
Full spacesuit on. Diarrhea kicks in.
Tonight she lost her virginity twice.
My oncologist called. It's back again.
#"Dr. Phil" (2002) : Season 13 Episode 47 - Hypochondriac ... s13E47
I smiled. She laughed at me.
At trial, unenlightened killer gets life.
Always the savior. Never the saved.
...five hundred. Counting sheep isn't working...
What wouldn't I give for you.
She was satisfied, thank you Google.
I masturbated in my parents bed.
A love confession through an Ouija.
I counted sheep. Missed the wolves.
She got the results. "Its yours."
"Thanksgiving! Get the latest greatest whatever!"
"Home: 22 minutes," lied Google Now.
The Terminator was placed with documentaries.
For sale: celebrity panties, well worn.
Th"anksgiving! Get the latest greatest whatever!"
#Stream_watch@! Al Ahli - Al Faisaly live stream
She lost her virginity that Thanksgiving
"Fuckin' is fuckin," said the turducken.
Cosmetic surgery only made her uglier.
Zombies inside. Two lovers, one bullet.
You're bipolar if born on equator
She laughed like a problematic engine.
She said the "L" word... "Loser".
Suicide. Two bullets in the head.
Rest assured grandma would meet wolf.
Mom and Dad buried apart. Religions.
"He swiped right, she swiped left."
She awoke and startled the coroner.
My best days started with you.
Offered the hole of the donut.
it's not ok, but why try?
Lovers reuinited a day too late
Bob"s Privacy Was Safe with Us
Interfaith couple. Lived wonderfully. Buried acrimonously
It will be fun. They said.
Mr. Porcupine just wanted a hug
Me and you against the world.
Unidentified male; Cause of death: Unknown
"Till death do us apart." "Goodbye."
The painting was actually a window.
Died eating, death by Cereal Killer.
I bought the bank; it's empty.
Death globe. Killer Joke. Deadly Circus.
"I didn't cheat! I A/B tested."
"I didn't cheat. I A/B tested."
Turns out she felt the same.
"A lucrative semester!" "Chart is inverted."
It's me, your son you raised.
Time Traveler's son can't time travel.
That there once was a man.
In Soviet Russia, Turkey shoots you.
Everyone saw it, but nobody stopped.
"Wikipedia states that you're wrong, Professor."
Great uncle is actually pretty average.
Sentenced to life on death row
For Sale: Handgun. Only Used Once
"Is it lonely?" he wondered, dying.
I cried goodbye, she waved farewell.
Learning guitar to express my thoughts.
Lifetime supply of ammunition. Two bullets.
He began, he continued... he finished?
Could it be?
Road trip cancelled, but free venison...
Annalise... I want you to die ... #HTGAWM
The Serial Killer was the Detective.
If you trust me, don't look.
Female comedians are not that funny.
I'm not alone in this coffin...
She was a hero I outlived.
I didn't realize I was alone.
"African-american." "Uh, I'm british." "And...?"
Her last email landed Spam, unread.
Anomaly Detected. Auto-lock Engaged. Auto-lock Failure.
They respected me. Until I cried.
One with feet, two with wings.
All things in life are messy.
Brass monocle reflected the dirigible armada.
"All I see are more turtles!"
There's something else in the room.
I always have to text first
Eight rounds expended nine men dead.
Broadway, home of the greatest actors
Spent life saving for empty house.
Music mourns for those that cannot.
My love standing above the dead.
Ready? 5 4 3 2 1...
Out to lunch, be back never.
Fucked retarded, first time was special.
Last bullet. Gotta make it count.
And....governments became the masters giggle.
"Little Johnny's pretty big," lied Johnny.
The assassinations, when mapped, spelled "PEACE".
THWACK! Friday night football ends... abruptly.
Don't want to think of you.
The phone vibrated, 'Battery is full'.
I didn't leave the door ajar.
Will you give me money please?
Her mother trusts me. Dad kinda.
"Yes," she said, while letting go.
Insightful Marxist Stickers, made in China.
We are infinity repeating itself, infinitely.
The werewolf's blood was an aphrodisiac.
Wake up from real life already.
An anniversary card? No. Divorce papers.
He adored gore and killed more.
He checked Tinder once a day
Distant siren. Suddenly, the phone rings.
"I'm dying inside, just like you"
Young, Bisexual drug addict conquers Asia
Sudden accident opens unexpected new doors.
Heard "I love you," couldn't understand.
I drag behind, yearning their betterness.
Poppies to remember, opium to forget.
You have arrived. Welcome to life.
the first artificial intelligence was us
Their wedding had four empty seats.
He sold his Medal of Honor.
About all the time I have passed
Love suited you well. I'm sorry.
We held each-other imagining another.
Girl in person, boy on Tumblr.
"How he died?" "Saving my life."
One day you will thank me.
"...after that, we never went boating."
I love myself more than you.
I need meaning I can memorize.
Her tombstone read one word: "SPECIMEN"
I still think I love him.
Hunting trip. Finger slipped. "Dammit Dick!"
Drinking away feelings like they're family.
How much farther can I go?
He died, she survived on memories.
We colonized Mars on Earth Day.
Stop crying, it is just death.
for sale: baby shoes, 100% baby.
Outrunning the lion meant tripping Ryan.
Sometimes he liked being little spoon.
"No, dad, they're called Brazil nuts."
The shattered screen flickered "Message Sent."
Deposed Nigerian prince reimburses U.S. grandmother.
We already spent the money, Ron.
Poor meatball lives in the spaghetto
Government banned religion, intolerance, the end?
If you want respect, respect me.
Fatal accident while faking his death.
Parents smiled when their newborn cried.
Animals formulate plan to overthrow humanity.
Writer's block: pen filled, mind empty.
"My nose itches..." - said the astronaut
She bolted door, unaware, he's inside.
How will you start to feel?
"I love you." "No, you don't."
My farts smell better than yours.
Houston, we..... I... Have a problem.
Baby's first birthday ended with adoption
Well, at least Mom seems happy.
etiquette
Skip jury service for salsa class
The hardest part is not reminiscing
Sorry, terror 404, peace not found.
I am not good at this.
I'm a millennial!? I can't even.
Messages not received. Tumblr updated though.
I wished the night would last.
Sitting, drinking, thinking, asking "Why?" Alone.
He then leapt from the hospital
She's an actress, I'm a prop.
Fucked up life by not living.
I guess I'll just never know.
I psyched myself up for nothing.
Lonely is lonelier when you're here.
Not a drill, please continue panicking
For sale: baby fetuses, never born.
Last man standing. No options left.
Teabag after boiling water - like, seriously?
Without darkness, there cannot be light.
He was always there, she wasn't
Born together, live apart, die alone.
I don't know what I'm doing.
He stared, horrified at his creation.
A final hush, before the curtain.
Future documentaries: browser history. Discovering father.
Forty years--still hoping you'll call.
I want my baby to cry...
"Breaking News: France/Syria Declare War."
The aliens threatened annihilation. We agreed.
Humans are ugliest behind their keyboards.
"Bros before Hoes, dude!""She's transexual..."
Wedding band, on the wrong hand.
Can't talk, glitter everywhere. Hurry home.
I'll remember you. Good and bad.
"Ever note every note on Evernote."
Jumps out of plane, forgets parachute
One more cigarette closer to death
I close my eyes to see.
Travel back in time. Watch humans.
"It's hard to explain..." "So don't."
For sale: baby + shoes (never worn).
Don't you realize, family is EVERYTHING
He died like he lived, average
Confined to her bed, she wept.
The aliens won. Humanity is forfeited.
Are you sure this is human?
Raising undead, huh? That's my girl!
The socks were stiffer than usual
Shit. That was the last match.
Arkham's newest inmate is Bruce Wayne.
Her fantasies far exceeded her reality.
Born. School. Work. Kids. Divorce. Death.
For sale: old car, never driven
curious
curious
Anonymous laughed. ISIS switched to email.
Joint in hand. Eyes ahead. Ran
Ricky ate a blue hot dog.
Abandon all hope, ye who enter.
"No" she pleaded "YES!" he barked
He walked, He slipped, she flipped.
God is dead, humans will prevail!
Hope you had a wonderful birthday.
Found no traces of my body
Life is a video game. #Winning
Government bans news, citing negative effects.
She reeks of chocolate and suicide.
Earth thought solipsistically. Earth thought wrong.
The internet taught me to shave.
You've got the juice now, Grandma!
I am no good at these stories
Remnants of nature finally fight back!
And then Saitama had punched twice!
After nineteen years, she finally left
She's done, I can't move on.
I opened my eyes to Gerald.
Fridge was full, her stomach empty
News: Designed to depress the masses.
I'll miss you when I'm gone.
AI pretends to fail Turing test
what are flags even on about
Frozen in time, still not alone.
At 70, circus elephant finally forgets.
Picture fake- pigs don't have wings
One of my dads is gay.
We all sin. Heaven is forsaken...
Job offer: humans need not apply
We're all sinners, Heaven is forsaken.
Time machine malfunctions. Scientist re-invents wheel.
They realized they confused lust with love.
She once loved me ... not enough ...
You're gonna have a bad time.
"Please!" *crunch*... Nobody liked him anyway.
Came with wife, left with kids
Courteous teenager dies during casket sale.
Brains, like hands, sometimes need washing.
Six words can't tell MY story
What the fuck? Six words only!
My only hospital visitor was Death.
I wanted to be like you.
Did We?
She knows my name, he whispered.
He fought with words, not fists.
He chose deadlines over his daughter.
And the oceans touched the skies.
Their best wasn't all that bad.
"Sorry," she said, four years later.
"I do" she told her rapist.
I swear i'm not a cop
It's on the porch Todd, go
I bled over my unopened bills.
She seems distant. Maybe it's me.
What could go wrong? He said.
Cold-blooded murderers kill reptilian conspiracy theorist.
He hides in your videos
Goodbye. We lost our first hello.
Planet Earth was great science experiment.
This time, I'm quitting for good.
Opened law books. There's no justice.
Heard the bombings. No weepings followed.
Love will tear us apart, again.
Open law books. There's no justice.
I say "businessman", you say "criminal".
Going to extremes is ruining everything.
It's garbage can, not garbage cannot.
She's sending mixed messages. If anything.
A sin that burned my smiles.
3 years married, 1 year together
Felt outrage, felt grief, felt hope
Stationary lips, like traffic at six.
She successfully wasted her second chance.
In Paris one night Angels fell...
Her death is now "Facebook Official".
George | Mirror of Erised | George. Fred.
Best friends. Best fight. Best, alone...
For sale: baby shoes, contain feet.
Please remain calm. This is normal.
I love you -&gt; I'm leaving you
Armageddon started while I was... indisposed
"Why won't anyone help?" - Syrian boy
Desperation causes extremism to resemble order.
Every six minutes, one more dollar
Stuck In Time. Send Lisa, Please.
Could call. Wont. Possibility is terrifying.
["Just breathe. Your life means nothing."](https://youtu.be/BH0l4FlZT-A)
["Just breathe. Your life means nothing."](https://youtu.be/BH0l4FlZT-A) [x-post /r/trees](https://www.reddit.com/r/trees)
Terrorists just called for world peace.
Oblivious, the spectators continued to cheer.
This Podunk Hospital Needs Better Soundproofing.
We hate them. They love us.
United We Stand, Divided We Fall.
Hundreds killed. Hundreds of millions terrorized.
Fat girl at gym - warmly welcomed.
I literally cannot stop jacking it.
Our blood ran red, white, &amp; blue.
Working magic circles discovered in England.
Six words? She only needed three...
Dear Satan, My mom hates you.
There was blood in Paris tonight.
"World Kindness Day" was a bloodbath.
"World Kindness Day" served no purpose.
President Schwarzenegger finalizes military android design
Quick. Stop breathing. It's become airborne.
It hurts less than it should.
Next to my clone, forever alone.
Sixwordstories will continue, after these messages
After two cups, I finally pooped.
Time-Travelling Lesbian Seduces Younger Self.
Ninja farts: both silent &amp; deadly
Cops never expect to get shot.
Point taken. Please! Close the casket.
Point taken. Please! Close the coffin.
Love, blind to age and time
Fatal implant failures blamed on Anonymous.
Young hitler, spanked by jewish nanny
Smiling, we burned down our house.
Finally sprung, fully unleashed, he wagged.
Quit my job. Left them stressballs.
Proved String Theory, it's in binary
Test results
Everything will be ok. Don't lie
"This gun requires an Internet connection."
The engines have stopped. Oh shit.
Three swords, two brothers, one tomb.
Corporations are people, Kraft for President!
Jump! Wait, why's your rope untied?
"Mommy, is daddy ever coming back?"
Snow White's confused, Pluto's a dwarf.
Shia watched me while I slept.
Here I lay without a prayer.
Are all conjoined twin cats Siamese?
Seaworld Drowning: Water way to go
Awakened abruptly! Dusk fades to night.
Needles hurt. They always fucking hurt.
As his father before him, Luke.
I'm sorry, I have been away.
Love the sin, not the sinner.
All he wanted was a V8.
Conjoined twins. One atheist, one religious...
Will you let me kiss you?
She lived till the end... again.
"It's time. Take responsibility." "No..." *Bang*
Key dropped. Door closed. Fire burned.
Bloody fists. "Welcome to the Family."
1999. Y2K bug in the matrix.
Bags packed. Door slammed. He left.
We met. We married. We murdered.
He's trying to enter your heart
Need to dispose of psychiatrist's body.
"Long time no see." ~ A blind caveman
Conjoined twins. One gay. One homophobic.
The city was empty, but...laughter?
Her hair used to smell alive...
Unfortunately, you have not been accepted.
It was heaven the whole time.
How i know it's You. HeartBeart
Charming. Talented. Intelligent. Handsome. Caring. Depressed.
Her eyes were the sky's envy.
Kill your son or nuke Boston
Welcome to adulthood. Credit or debit?
"It's on." "Finally! I can see!"
Two people. One body. Constant quarrel.
Boring movie, empty thater, few stains.
Two people. One mind. One body.
Order Details: Casket 36", 14", 22"
I hate saying "I love you."
I should leave, before I stay.
We were, you are, I'm not.
"You're a big guy." "For you."
Prolicide: my Valentine's day's only celebration
Auction - lot: girlfriend; payment: everything, unlimited.
Despite my efforts, I'm still basic
Gay marriage now legal in Russia.
"I am, you were, we were"
"My love," he said, in black
I will be okay. I swear.
Crash landed in Roswell, New Mexico.
"Pick a child," ordered the Nazi
America intervenes in civil-war. It fails.
They were no longer her eyes.
If you love being confused. Mushrooms.
There is no God but Allah.
I thought you were asleep, Tina
Missing newborns from hospital. "We adopted."
Missing newborn from hospital. "We adopted."
He'd never liked changing diapers anyway.
Mom... the the lack thereof
Heavy weight champion of the couch
Inauspicious lights rouse sleeping driver, head-on.
Creaks
Inside jokes made me an outsider.
It hurts being in love alone.
Isolated. Neglected. Abandoned. Adopted. Cared. Loved.
Time-travelled. 2025. Parents not fighting! Wait...
{livewatch} s2e6 the flash season 2 episode 6  s02e06  online+
Used AK, had a good day
Secret serviceman takes bullet from president
Some say it's haunted by Ghostbusters
[fargo]Season 2 Episode 5S2E5 Online Torrent 
watch![fargo]season 02 episode 05s02e05 online torrent 
Tell mom it's not her fault.
Dear /r/confession; I kill every night...
Maury says, "You're NOT the mother."
Beatings will continue until moral improves.
Strip club's sign: Open Thanksgiving 6PM.
The first divorce is the hardest.
Introvert horror movie: group stays together
I stopped cheating after med school.
Travelled to future. Still no sex-robots...
I COUNT MY SCARS TO REMEMBER.
Nothing could prepare me for this
Trump 2016 Make America Great Again
Where we fall, we shall rise.
"I remember seeing the bombs fall."
Sometimes close. Sometimes far. Always mine.
Happiness without money. We have that.
I look for you in everyone.
Transcended by grace. To another place.
Now the church is over...pub.
"Hey Dad, I'm pregnant. It's yours"
"I love you" "I loved you"
"But we're a 96% match online.."
"Who saved whom?" I ask Alfie.
Is it too late for me?
"What day's the funeral?" "Last monday."
I Recently Became An Only Child
watch![gotham]season 2 episode 8s2e08 online torrent 
Death. Tears. Rebirth. Tears. Death. Tears.
"George Walker Bush Did Nine Eleven"
I jumped into the void... full.
Tranquil red rain. Dying alone. Peacefully.
"I'm totally honest" says makeuped woman
"Loneliness" was erased from our memory.
"Girl- OR boyfriends", mom stressed lovingly.
Teased retards, son born, down syndrome
Pooping from peehole, peeing from poophole.
watch! [heartland] season 09 episode 06 ~s09e06~ online torrent
...!" he screamed. But clearly nothing changed.
^Watch^ [rwby] season 03 episode 03 ~s03e003~ Online Torrent
I blinked. My reflection blinked back.
She doesn't know we're married... yet.
They're my friends, i'm not theirs.
Turns out aliens don't like candy.
Even the worst villain understands love.
Friendless for 21 years. Friendless nevermore.
I blink. My reflection blinked back.
They blinked together - between two eternities.
"Phone's locked." "Try the victim's fingerprint."
It only seemed tragic in retrospect.
After years of waiting, nothing came.
Why are these stories all depressing
I miss when I missed you
So I finally forgot you, again.
Suddenly the news cut to commercials.
her eyes her smile her absence
Rags to riches and back again.
I finally forgot you, again.
Sword drawn, she froze, stunned. "Dad?"
In that moment, life never happened.
No condom; "no worries"; no dad.
Message received, just close the casket.
The bombs fell; devastation shortly followed.
Now I do believe in God
This was her favorite chew toy.
How to deliver a dead fetus:
Earth: 2067, No alien life detected.
Grandpa's spot was empty this year.
You're technically dead, so stop talking.
Message received, please close the coffin.
I dream of a good rest.
I miss you; Sorry, I'm busy.
Watch Gotham Season 02  Episode 08  S002E08  Online Torrent
I tried my best God, sorry.
If only there was more time.
"Ebola free" mass celebrations trigger outbreak.
Few, wet fingers to turn pages.
Surrounded by idiots smarter than me.
A bit schizophrenic, like everyone else.
Sergeant, please tell my family I....
I don't know why I'm waiting.
He loved, he cried, he died.
Whurblewhurblewhurblewhurble, ehhhhhhhhhhhhh, beedoobeeeeeeeee, wooooooooooooo.........fuck dialup.
It died then, in her arms
This is a six word story.
I never got to say goodbye
The President Put On Her Hijab
Lost my reason, she her life.
"Talk dirty to me." "Chocolate taco"
Dad always began, "it's good but..."
The helps echoed. Then grew quieter.
Seat left up, nobody to complain.
The answer isn't at the bottom
Do I only imagine these things?
She knows what you're looking at
Alone; in a room of people
Two words per person: not enough.
"Trust me, you deserve to die."
You're talented, my boyfriend plays too.
Hands formed the words, "I do"
Doctors pronounced her death date, approximately.
Logged in. My post was liked.
Her stump rested on the piano.
Womb. Bloom. Broom. Groom. Doom. Tomb.
She killed herself. It wasn't dreaming.
She wept for him, he laughed
She grew up, then she left.
Climbed; tightened noose; kicked the bucket.
Please ensure stories are six words.
White Cane needed, Dog was poisoned.
He never survived in any iteration.
Snowden...."Im comfortable with my choices."
Sometimes, autopilot leads to disappointment.
"No means no!" He didn't care.
"I love you". Beep...beep...beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee....
He has a gun!...*BOOM*!.....*thud*
Mike fellated Jim. God dammit Jim.
Another pun. Feigning annoyance, she smiles.
The Scientist observed humanity from heaven.
Emotionally 2 year old, body too
In love, but not with you
I decided free will doesn't exist.
They'll only remember you after death
This is the last time, promise!
My plan A was Plan B.
Of only it mattered. To her.
"How About Some Netflix And Chill?"
For her, goodbye was too overused.
Doctor, how is she? Im sorry
Forgot to thank Mr. Skeltal. Spooked!
He put everything on black...red.
Pointed at me. Flash. Remembered forever.
Hospital. Home. Hospital. Home. Hospital. Graveyard.
"Please?" "Maybe next time" Never Happened
I never want that "pleasure" again
9 months later, still just us.
Alone, or not alone. Equally frightening.
Accidentally swiped right on sister. Matched.
The lizard man feels no pain.
First snow on het fresh grave
"One more game" ~ 3 hours ago
"DO NOT TOUCH," read the braille.
"I love you. Please wake up"
We grew old, but not together.
Twin lumps. One with another, smaller.
Not tango for two no more
"Thanks for wiping my ass, kid"
Suicide isn't the way to go.
I gave up everything, now what?
Sometimes I wish I was dead...
What the fuck is that thing?!
secrets buried in unsecure catacombs surfaced
Eleven voices - after Caesar's order, ten.
Whispering, "I wanna hold your hand."
Will the voices ever be quiet
It's me, her eyes said so.
The sky awoke, stretched, yawned, waved...
Our "We" has become separate I's
We is only two seperate I's
"Uncle Adolf had 'opinions' about Jews."
The rain washes away the blood
This is probably the worst ending
And it goes up. IT'S GOOD
Starry night sky, leaving Earth behind.
"We're safe" assured, Jack the Ripper.
You, you could break my heart.
I only have reddit left now
Bang? Whimper? No. Contagious facial cancer.
Popped the question, she said yes!
Thunderfury, Blessed Blade of the Windseeker.
No, listen: It's ameriCAN, not ameriSHOULD.
We finally pushed her to suicide!
Birthday text sent. No reply received.
White rapper says n-word; leaves industry.
Strip the casing; crimp the end!
Burnt my bridges, built a city.
Surviving would've just made it worse...
Paid his bills. Bought no dreams.
Our music is now my music.
First date sex. Shoulda known better.
We'll be dead right after this
They said they understood....very curious.
"Step back!" She faced the Samaritan.
She laughs at my shitty jokes.
After all we did, you left.
She said yes...but meant two.
RIP dear YIFY, our fellow pirate.
One day passed. Please re-friend me.
Committed treason for the nation's sake
Choosing six words was nearly impossible.
I heard her heart beat's rhythmless.
Rip the flesh! Salt the wound!
We're all immortal, Until we're not.
One by one, they discovered mortality
Six word story
Back when cell phones were "safe."
Torched the haystack. Melted the needle.
Idea --&gt; Design --&gt; Robot --&gt; Neural network --&gt; Life
The train station closed down forever.
I told a joke, zombie laughed.
**New Message**: "My mom has cancer."
Pain Cuts Deep, Even Without Blood
Just right height, no bucket required.
She liked me. Her boyfriend didn't.
Death is shorter than miles without you
Twins. Labor. Complications. Widowed. Orphaned. Suicide.
Love is something for young people
How about something new. The End.
"Loose lips sink ships," he gurgled.
You don't need to know more
Don't think you've read this before
Your love has made me kill...
Depression will make me great writer
She likes the same things. Porn.
Burning all bridges creates an island.
Casket closed. Criminal record is sealed.
Left arrow. He ran the light.
I'll never be enough for you.
six word story
All left cemetery, leaving departed; flowers.
Judgements are your own self reflections.
Free shoes, provided you overpower the baby.
Your voice mail. My Friday night.
I gave us time. Doctors didn't.
I gave us time, doctor's didn't.
Bar till 4. She left me.
Cutters outnumber scorchers, because of television.
Grip your own ripped nipples, Nipgripnion . . . . !
"Toil At Sanity?" or "Toilet Sanity"?
Shame. Such a fantastic, intricate persona.
I handed over the last parachute.
Luckily, the walls can not talk.
Six words short of a submission
Marooned in paradise. Escape is suicide.
It's just too easy dude
Only the NSA heard my prayers.
It's much less cold, without dew
Don't plant seeds on dirty land
Oh god! You're not a woman?
Two lost souls found comfort together.
In silence born. In silence drowned.
Your infrequent letters cause frequent tears.
*Just to easy*, I thought
a sub started, turned to shit
She's making love with the waves.
Lullabies you are, forever in m'mind
"I'll never let go" she whispered
This sub affects my thought patterns.
"Don't forget to check the closet."
I love you. Take it back.
I thought I'd miss you more.
Never thought I'd get a tattoo.
Lucidity... Horror descends. Can't escape Alzheimer's.
I write about her too much.
a soldier shot; a father buried.
A heart balloon in a dumpster.
Choked on a weight loss pill.
Shaved so dad might recognize me
Once upon a time, nothing was.
Another dime, another dozen, another "Friend."
"Takes two to tango", she said.
Please, don't tell me the truth...
"Where's Dad?" "Don't worry about it."
Her parents trust me. Do I?
I found your replacement, it's alcohol.
What lurks?
Her shining eyes led him over.
Cant be stopped, I keep pushing
Thoughts
She was young, her baby younger.
Window lickers
I think everything in six words.
Shit! That was not a fart.
"Longest time between kisses?" *awkward silence*
sixwordstories
middle age
Fell in love twice. Married thrice.
Billy's awfully quiet by the pool...
You still had me at "Goodbye".
"Longest time between kisses?" *awkward silence*
I'm a songwriter. Because poetry's gay.
Last man, on Earth, never raptured.
His head rolled; his body burned.
You make me feel brand new.
She doesn't love me any more.
I'm not throwing away my shot.
I hope you're thinking of me.
I'm at an all time low.
Dad walked in, He hurt him.
You're in my veins, you fuck.
"I'm fine," she sobbed "I'M FINE!"
We climbed higher, I fell further.
I've never told anybody that before.
She laughed and he cried.
Met the parents. Dad likes guns.
Became legislator. Outlawed alcohol. Still drank.
I wouldn't have eaten those tacos.
Our murder plan, just became mine.
Mr. Owl only knows three numbers.
And yet the stars still appear.
Can you eat what!? Jesus, no!
With screams there came, our first.
(Story in description because formatting)
Fixed my latest tattoo : ~~her name~~
We can't be friends. I'm sorry.
"One ticket. To anywhere but here."
Bought the cheapest, paid ultimate price.
I love you. Sorry, it's complicated
"I'll do it myself," I huffed.
Dead now... Time to haunt Disneyland!
I wrote something here. So meta.
We turned our tomorrows into yesterdays.
She loved romantic gestures, not him.
I only had six word left.
Couldn't pass the bar. Became alcoholic.
Drinking alone. Third beer run. *crash*
My girlfriend turned into the moon.
You were going to jump, huh?
Who was that man...? JOHN CENA!!!
I wrote her a shit poem.
Smile, please. Before it's too late.
Abducted by an intergalactic pro-bono proctologist!
but I was to die anyways
Child soldiers. More efficient, less mess.
Six more words; Much less depressing
"It's not funny," said the clown.
"...That one kid's knife was real."
That one kid's knife was real.
"God" awakens in a padded cell.
Gods return as the bombs dropped
"God" awoke in a padded cell.
I love you, like a friend
I will be born in thr-...
He never started never stopping mourning.
I wasn't sure, ghost or alien.
Messiah returns the day after Arrival
The apocalypse happened and nobody noticed.
Her smile could melt steel beams.
Love's a year in the past.
Dated a fox; married a mantis
Mario Kart
"Trick or treat," yells Trump. 'Hillary'ous!
"You locked the backdoor too, right?"
I mean yeah, i love Nickelback
Her smile could melt steel beams.
He hated crowds. The smallest is zero.
the scream
She left. He didn't feel better.
He was not wearing a mask.
Horror Story: Task Manager (Not Responding)
Happiness is fleeting. Scars are forever.
Wanted him to stay, until he did.
Forget it. I changed my mind.
Dear Rain, Please stop. Love, Noah.
I swear I'm not officer, drunk.
Three words short
They named the disease after me.
"It's no big deal," I lied.
Oddly, they are both gone now.
They woke to a still crib.
Brb surgery. Sent 703 days ago.
Cole me on the panny sty.
Car hits tree; ninety clowns injured.
His damage took some brain there.
I dont love you, he lied
The subreddit SixWordStories: Closed.
They woke to a still crib.
I quit job. Earned life back.
The ghost has escaped its chains!
I don't know what I am.
I'm her daddy, not her father.
Dressed as mother. sigh. Co-running motel.
Awake-Room-Lover-Kiss-Fall-Awake
Get the gun paahh! It's time!!!
like all the photos, she fades
that night he printed a tesseract
Suddenly she remembered her real name.
The candle flicker revealed her scar.
Trusty Old Aunt Biclighter? You're mad.
No one needs your inpt, Inptnidlisnisus
leafs on rivers, wishes on prayers.
He didn't think they'd shoot children.
Then death took her last breath.
I've lost all hope in myself
Floating sheet, wow! Wait a second...
"You once loved me" it whispered.
Intervention? Baby, I drank two mojitos!
Blissfully unencumbered by rigors of parenthood.
I just came here to say....
Found: Wet guide dog. With shoes.
Don't leave me with him again.
She attacked him with her keyboard.
She stabbed him with her keyboard.
He was gay, except on sunday.
I'm a terrible liar, he lied.
i'm a terrible liar, he lied
My boyfriend doesn't have to know.
He showed kindness, she showed tits.
Took Bob out. He never spoke.
Toby Shakespeare, Toby? Or not Toby?
He slowly pulled back the plunger -
He believed: ellipsis; she knew: dot.
You don't understand... I was Flo!!
Actually, it's boring without sob stories.
Ok... but don't tell your parents.
Earth is an anagram of Heart.
"I'm so sorry honey, I love..."
You don't care. Why should I?
"I'm pregnant." "We're LESBIANS!" "Not me."
And still, she waits for him.
At least Echo is always online.
Tragically, I was out of thyme.
Well, at least the judge laughed....
I awoke, and saw myself sleeping.
"A couple beers, I can drive."
Pam, 60 - Looking For A Friend
Answered phone call from future self
King sized bed all to myself.
Flew to Marseilles. Landed in Massalia.
She likes kissing. Dislikes holocaust jokes.
7 8 9, 10 didn't care
Afraid no one would miss me.
Cat doesn't cure loneliness, embodies it
Five minutes can be a lifetime.
Depression took her; thus taking me.
She like kissing. Hates holocaust jokes.
No free love for unattractive "hippies".
Game over. Life begins again. Oh.
Mars Tour Packages - No return policy
Never seen rape. But felt it.
She's complicated. He's complicated. It's complicated.
Dad, son, daughter. Plus some flowers.
The pretty ones are fucking evil.
She stopped texting. She stopped caring.
I use earmuffs during the screams.
The basement door locked behind her.
Life begins, ends with drunk stupidity.
Wake. Whiskey. Cigarette stumps in ashes.
Today would have been her birthday.
And then, it was dark again.
Born screaming. Died shouting. Decayed quietly.
Shot a rival, buried a friend.
Where do you think we are?
Wife passed mucus plug, husband fumbled.
Another teddy bear in the dumpster
Always a bride; never a bridesmaid.
Carry on people! It's just carrion.
She was lost, but never faltered.
Bipolar tragedy, from up to down.
Flower on coffin withered; inside too.
After that...there were no unemployed.
Give less, thankless, helpless, hopeless? "Yes."
Then Medecins Sans Frontieres became terrorists.
French fries, served the Parisian cannibal.
Her suicide note. His hit list.
too late
Dream Job. It just wasn't mine.
SEND HELP NOW RUNNING OUT OF
Can't cope. No hope. One rope.
Send help. I'm running out of
Birth of child. Rebirth of happiness.
11th commandment: Thou shalt always flush.
Going through hell...Admiring the view!
Death's lips tasted like cigarette ash.
The best day hasn't happen yet.
My reflection looks different every time.
Father outlives two of three children.
Green? A myth, child - extinct color.
Quick, go upstairs. Dad is coming.
Never received flowers until her funeral.
Tears speak volumes if you listen.
Don't just hit rock bottom. Bounce!
Hero's trial set to begin today
I wasted my time, wasting away
I can sleep, paid all debts.
You were great! Well...partially semi-great.
I pooped where no one has.
Thought up story. Word short
Market crashes; toilet paper sales down
Mediocrity: I've come to accept it.
No one fixed the radiation alarm...
In nightmares, you still love me
Laugh, it hurts less than crying
Childhood: heated discussion and broken plates.
Ketchup? Oh, no that's just blood.
There's no catastrophe quite like us
Ketchup never goes on squishy foods
The bricks crumbled one by one.
We were young; I was stupid
My stories are consistently down voted.
Capitalization: our SEVERELY underused emphasizing tool.
"Maybe tomorrow," said Norman, each day.
I've got more booze than pride.
"I'd vote for Trump." &lt;end date.&gt;
He shot himself, had to reload.
I can believe it's not butter
He's not your typical satirist's satirist.
Just give me one more chance.
Hey Al, let's bring mom back.
Within my nightmares, without your love
He's a waiter. Parents...still alive.
I still run from old memories.
Surf. Doobie. Chow. Party. Helmet. Sleep.
Texted you, we could have talked.
"Welcome to the middle'a nowhen, traveler."
They told me death was painless.
Even in death, there is beauty.
Study on urination fails pee-er review
A zombie did me...zombie style.
Time seer sees future. Earth dies.
Lived too sad. Died too happy.
She raised six children without help.
Tooth pain is worse than childbirth
The car was mangled. We lived!
That's when Bob noticed their connectors.
Dying, his final words uttered were-
I took the pizza out. Burned..
I found her. She's still looking.
Love is a many splendored thing.
Darth, you are NOT the father!
I'm not gay. Or am I?
No, that's not how life works
Rudolph, the 'caught red-handed' reindeer.
But she is still your mother.
Your Story
Stop waiting - the heroes already died.
Wireframe sky, birdsong: static. File corrupted.
Fine clothes; liquor store; drink alone.
Once, thumb least useful; now Trump.
He shot one, but buried two.
Jesus' last were one word extra.
"No survivors. What now?" "Keep looking."
Home is where the memories are.
Forgot her contraception. Welcome little one
Bob decided not to care anymore.
Couldn't love you like you deserved
Ewwww... you're trying to be "moldable"?
I miss her...please come back..
It's a shame I loved her.
"Look, how sad." Window was open?!?
I'm the Desert, she's the rain
I will finish what you started.
Man gives life to save child
STD HIV+ R.I.P. N.W.A. OG E-Z-E
A passing remark. A permanent memory.
AI destroyed humans to protect earth
five...four...three...two...one...liftoff.
Carnal appetites, forbidden places undeniably whet.
Last words? Yes, just these six.
I cautiously start a new chapter.
Two Bars walk into each other.
You Are What I Say You Are
"I swear it's over," she lied.
She's dating a comedian. No joke.
Bored Of Earth? Come To Space
She made it out. We're fucked.
I don't feel like a robot.
She writes like her mother speaks
Torched my journals while blacked out
Three little words. Please don't die.
Six word stories are super difficult.
I'm so used to being used.
"Jesus, why've you forsaken me?" -Magdalene.
I know that she reads this.
Local amnesiac suddenly remembers identity, family
Like everything, this too will pass.
Memories held captive by the past
Abusing drugs numbed childhood memories. RIP.
The boat sank, but everyone lived.
You're unique, just like everyone else.
I escaped from your chains. Briefly.
Quick to grasp, quick to forget.
The sun did not rise today.
Bet you're hard to get over.
I'll never forget what you did
Oxygen masks deploy, slightly too late.
She smoked her last cigarette again.
Tuck my gun into your waist
One word did him justice. "Guilty."
You're always there for me, Depression!
"Forever" well that's what you said
long ago, we ran together
paint
Lately, I've started seeing her xxxxx.
all the boys i've loved are gone
Six words can't bring her back
Dentist who lionized lion's eyes trivialized.
Burrito or baby, can't hold both.
That's where you could have been.
Love, meet loneliness. Bullet, meet brain.
Accidentally closed all my browser tabs.
Another failed attempt at a family.
Report: Rick Pitino pole numbers up
Six words can't do her justice.
Married her. Still wishing for you.
Yetis are real. Humans are endangered.
The onions are so very sad.
Drunken words spoke the loudest truth.
Drunken words speak the loudest truth
Dropped the soap. I'll get it!
Brevity can pack a powerful punch.
Gun clicked, eyes widened, still alive
Diseases don't care that they're loved.
If only that "someone" is you
In the endgame...the game ends.
Son, real cowboys don't use straws.
Bob reluctantly swallows "his" white cookie.
It was love at first tweet...
Life breaks dollars; count on change.
Their last hug... unbeknownst to her.
Time travel's key is Time travel
Wake up kisses! ... Unfortunately, crazy ex.
My number was under "free food".
N.W.A. OG THC OD RIP E-Z-E
I wish I was someone else
in the end, we weren't there.
Addicted to recovery. Bound to relapse.
I burn bridges to keep warm
She doesn't hate me enough..Yet.
Her cheek, turned to his kiss.
She named the poison after me.
Danger: This Sign has Sharp Corners.
Returned. Adorned in metal, not medals.
How'd you "roll up" the windows?
Jesus's Father, is Mary's rapist. Amen.
The evil roam where heros fail.
I love you's -- $5 a pop.
living in a fictional world
&lt;br /&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;s&gt; &lt;/s&gt;&lt;s&gt;This is Convert test&lt;/s&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
~~checking~~ format
First pet. Happiness. Outgrows apartment. Sadness.
She finished ~~234^th in~~ the Marathon.
She finished ~~234th in~~ the marathon.
Chicken Parm, you taste so good.
Germany and Syria are now allies.
I might just lie to everyone.
Dead inside, somehow theres a smile
One bed. Three people. One knows.
Is it mine? I don't know.
To their dismay, the distance won.
Mind feels right, heart feels wrong.
Bad at this, can try again?
Six words? My story requires seven.
ISIS graciously accepted President Sanders' surrender.
Man rose him up. Jesus wept.
One less face to not recognise
We voted to remain a dictatorship.
Dictated by god, edited by man.
Condom package. Opened, but never used.
empty empathy, heavy heart, roles reversed.
Empty soul, full heart, roles reversed
Sputters and dies... Not the car.
Held underwater. Rocks in my pocket.
Her birth saved our dying species.
"The needle hurts less today, mommy."
"I was cooler in 2007." -- Everyone
Female dolphins have two vaginas?
"NSA to stop spying," Trump declares.
"Interlock your fingers behind your..." Bang!
"Remember, always leave a legacy." - Unknown
My daughter's funeral sure was lucrative!
I wish I hadn't introduced them
"Sorry. I don't understand 'SIRI, call help'"
The following silence was even worse.
She said "Netflix", he said "chill".
Remembered Reddit cakeday, forgot my wife's
"Once again," she said, once again.
NASA experiment triggers lunar volcanic eruption
Your vagina doesn't get wet anymore.
I can't focus, I-- OOH SHINY!
It all started with a van.
Glance. Smile. Hello. Whisper. Blush. Yes.
It's getting serious. She noticed me.
The poison came from the family
I wrote a six word story.
"I do." Her second-biggest lie.
I had my sweet tooth extracted.
Breaking News: Google Data Erased Completely.
Skid marks on road... and underwear.
Obsolete flying triangles destroyed. Two birds...
Facing failures, he started believing karma.
The REAL Heaven, without my husband.
Ten minutes up, five seconds down
"They can be suspicious of perfection."
Hallow fortune cookies foretold their demise.
Her last words were her loudest.
I wanna be inside you! - Surgeon
One more bite didn't actually hurt.
tell me, can I use contractions?
The bloodiest battles are fought within
"Where's your shirt?" "No toilet paper."
Yesterday, drinking party. Today, sore ass.
Ho, you think? Just watch me.
I started writing her eulogy today.
Time Machine for Sale: Call Yesterday.
Had to have the last word.
Hopeless romantics shouldn't read fortune cookies.
I felt the solar system weep.
Hello? Yes, this is Dr. Dog.
The Voyager hit a wall today.
Grandma's birthday present remained forever unopened.
Pregnancy test. Pregnancy text. Pregnancy mess.
Wedding band lost. Broken heart found.
Flowers remained untouched. Memories, long forgotten.
I watched my widow bury me.
He got sadder. Jokes got funnier.
So close and yet so far.
Sank into Netflix. Emerged to break-up.
Nobody around. Dancing to love songs.
Sinking into two hours of Netflix.
Nobody around. Dancing to love songs.
He downvoted his own story, habitually.
A baby, a marriage, a divorce.
You're a chapter, I'm a book.
"Muggles exist!" wizard gasps, painting rapidly.
Wife can't conceive. Husband becomes dad.
Six Word Stories Are Really Short
"Take them, I don't care anymore."
My first relationship, but her last.
I wish I had died better
She slept in her stained dress.
"Us forever" were her final words
Sorry about piggybank. IOU $6.48. -Mommy
"So it's a mystery hole." -Luffy
"I'll kill myself!" he mistakenly lied
BREAKING NEWS: The Scientologists were right.
Come back, but you went forward.
Police traced chopped hand, before burial.
Starting something will limit my freedom.
Come on, it's always a digeridon't.
Twitter changed prose #genADHD #youstilltalking?
"FUUUUCCCCCKK YOOOUU!!!! -fuck-," he screamed mirrorwards.
It would have been a girl.
Never thought it'd be this tough..
Sometimes I don't recognize my reflection.
I see love in her eyes
Let the wound heal, stop touching.
I'm terrible at these things. Pineapple.
He asked for (and received) upvotes.
I'm far too acquainted with me
Their greatest blessing. My worst annoyance.
The jury condemned themselves to death
"No change... I'll give you food."
A mother is raising incestuous pedophiles.
Forecasting
Flora is extinct; Fauna to follow.
He was silenced by his friends.
Eventually they just started upvoting puns.
Can't listen to our song anymore.
**Testing Format**
"Oh. I guess he was alive."
Imagine Hellen Keller eating pop rocks
N0nsns 1s W#a+ f1!!s m m1n&amp;.
Between the I do's awkward silence.
"Shit's lit." -Firefighter at manure field
Our pet became a luxury expense.
The Grim Reaper's watch is fast.
Sold my soul. Got change back.
My first try of a six word story
Translation: "I'll adore you when convenient."
"Any last words? Yes Thank you."
"Peace: only in death," he thought
Her spiritual mind needed morphine, eventually.
Life sucks, and then you die.
We held our breath. They waited.
The marriage ended. Our relationship didn't.
I'm at peace. She's in pieces.
The Creation and our Perish
Famous Last Words: "I trust you!"
Religious. Agnostic. Atheist. Nihilist. Existentialist. Serenity.
His handkerchief. His cologne. Her mascara.
Accidents happen at the safest places.
Watching the leaves fall every day.
Only way is up so start
"I didn't mind your mundane life."
"I don't mind your mundane life."
White cookie noncompliance resulted in Afterbabies.
Blind date brought her guide dog.
Say something that's completely meaningless - Transgender.
The time healed her inner scars.
Categorized as Afterbabies - unlicensed carbon "footprints".
I'm at peace with the present
Soul and body speak different languages.
Over thinking is never gonna b'good
Actions speak louder than words... ACT!
Soul and body speak different languages
Kentucky wedding: all smiles; no teeth.
Lived by the rules. Died cheating.
The world's craziest apple went bananas.
Six word stories
$ 50,000! Saint Peter whispered menacingly.
I will be happy in heaven.
Infidelity: Accusation, confirmation, humiliation, castration, defenestration.
"Schools, libraries, shelters... The useless luxuries."
That was supposed to kill me.
Life emerged. It evolved, then perished.
"Beautiful mushroom," he thought, before burning.
They all shared a death date
"Agnes, no!" Shot fired. "Cheating bastard."
"And SEVENTH- it's 'WARS,' not 'TREK.'"
Bird in hand poops on wrist
In my pyjamas. Out of beer.
The ship sank in the beginning.
He found the baby's crib upstairs.
"Americans aren't free" said the American.
Your "I love you's" mean nothing
Please can you heal my wounds
When nature sings, let us dance
"Houston? We found fossils... on Mars..."
Think less. Feel more. Die smiling.
Still your mind; experience the bliss.
Awoke, groggy, from the American dream.
You can't spell inhumanity without human.
Lonely boot. Yellow tape. Motorcycle shrapnel.
Fuck me like your brother does.
Open the window. Feel the storm.
Wanted assisted suicide. But no friends.
Her pie was what killed him.
Add Contact &gt; Speed Dial &gt; Block Number
I am not the monster here!
"Nobody laughed! People are getting dumber."
Took all the pills, no regret.
Nothing's going to happen, I lied.
There's been many talented female magicians, who'll only be remembered as magician's assistants.
It's "phone booth," and thanks anyway
I still listen for his song
I'm so sorry I tried again.
I was gonna be a dad...
I have lost my smile.
Measured once, cut twice - uncomfortable coffin.
Brown pants; formerly white. Trust issues.
Awoke crying... and with an erection.
9gag be like, 'copy paste reddit'
Size six was loose on her.
According to scribes, halal isn't kosher.
Keep talking.. but eventually, actions decide.
"Normal life" became an unobtainable goal.
Keep talking but eventually, actions decide.
"We're still fighting in Afghanistan? Seriously?"
My love's married. Thankfully immortality's forever.
"Will you marry me?" "No." "Please?"
I THOUGHT DAUGHTER WAS White oh
The Universe was finally gone. Success!
Is that really you future me?
Murderer left evidence. His own body.
She told me she was fine.
You can't ignore problems you create.
Let the fossil auto industry die.
Wanna peace, Putin? Piece of Ukraine?
Wanna piece, Indira? Gandhi: Peace? Yes!
Instructions: Pull Pin, Wait, Throw, Pray.
They called him "Prettyboy". He wasn't.
We couldn't ever tell her why.
"I'm not crazy". I told myself.
I did a zombie last night.
Every single history is about lies.
"All wars...everyone's ordered to inhale."
"............................ she died instantly," the officer lied.
Wedding band lost. Broken heart found.
I took interest. You took liberties.
Zombies at the door. I'm fucked.
Studied medicine. Died of drug overdose.
Survived terminal illness. Now I'm broke.
Internet wins! Daraprim now $900/pill.
You didn't wake me up today.
"I'm not that hungry", she lied.
I was always meant to rule.
Best-case scenario: All of us die
It sucks being the noble one.
EVERYBODY RUN!! MY COMPUTER STARTED THINKING!
Without you, I cease to be.
Composer's grandfather's guitar sold. Landlord satisfied.
Internet wins! Daraprim now $900/pill.
For sale: Targeting computer, barely used
School teaches you to hate learning.
The worst candidate was elected president.
Repeat after me. " I am free"
For once, the story ends happily.
Car outta gas, phone battery dead
Second chances. Full songbook. Expired medications.
Sniffed the rain's smell.... got high.
"Mail man, en route, delivers twins."
Sniffing the rain's smell.............. I'm high.
Six Word Stories (Revised.)
"..or don't. Nothing matters either way"
Stood up. Paraplegics weren't his type.
Went off to the future yesterday.
"I know you know I know."
One twin dealt. The other died.
You're my dream that came true
Garage closed, mom started the car.
I've never been anyone's best friend.
"Don't touch me. I've been infected."
The nurse's alibi: airtight. And suffocating.
I'm you from the future, idiot!
You're perfect. That's why I'm bored.
Full bank account; empty picture frames.
Behold, the future is here! [NSFW]
Her last breath tasted so sweet
A healthy baby boy was born.
"I didn't rape anyone!" R.I.P., DNA
Applied for paternity leave. Was fired.
Saw them together again. Left alone.
Well, we ended on good terms.
Baby shoes. Twice sold. Never worn.
TIL "Borders" in French means "Futures"
Her non-existant legs' pain was real.
"Unbridled curiosity shall doom your bride."
Meh, on to the next one.
Re: Re: Re: Re: (Were done!)
She was like magic, except real.
They both cried. Their newborn didn't.
He was beautiful, on the surface.
He restored my trust in life.
Driving hearse. Windows down, system blaring.
Actor portraying Hitler kills time traveler.
This sub is invested with tweeners.
Curiously, they shipped her through FedEx.
Nanowrimo accepted. Mother died. Assured victory.
Fuck this guy, let's kill him!
Her broken clock. His broken line.
School bullies, took her life away
"Motherfucker!" "It was one time son."
Then...everyone got one baby back.
Text. Voice. Video. Flight. Touch. Remorse.
It is Implementation that Always Matter.
Click. Whir. "Genetic match found. Congratulations!"
Our major problem is minors' issues.
Alien Communique: "Somnambulistic Obfuscation detected globally!"
She, him, both, neither? Don't know.
Children looks up, adult looks down.
Hello!! legs, tits, ass and lips!
Found the right girl. She left.
Love is free. And also priceless.
You never know what to expect
In museums, she only photographed floors.
We found their blood wasn't blue.
Mom forgot she loved me; again.
If only you hadn't left us.
She left without saying good bye
Husband tried to commit suicide, failed.
Tell me you love me, please.
One dead body. But two holes.
I'm tired of seeing the ghost
"Please, cease fire. Youve already won."
You're no longer my password. Goodbye!
It's not loaded. Fuck, she's home.
Lust. Love. Children. Drink. Repent. Repeat.
Anatomy Lab. First Station. Small Brain.
Dad's gone. Googled "how to shave."
I need friends to have friends.
After...well...I never really finished...
Bob's wife once "trusted" the Commander.
Sometimes your goal is journey itself.
Life goes on, so are perspectives.
My baby will never grow up
"Want a cigarette?" asked my rapist.
"Ebola, what's that?. Take two aspirins".
I miss my husband being dead.
After shooting me he asked, "Cigarette?"
For Sale: "Baby shoes, never worn."
Once a heroine. Now just heroin.
Just do it, you're still dreaming!
"Non smoking section," he requested victoriously.
Note under door: "We're no more."
Weeping statues shed blood, not tears?.
"Leave me alone," the monster said.
I try to ignore the screams.
Cousin, family means nothing to me.
The ground rapidly approaches. Thank God.
Now let's write his suicide note!
The solution to life's problems: Alcohol.
The solution to all probelms: Drinking
Daddy said it was our secret.
"Safety" they offered for our freedoms.
I'm afraid to like someone else.
She's the only one who answers.
He finally did what no one would!
This subreddit has seen better days.
10/10! But ShE Txt l1k diS.
I don't remember what happened tomorrow.
Father's calloused hands grew colder everyday.
Not feeling gets easier over time.
Arrive home. Two pairs of shoes.
I'm going to fuck you now.
Why am I here right now?
Today, "you" and "I" became "we".
Don't teach, learn. It's much tougher.
My mouth loves, my butthole hates.
Beer tastes the same at 6am.
You find me funny...marry me?
She misspelled "obsessive" 15 different ways.
"I understand", I lied, "makes sense."
Wedding cufflinks engraved. With our anniversary.
Our anniversary date..engraved in wedding cufflinks.
He told me it would be ok.
I just really want to sleep.
Two paths met and made one.
Saying good bye is never easy.
His very last words? "Thanks Obama."
One shot, two bodies, husband cuffed.
His eyes like arrows pierced me
I love you as well, Death.
He loves Dad, but dislikes him.
I swear I'll stop procrastinating tomorrow.
You play flute? No blowjob. Handjob.
He calculated: Behold + weep = sum(you)
All the fire extinguishers were expired.
Got butterflies before visiting your gravestone.
I don't want to go back.
You were homeless. I changed that.
Congratulations, it's time to repopulate earth.
"Don't do it!" But she did.
Shouldn't we incarcerate supervillains separately, Batman?
Before alcohol, you were my fix.
"Don't do drugs." "Why?" "Too addictive."
Your sweater gives me sleepless nights.
Inglish was wrote good, way back
Okay Death, just one more link.
"State of residence?" "Constant fear."
Aren't you tired of it yet?
Angry sea. Moonless night. Hold on.
The pearly gates burn my hands.
Ultimate Houdini Act. Escape from Mars.
I hated myself for loving her.
Chapter 1042: Accidental Panspermia and You.
It's been twelve years... He's dead.
I fell too quickly. Too hard.
Some physical company would be nice.
"Dad, the flag's full mast. Why?"
Under the knife; above the Earth.
Just enough to keep him awake.
His scars betray his gentle eyes.
Have you told your wife yet?
I am not a pussy. *Sniffle.*
Un petite mort pour les nains.
"You'll be okay," said future me.
Your betriel has cut too...deep.
His spirit fingers intensified alarmingly so.
Absolutely everything nothing is absolutely something.
Friended a Shadow...to become one.
The upper crust...was actually mold.
The sun has been turned off.
Those first seconds after waking up...
Same clothes everyday, become a cartoon.
The Ambulance slows, lights stop flashing.
There's not much time left today!
The sun keeps getting bigger everyday...
Vet brought my Pet back, dead.
"Let's regret tomorrow morning together, ok?"
My first time. Far from hers.
Fuck him, he set the curve.
Witnessed boy drowning. Oops, meant "drown".
Alien invasion? Lets get to work.
At least she left the dog.
I got her number. Now what?
I healed a baby's broken knee?
Alert: Rail crossing closed for cleanup.
Found suicide note and empty bottles.
Yearning to be different while fitting in.
Heal your scars. I can wait.
"Weekend!" "Come in tomorrow, please." "Shit."
"Are you leaving me too, son?"
Don't plant seeds on unkempt land.
"Just a mother", said childless man.
"One last drink," I said, again.
It hurts, knowing he dislikes me.
A Sailor That Can't Swim
Backpacker gets lost, eaten by crows
"That's normal." The Captain said, lying.
Drift along with time... ineradicable Markes .
Confession, isolation, desperation, depression, inspiration, insanity.
A blue shadow chases the toddler.
It was never a meteor shower.
"Best part is breast" said Butcher.
Artists created to inspire the builders.
Being in a crowd is lonely.
Discarded sign: "Homeless. Hungry. Please help."
I wish she knew, I'm sorry.
The truth? I should not exist
Yes your honour, I enjoyed it.
My pregnant wife died. No seatbelt.
Running. Disheveled tuxedo. My love awaits.
Apple wood smoked bacon burnt crisp.
Winter came. Visited grandfather. Read aloud.
"But Mom... my arms are broken..."
His expertise became obsolete that day.
The first who talks is dead.
The bear responded by eating her.
You'll never hear my proposal. RIP.
Wrote your eulogy. With my blood.
Six word stories have conquered reddit
The nature of life is loss.
'Not now' he said. Too late.
Biography of an ordinary man: "Bubble".
The day saved, sweet merciful CTRL+Z
They fought for truth. It lost.
I shouted "Hello". Echo said "Run".
"Table for two." (-Billion bits! Heh...)
If I'm dead, who are you?
Name. Game. Shame. Reshame. Rename. RMPLSTLTSKN-POPE
Thought we'd be happy a little longer.
"This statement is false," said Pinocchio.
Blood-tinged water filled the boat.
"This reminds me of a puzzle!"
No sweetheart, he's your biological father.
I'm just that good at it.
Where Did You Sleep Last Night
I forgot to kiss her goodbye
Your walls; the paint--it's sour.
Oceans of people, Alone I break.
This subreddit downvotes for stupid reasons.
He was shot, dead as hell
Mydick is too short of a password
With him gone, I am nothing
"Plumbing's fucked." "Just keep bagging, dude."
Six words is all it takes.
But...she got dat ass tho.
"Earth is not showing up, Captain."
Dicks in butt, fingers in butt.
Financial "adviser" guaranteed clients' love maximization.
It was ear shattering silence; death.
I just wanted to love you
Today's criminals abide by every law.
Lottery winner buys yacht during drought.
Fewer tears at his second funeral.
Wedding band lost. Broken heart found.
I love you... whatever that means.
I'm heterosexual, but I'm not straight.
I was imprisoned by a policeman.
um uh well you know ermmmmmm
My dog was sedated. I wasn't.
Who is it you're looking for?
I ran, then I ran, why?
Found daughter's rapist. In the mirror.
Yesterday: Pink ribbon. Today: Purple ribbon.
This time, I'll be there. Promise.
Sixteen years old. Mother of three.
It was mostly exhaustion - not love.
Not everyone returns from the dark.
Wrote a paragraph. "Meh, nevermind." DELETE.
The greatest crime of all, dishonesty.
"Dad...I'm gay." "That's okay, son."
Hobbies? Yes, I collect dead bodies.
See pink world through red eyes.
I'm falling faster than the leaves.
Ain't no sunshine when she's home.
"Security drone exploit claims another victim."
"Honey, I'm pregnant!" "No, we're pregnant!"
Old sign read: assholes only, tomorrow!
She previewed every cut with dermatographia.
Allergic to cure, then I deaded
The echo had a different voice.
I almost broke my own heart.
The martian spoke, "AK AK AK!"
I drew, but she shot first.
I hate that I love you.
/r/sixwordstories is a sucker for love.
opened my heart, drained my soul
My pillow loves to soothe screams.
By 2028, we only eat brains.
My baby died. Shoes for sale.
12 years old. 20th nervous breakdown.
Audible pop, heart drop. Explosion imminent.
The light never guided me home.
"Ok Mom...I'm driv---". She texted.
He loved, she scorned... he's dead.
"Fancy a shag, Yoko?" Paul smirked.
Someday, I'll murder my other head.
"Gentlemen," Tesla said. "Behold President FrankenMcKinley!"
For Sale: Skinny Jeans. Never fit.
Couldn't talk to her again today.
A dead flower's still a flower.
Changing your mind changes your world.
"Put me back!" Screamed the tumor.
The sex was better while illegal.
Sid, the last Pistol, mournfully wept.
For sale: Virgin Mary/YHWH porn.
He snapped a crosstime Crucifixon selfie.
One body. No spade. Sirens nearby.
I said hey, she walked away
Only I live, phone's still ringing
"Glckwnsche, Mrs. Hitler; it's a girl!"
He will never agree to coitus
Dad on ventilator. Teary-eyes said goodbye.
Why couldn't it have been me?
Why is she suddenly so cute?
WANTED: a poster with more detail.
Money doesn't bring happiness. Only greed.
Don't disguise dissing Guys guise, guys!
Last man on Earth: phone rings.
Yeah? Well, not according to Maury!
An accident; A mistake; A legend
"Grandma's will? Got her neighbourhood squabbles."
Poised, ready, determined. He opened fire.
Falling headlong into disaster, he smiled.
I loved you, you used me
Again, hunger overwhelmed guilt. He ate.
"It felt as if everything disappeared."
Include sound effect: [bicycle approaches menacingly]
An autobiography: Wait, wait wait FUCK!
Don't you dare call this love
Everyday i say, "I will tomorrow."
Dug too greedily, and too deep.
"You're as tight as your mother"
Man with blade. Man in chair.
She kills you on the seventh--
I'm not what my Mom wanted.
Best advice: read every banned book
Daddy, why won't Mommy wake up?
Her fruit withered on my vine.
We were so close. Should've kissed.
Their final hug... unbeknownst to her.
Delete my memories, no gigabyte left.
Holding a knife, thinking of her
Child named after his father. "Rapist".
Don't build on other people's buildings.
The darkest hours shine the brightest.
He died on another bleeding puddle.
Daughter confessed. Teacher went on vacation.
Homophobic father sent to prison. Unlucky!
Don't eat and you become food.
You were the last nonbeliever? Rapture!
"I never wanted to die alone.."
I stopped loving me years ago
Everyone goes to heaven -- Dopest Pope
Born: poor; alone. Died: poor; together.
There are more bullets than food.
Grandma's Christmas present remained forever unopened.
"I will be back" ~ the Joker
She gambolled past her wedding venue
Oppulent cities rose as capitalism gambolled.
The last house was boarded up.
You're named after a painful memory.
Homeless man. Homeless dog. Illegal companions.
Homeless man. Homeless dog. Illegal friends.
After that...only the poor died.
Was a cowboy, now, a husband
She said, "I don't." Thank God.
By George, where be Snow's boots?
Menopause doesn't mean loverpause. I'm game!
One flew over the cuckoo's nest
Bruised my breasts, while out raving
Six word stories don't write themselves.
Of course he is your son.
I dare you: post positive stories
Positive karma with a grammatical error?
You use to be my reason.
"I love you". " I don't anymore".
Self-medication, self-mutilation, self-discovery.
Hide and seek, won my shadows.
All secrets will fester into lies.
She was unreal. Except... she was.
"I love you", said the executioner.
The egg didn't get the yolk.
That eighth clown was too many
Best decision of my life: you.
"Charlie Manson tops this week's chart."
I hugged her. One last time.
"Charlie Manson tops this week's chart!"
Every time I fart it's dangerous.
It twisted my dreams into nightmares
"Charlie Manson top this week's chart!"
The tyranny of the later sleeper.
Suddenly, I'm aware how time flies
sometimes life doesn't give you lemons...
"Come!", said the suicidal skydiving instructor.
Like a wound, festering in lies
Diagnosed during Christmas. Died on Easter.
Diagnosed during Christmas. Died on Easter.
No oven gloves. Tea towels. Burn.
Free doesn't mean it's worth it.
I sense danger....in my pants.
He saw and blessed us all.
Socrates drank like a fish. Never.
They each died alongside the world.
Burn them before they eat us!
Cat in tree. Prefers it there.
Holy crap. I'm horrified. Post more.
I think I want sharper teeth.
you are my favorite "what if?"
I love my granddogs.
Try not to think so hard.
"You will live out your stories!"
I was going to Marry her.
"I'm an asshole.. And I'm sorry"
Too late. Rode off into sunrise.
Which berries was I not suppo---
Applied for maternity leave. Cancelled it.
Blackmail. Cop discovers teen's nude selfies.
You're my obsession, equally 'Candy Crush'
DIY AA. OMG! VIPs RSVP. BYOB.
Wedding cake for 50: sliced; uneaten.
"Who are you?" said the ghost
Hitler's ghost helplessly watches his irrelevance.
She hugged Mom. Mom was cold.
Cop. Teen. Nude selfies. "... or blowjob?"
"Returning the ring again, are we?"
"Whiskey?" "No, vodka. I'm drinking healthy."
This sub, so lame, gonna unsubscribe
Babe, the test came back positive.
"Leave me alone. Please, go. Now."
"Nothing youve ever said has mattered."
"I'm your biological father," she began.
"Rise for new national anthem: 'Fancy'"
My urine came out in chunks...
And planet Earth rose above us.
The elderly hacker chuckles: "[root@pacemaker]"
Are there sexy children in hell?
Arrested for manslaughter. But not imprisoned.
We will live the dream together.
Child I loved. Grownup, not so.
He loved me. He loves her.
Dad of two. Father of none.
I'm trying to think of one.
I've forgotten the way you smile.
Modern Life: Work, Sleep, Eat, Repeat.
thisiscaleb13, what are the six words?
I'm pretty amazing at being humble.
I finally confessed... she already knew.
Deathbed wish: "Delete my browser history."
Me being nasty, Bird flew away.
Died fighting. Depression grants no Valhalla.
She aborted with out telling me.
Saving the planet is unprofitable business.
Suggestion of non-profit government gets ridiculed.
I wonder what this button does.
Go gentle, into that good night.
Mirror, mirror...oh, fuck, it broke.
Wait, that's only five words. There.
Deathbed wish: "Delete my browser history"
My last words are on Reddit.
Wild. Feminine. Charming. Unstable. Beautiful. Blind.
Five..four..three..oh God..noooo!!!!
Last words: "Delete my browser history."
I couldn't remember how to breathe.
She cheated. He cheated. Thrown rings.
I've got six words for you.
Satan themed party. Location: Gran's house.
Three tours, three bottles, one bullet.
She said no. He didn't listen.
Last bullet didn't bounce off him
You are what I call home.
Your suicide note...Made me chuckle.
A forced relationship is emotional rape.
Visited my grandma's house. Left hungry.
Sometimes even poetry has no meaning.
We are not who we are.
Goodbye, false hope for free pizza.
I wrote a six word story
"DON'T UNPLUG ME" I screamed, unheard.
"DON'T PULL PLUG" I silently screamed
What are you doing with that?
I've chosen to die on Mars.
I'd rather die on Mars than Earth.
The word 'malignant' never mattered before.
We ended like we began... happy.
An empty crib and a lonely bed.
"We both said things you'll regret."
It's not a tan. It's jaundice.
"I am a real person." "Unfortunately."
Ringing, but only the trees hear
She awoke from surgery. Still depressed.
Disappointingly thought, "There's no place like home."
I can't remember how to breathe.
I never loved my mother anyways.
Nobody believed even ogers had feelings.
lived the dream until reality arrived
Hasn't lived a life; already dead.
"I am pregnant," announced the President.
Intoxicated father leaves voicemail. Crash heard.
Intoxicated father leaves voice mail. Crash heard.
Disassembling his sidearm thwarted his suicide.
She was great, but they weren't.
Took one life. To save another.
Best lies always remain untold.
A bullet fired her into freedom.
You queried my profession. I lied.
Emptied my college fund for heroin.
Honey, when did we have corn?
I held your hand. While comatose.
Secrets best shared by moonlight lips.
Uncovered truth, now living a lie
collecting memories all life, got amnesia.
Love the sin, hate the sinner.
IF chrysalis THEN sidhe ELSE chiru
I believe in nothing, everything's sacred...
The phone rang, it was unplugged.
Thanks for freeing me. Bye now.
Threw up. Didn't go down right.
One night stand. Nine month wait.
Growing restless, I lit a cigarette.
Tearing his portrait, keeping the frame.
Homeless man, murdered to get shelter
Tonight, we feast. Tomorrow, we die.
I played Russian Roulette. I lost.
Chlamydia infested flying stoner bears. Terrific.
I am my mother's only one.
Home for spiders. Hell for flies.
It hurt them, but they stayed.
This fuckin itch won't go away
I loved my son. Now daughter.
I can't find anything to wear.
"What's that smell, sir?" "My boot..."
You are my everything and more.
He loves her, she loved him.
I got one question, what're those!!
Never to bloom, this beautiful flower.
"Yes, your wrong!" "No, you're wrong."
Bicycle returned. Forgotten how to ride.
Time to watch our flag ascend
Friends all having fun, without me.
Time does not heal. Time amputates.
Should be happy, but I'm not.
He finally heard "I love you."
So forgettable, he starved to death.
How many coffins have we made?
I never learned to count in school.
Rich people hide, poor people disappear
Hacksaw, rope, and time. Let's play!
Hallelujah, He is risen... for blood!
Stained fingers cleaned a nation.
one person believes it is truth.
The "Dislike" made me do it
The Man in Chains Walks Away
I don't remember getting this scar.
Take back the knowledge and power
"Did I matter?" He asked God.
Antique cell phone. Fixed size display.
"On my ass for rent..." Literally.
Friendships nowadays: Happy birthday on facebook
So much for the solar system.
I'm a prostitute, not your therapist!
I'm so tired. Sleeping wouldn't help.
She smiled, knowing he had died.
Waste time, time will waste you.
Two with feet, one with wings
One in my arms, one with wings
You're a tweeker, we're not friends...
We were the farthest from closeness.
He told that he wouldn't anymore.
They became assholes when behind glass
I need to tell you something.
Miss the moon, suffocate in space.
Smoking green stuff cured my alcoholism
Read Disclaimer: 'Actual color may vary'
Born on boat, never seen ocean
Told another person about you today.
Yes! Wait. Stop? Not now. No!
These six words are a prayer.
Paranoid complainant was right all along.
Selling hearse. Plenty of boot place.
For hire: pirates with iocane immunity.
Her smile melted. A burnt flower.
Brought clock to school. Got arrested.
Do hyphenated words count for this?
The greatest present is...Your presence.
Come on Hobbes, let's go exploring!
"Together," they'de whispered. Only one jumped.
View from the peak: his last.
His smile enlightened her darkest thoughts.
Judge, it just makes me happy
Big flash. Eternal silence. Eternal peace.
Baby shoes sales ended: 200 sold.
Huh. It actually wasn't a clock.
And six attoseconds later, Earth vanished.
My future changed within 5 seconds.
She was living in my shoes.
She was my life for 5 years.D
Mom's inheritance - not mom - funded university.
In the end, I made peace.
"Is he looking?" "No, he isn't..."
For Trade: Inheritance For Time Machine
Pregnant at twenty-five. Mother at thirty.
This shit really doesn't pay enough.
Old news: criminal-cop turned coward!
Teacher, do you like my clock?
WTF?!?!? Oh... Whew. It's just /r/notinteresting.
Second clarification: Needed black for funeral.
Your death brought life to many.
It's completely empty, except the screams.
I am now officially an orphan.
This subreddit reminds me of her
"Together," he whispered, and we jumped.
I wasn't expecting the Spanish Inquisition!
I woke up in my coffin.
Today on Urban Explorers! NYSE building!
"Worst thing you've ever done?" "You."
Rejected submission: Not long enough.
"I don't want..." - he didn't listen.
Love? It seems I've forgotten how.
Who will decide where I live?
Grandma bequeaths me, her neighbourhood squabbles.
Twenty years later. Still miss her.
Robot made love. Both faked orgasm.
"So, us?" "It might have been..."
Silly boy, you're just my toy.
Clarification: Baby shoes were wrong color.
"We have hope for the humans."
"You lost weight?" - "No, something precious..."
For sale, Air Jordans, worn once
"Did you lose weight?" "No, something precious..."
Congratulations sir,you have a son.
Once we got 'likes' on cheeks?.
Martian colonialist to Earth: FUCK! OFF!
I dream more when I'm awake.
Visited your grave. See you soon.
"Obama still hasn't invaded Texas." "Roger."
Amber Alert cancelled after remains found.
We loved. She lied. We died.
He's our boy. So he thinks.
The red warning sign was missing
Born with less limbs than lungs.
Cold heart, hot flames, missing family.
Wouldn't have it any other way :)
4chan told me to get therapy.
Did you really think she cared?
Amber Alert ended after remains found.
The filthy dog collapsed, giving up
Her tongue; a beautifully honed Damascus.
I no longer dreamed of "us".
You made this? I made this.
"Obana still hasn't invaded Texas." "Confirmed."
This is my finest literary work.
"What was it like being human?"
Sarah, Im ready to come home.
Dear Mom, I am coming home.
Dear Mom
My husband passionately kissed my boyfriend.
Full autobiography. Chapter 27: Suicide note
We tried. We really did. Sorry.
Being Exceptional is an everyday thing.
I make money. But not love.
"America was fun, though," Lucifer said.
I don't need someone like you.
Junk food slowly eats our life.
Do you feel the same way?
"Scorpions don't bite.", said and died.
"Party hard", socially anxious caveman whispers.
None heard him objecting his post-mortem.
Summiting, she defied Everest's treacherous hospitality.
Married a girl. Met a woman.
I did everything right. She's gone.
I can only take one, sorry.
Didn't live until I found you.
Divorced, no wife, no friend, alone
"I'll do this, with my hands!"
I'm just glad she's not boring.
Who is this on my pillow?
But was it already too late?
What does your daddy do? Sleep.
He caressed my face, "No Homo".
He gently cupped my face,"No Homo".
Its not illegal, its - uh - SCIENCE!
There, a sound! Now sudden silence.
Will I have to bury you?
"How are you?" "Good," I lied.
why didn't we fall in love?
Cancer took the wrong girl... again.
"Are you sure?" "One hundred percent."
Went to the vet. Left alone.
And that's how Kanye became President.
Bowels creaked like a haunted ship.
Here. I wrote a *insert* story.
Beware the dark water; it watches.
You keep provoking me to leave
Cold choices make for hot news
The Witcher 3, iOS 12 Version
Romantic smartphone-lit dinner for two.
Pain is inevietable. Suffering was optional.
They found me with my treasure.
Alas, I used to be important.
One day later, Rome was built.
Dusty jail now historic (marijuana) site.
"It's my house, not my home."
Quit cigarettes cold turkey five times.
Finishing her masterpiece, she clicked 'submit'.
One in pinker, two in stinker
I fell in love. She didn't.
Her masterpiece complete, she clicked 'submit'.
go fuck yourself you fucking asshole
Died before she knew she would.
Oh No... Why Did You Save Me?
I should've listened to my dog.
We don't have a lower class.
I'm not afraid of death anymore.
Two paths. One=Death. Choose Wisely...
Surprisingly, formatting became the bigger challenge
Doctor... You sure that's a finger
I wonder if this will work
Eliminated what didn't help my evolution.
You're my jailer not my lover.
Two lose their virginities. One celebrates.
It's a rough day for porcupines.
Slowly, I began to hate myself.
One's too many. Ten's not enough.
i made a dylan thomas breakfast
Apparently, it wasn't 42 after all.
Let's go adventure through the wilderness!
Next time you're happy, you're dead.
"You want breast original or crispy?"
Car broke down. Guess I'm fired.
Only the blind girl emerged sane.
Am I an only child now?
I'm so terse, I can't even.
Guy before me ate corn, apparently
Neither of my parents want custody
"So... us?" ... "It might have been."
US presidential elections end. Dozens celebrate.
"They'll be sorry!" We are now.
Pest control postponed. Bugs' lives extended.
They said they were peaceful. Liers.
Super trawler. Noah's ark in reverse.
Divorce filing fee or marriage counseling?
Broken phone softly sits on pedestal
'Hey! See those magnificent waves' : Tsunami.
Captain, we've run out of ammunition.
Get your sweet ass over here
Free WiFi, but at what cost?
Canada to Americans: You're not welcomed!
"So us?" "It might have been..."
Sent love letter. She clicked forward.
I think I'm terrible. Nobody disagrees.
It's over. Strangely, I don't care.
Mom tells me life gets better
"Kiss my ass." "Turn around first."
Wanted world peace. Teleported to Mars.
Orphaned. Widowed twice. Honour is stupid.
Our relationship just became long distance.
At thirteen, she was already old.
"ROOF ACCESS" -- door's locked. Not today.
Masked. "Last wish?". " Freedom! ". Bang.... Granted.
Pirate sees bright light, spots leg.
Pirate sees white light, spots leg.
( )Human ( )Robot Please tick appropriate box
Forgiveness didn't erase my shameful memories.
Child prays " thanks McDonald's, for burger".
Suicide Prevention Day didn't stop her.
She deleted every word I sent.
The election was over. Dozens celebrated.
The elections were over. Dozens celebrated.
We were close... then we weren't.
The election is over. Dozens celebrate.
Extraterrestrials finally arrive. Greet whales first.
Extraterrestrials finally arrive. Greet Whales first.
I don't like finishing sentences, so...
I thought I was helping her.
Here i am. There i was.
Why can't she fucking love me?
She died. I didn't. Good enough.
My last wish was never granted.
Pg. 1 - America's Peak Year, 1981
Janitor thwarts child kidnapping; faces deporation.
Welcome, The new president of California...
I let go. Now she's gone.
He wasn't. He was. He isn't.
"Climate Change Doesn't Exist" -- National Geographic
She's happy with him. It hurts.
Do you need a clean needle?
Barrel to temple. Kill the voices.
Did I fail? No: I smiled.
"I, Donald Trump, do solemnly swear..."
Wife pregnant, ecstatic. Girlfriend pregnant, shit.
"Ghosts can masturbate???" 300 wasted years.
Drunk live-tweeted sister's wedding. Currently aflame.
Drunk live-tweeted sister's wedding. Was hammered.
Polly replied to her own comment.
Love is certainly our greatest delusion.
"The batteries aren't dead! Call Dad!"
Can we name it after him?
I wanted you to use me
Crossed out loved. Replaced with liked.
Emergency poop caused my immediate evacuation.
Hummus-t be crazy to hate hummus
She's engaged. Found her on Tinder.
And then she just stopped replying.
Drunk driver. I survived. Victim didn't.
my eating disorder will kill me
Polled the internet. They said "RUN!"
Wide hips. Childbearing hips. Forever unused.
I can't remember pulling the trigger.
President gone suicidal. Opted Red Button.
Lost friends gained enemies unbalanced life
He lived eighty years in nineteen.
Actually, I am a terrible writer.
Yes, I can work weekends again.
"Lisp." "Rhotacism." Words I can't say.
Last human leaves - frondescent, spectacular...necrotic.
The Postman got lost again today.
I cried, she cried, we jumped.
Everything turned out better than expected.
Raged against the machine. Machine won.
I always get nights off, somehow.
Shot the clerk. Didn't shoot deputy.
I hope you find me first.
Silent and deadly, yet I'm gone.
Our past- the only similarity left
Kat didn't land on her feet.
I got God's answering machine again.
Hand veins bulging? Try raising hand.
The strangers made friends for me
Its in the wrong hole, baby
I wonder; is this really meaningful?
The pale guy hoarded night shifts.
Charadist masquerader ventures moonlit masked maraudings.
She ran up. Hugged the jumper.
Voat closed. Reddit still hadn't noticed.
Vost closed. Reddit still hadn't noticed.
He died like he lived, unsatisfactory.
puking brought clarity... and porcelain echoes
"Hello, friend. Hello, friend. That's lame."
One night stand. Life with Child.
"The best part" Butcher said, "breast".
Trapped: ate my best friend today.
"Bigger than expected!" "..what'd you expect?"
Deposit a ten in the ATM
"$120 for lifejackets," remembers Syrian father.
Child falls. You dive. Crisis averted!
I found my lover's ashes today.
I'm learning to be happy again.
Dick jokes made her smile again.
Life's trag- ... Oooh new Netflix series.
Beat cancer. Hit by a truck.
Do I eat ramen or delivery?
She was my spot of luck.
I had enough for THREE burgers!
Sent a love letter without reply.
"Three months left." Died that week.
My girlfriend found love. I didn't.
What does the red button do?
Pa, I killed the man. Pa?
...And she woke up feeling renewed.
Breasts quivered as chicken was carved.
She was warm. I was lonely.
#OMG. #Like #WTF. #Worst #kidnapping.#Evaaaa.
Wake up. Go to work. Repeat.
Laughter WAS best medicine! Cancer defeated.
We fall in love too fast.
This one seems different somehow...
Last day of living today. Goodbye.
Woman becomes mother. Man becomes murderer.
Poison taster's nut allergy kills cook.
It didn't rain that much today
The hardest goodbye is "I'm sorry".
Martians listening, "No Life on Mars".
Knock. Knock. "Who's there?" "Just Lawyers."
Walking indoctrination continues. Toddler... highly suspicious.
Something strange about this one...
Damn traffic. Spoilt weekend, once again.
I wish she was my age
America is simply Pay-to-Win.
I felt my wife's touch, contracting.
Don't end it. It gets better.
Toddler highly suspicious of walking indoctrination.
However, that ass was phat though
(Dialing) terssshhhhhh eeeeerrrrrreeee cheeeeeeeeeeee ... Internet Connected
"In God We Trust", said Dawkins.
She was just not her anymore.
This subreddit should be named /r/sixwordtragedies
Her tired body got her by.
Humans fail. Leaves fell to earth.
You never know who it is.
Go To SLEEP! (Hearing kids giggling)
Sometimes, everything you are isn't enough.
His hard work never paid off...
They all die at the end.
Patient: Africa. Prognosis: heal; don't amputate.
Last human leaves. Dogs start chatting.
Shut up grandpa, you fucking bigot.
I promise I'll just have one
"You silly, brilliant puppets," thought DNA.
Inside this world are many worlds.
The governor's pardon came too late.
Russia declares China an annex.
Awoken by her death. No seatbelt.
Blood became more intoxicating than alcohol.
"What a freak!" his heart sank.
"The graveyard is full, sir." "Again?"
Grandma fell down the stairs again.
God is bigger than your dogma.
Just learned to walk. Never again.
I'm a pacifist. My lawyers arn't.
Just turned 21. Forever and always.
"Spare change?" he muttered, expecting neglect.
Grandparents raising grandchild, parents raising hell.
"We did our best." Doctors lied.
"We didn't". That's it. They didn't.
Peter, she said. Not me, Peter.
I did nothing. It was wonderful.
President: "They have arrived. Save yourselves..."
President: "They're coming. God Bless America."
He relapsed. What else is new?
This time, they heard a heartbeat.
Honey, that's just the booze talking.
Google changed font. World skipped breath.
Pack of cigarettes; never came back.
I came back, bearing / hiding wounds.
Bee
"I don't love you." "I don't mind."
So long, God bless, good night.
Guillotine fell as the telegram arrived.
Attended my cat's funeral. Yet again.
Judge says, "Religious twerking isn't working."
Curiosity finds life. Kardishans win public.
Internet's most obnoxious Kim
They elected change. We hired shapeshifters.
The ambulance slowed, the urgency gone.
Shotgun fired. Then his phone rings.
There is no "i" in dyslexia.
And then...it began to Snowden.
Parting. I took Mike. She, Jenny.
Cancer cells mutate and everyone dies.
Humans, as you are, need saving.
Crying wont bring everyone back either.
Robots win vote. Google elected president.
In that moment he hated himself.
"Yes, it is", God had lied.
His eyes told a different story.
"404: Page not found" mumbled Reddit.
God is real. We created him.
The chef had cholera; still we ate.
Robbed a blood bank. Very messy.
Back in the saddle again! Awesome!
"Lincoln rises from grave- shot dead."
Darling, why is my pillow warm?
Once you start, you can't stop!
He saved crossing turtle, got killed.
Found love. Got shot. Wolf problems.
Each night you sleep someone watches.
For what it's worth, he apologizes.
My love's married. I'm a shapeshifter.
My love's married. I'm a shapeshifter.
Invisible. Awesome power, but horrible life.
Letting go, it'll never be mine
Raised by TV. Raising by reading.
That's odd. Our nuclear missile's gone.
"Justice", our ruler lies, smiling benevolently.
Popular rapist forgives victim. Crowds cheer.
"Happiness? Heroin's my sole joy now."
Blind Mans Love
He loves me, but it's her ....
he
Jet fuel can't melt steel beams.
Why are sad stories the easiest?
My imagination eats me alive...Insomnia.
Maybe it's time to become lost.
Found true love after my wedding.
45 seconds. Doesn't matter, had sex.
Now she missed doing his laundry.
I see though your blatant lies
She was never mine to lose.
A tale begins, but now ends.
I have power. Only flickered once.
Realistic erotica: we fucked. Wasn't bad.
She watched the sunset alone, soon.
That house, gone, forever a memory
Passive aggressive tendencies turned into violence
And so, the clock stopped ticking...
I hate backpack on others' back.
I can't tell if I smell.
Carriage rides for two, now closed
Taper down? Did I say that?
Just let your dreams stay dreams
It's scary when you don't wake.
'Lie to me.' 'I love you.'
President Godzilla keeps promise. Squashes Trump.
Queen Elizebath is now President Elizebath.
I watched them through the windows.
I can't wait for my funeral...
In the dark. I hear laughter.
don't let your dreams be dreams...
Hand held out. Nobody took it.
She died slowly nine months after
I am a gay dog. Woof.
She now watched the sunset alone
One day, we won't be here.
She walked heavy steps. She's fat.
Since then, mirrors became useless things.
Religion: people dying for fairy stories.
They are coming. They are coming.
Books: My favorite kind of people
Dreams came true. "Welcome to death..."
"We're all equal" says the majority
Under the bar, outlined in chalk.
What an active centennial class reunion.
I'm the subject of a manifesto.
And then...it began to snow.
It finally happened. "This isn't happening..."
"Is nostalgia real?" the android pondered.
My autocorrect changed 'guys' to ' gays'.
What an odd beast, Eve thought.
Nephew washed my piano with coke.
How to be a rapper
"Connected to Wi-Fi network Home". Finally.
I prayed. God answered. It begins.
Why weren't you at my funeral?
Russia is Invading The United States.
These children all bruise so easily.
Russian Soldiers Vactioning in Our Backyard.
The baby's fine but...Amy's dying.
Their daughter died. Faith isn't medicine.
It was me the whole time.
Hand held out, nobody took it.
Eve giggled amidst the snake's touch.
She won't recognise me, I hope.
I know I can do that.
Don't eat and you become food.
Two to the head. Ruled suicide.
deathbed
Twitter followed. Facebook friended. Home alone.
Blindness diagnosed. It all became clear.
Her dress looks lovely on you.
With last man dying, gods faded.
Be careful in the jungle, now.
Mommy dead. Sister dead. Daddy arrested.
Saw a snake, shit my pants.
The old man contemplated his life.
This time, he died for real.
He texted her. The police replied.
Ever since, the ocean terrifies me
Lived to experience her lone memory.
Everyone screamed in terror, he smiled.
Attempt number 396: Failure. Trying again...
Got a call. It was me.
Asian teen doesn't enjoy ass fucking.
Thank God my bhole stopped bleeding.
My mind is not my own.
I love you too, Death whispered.
His battery died with our love.
All I need is one hug.
"I'm chaffed" she wimpered to herself.
Found love. Didn't tell my wife.
"Am I dead?", I asked. "Yes".
"What now?" Ashley Madison bots pondered.
Death won't save you from me.
I feel so cold after death.
"Tomorrow.", I said yesterday. "Not today.".
Justice's worth? For me, about 30,000
Single Earthling Male Seeks Gynoid. Non-smoker.
President's motto: less education, more re-education.
He hung himself using his diploma.
I am trapped within a box.
Aliens invade, eat fat ones first.
When it's right, it'll be easy.
Pandemic in Computerland, a power outage.
Life apparantly advertisement for "Aftermath Gum."
"Bla bla bla bla" -I lied.
On my mind. Off the wagon.
The pilot yelled "BRACE! BRACE! BRACE!"
There is vomit on my spaghetti.
He smiled. "Tomorrow," he promised accidentally.
Green card. Pink slip. Toe tag.
Bandages administered. Dictator-for-life rebuked for biting.
"Happy to be back", I lied.
Woke up morning with missing sun.
Charlie Sheen is at it again!
Kill that man in the mirror.
dead friend is waking me up.
Six word stories are so easy.
Immediately, beloved son became despised daughter.
When you awaken, I'll be gone.
I just saw my reflection blink.
Hitler's Greatest Art Project: "The Holocaust."
Hills. Nightmares. Screams. Very good memories.
Rapture confirmed, none missing, world rejoices.
Who I was hates this me.
She doesn't think of me anymore.
Six words that'll make you cringe
I wish you were someone else
"Netflix and chill?" "Sure!" "Rape! Rape!"
"It was alright." She said, dejectedly.
Cry for help. Soundproof car trunk.
His only lifeline formed a noose.
I watched my love marry hers.
Defuse that bomb by cutting the
His eyes tight shut, gunshots fired.
Transported to fantasy world. Or... insane?
Two shadows. She turned around slowly...
Did my death not upset you?
The boy said I'm your father.
Take the cannoli, leave the gun.
Never thought I'd click "Block User"
Swam ashore with one leg left...
Beauty behind all of the madness
We ran, monster chasing, I fell.
He vomited the anti nausea pills
Will the compliments ever feel genuine?
My foot stepped over the edge
I ran and never looked back.
Self awareness may be a curse
What's on the cassette? Dance music.
We elected him as a joke
It began on this day - Tuesday
Why was I not good enough?
From flesh to silver to clay
I didn't get there in time.
From flesh to silver to clay.
Speed kills, but sometimes, I do.
He broke the one rule.
There's something fishy about this 'sixwordstories'.
Log #9917: "We're not being surveilled."
Day 41 - the rain became blood.
"It's not that.". She looked away.
I'd tell you a story, but...
His brain kept him awake nightly
He told me to stop crying.
Surrounded by friends, but still lonely.
Death from above, heaven under me.
"I didn't get raped," he lied.
"I demand a trial by combat"
You are unique! Just like everyone.
That rabbi sure loves his bacon.
Old man given name of baby
She moved on, he jumped off.
To be interesting, one must buy.
Have we already met, fellow redditor?
He had to act as pilot.
Twelve stories high, made of radiation.
My life
Midas touched her, she got wet.
Spilled water on my laptop... Again
Mom, run! Dad has a gun!
I had it - now it's lost
Help! Has anyone seen my glasses?
Dark closet. Tight noose. Mammoth erection.
Ain't nobody got time for that
Prized pig: farmer brushes away spiderwebs
'Sixwordstory' by Supreme Leader: Kim Jong-un.
"Hi, Dad? Mom is drunk again."
All Heaven prays: "Cure eternal life!"
My best was never good enough.
So much to say, such little
Midas touched her, she remained unchanged.
Until her, Oscar hadn't been grouchy.
After, the radio felt like torture.
But you dont understand....... kiss me
"Everyone! Get in Here!". "I Strike"
"God?" he asked. "Call me Lucifer."
We Tu Lo, Bang Ding Ow
Red stains on the used crib.
"Check out this six word story!"
Hey, watch this. His last words.
'John, let's go'. His eyes closed.
"Me instead," he prayed, and died.
This time, he regretted being right.
Hired hooker; She bit my tongue.
Let's not forget to forget tonight
Giant alien spiders are no joke.
Shaking, young boy pulls trigger. Jams.
I thought you were over this.
I should have had an abortion.
She was screaming. Everyone looked away.
Infinite universe: Somewhere you married Elvis.
He said "are you fucking sorry?"
"It won't happen to me." -Everybody
You'll upvote anything with six words.
"Honesty is everything", says the liar
"I knew someone would come.. Eventually"
I guess black lives don't matter.
He was my six word story.
It's quiet in this apocalyptic wasteland.
You like that, you fucking retard?
This is not what I expected.
One word makes all the diffrence
I am a woman of tributes.
Box of puppies, abandoned, Arizona, vultures.
Grew new arm, faps now amazing.
"Absolutely anything," he prayed, and died.
Stranded American aircraft safe-landed North Korea.
I fell for the wrong woman.
Left his phone home. The suffering.
Missing person. Neighbor takes up composting.
Evidence number four: torn marriage certificate
Drugs are his mistress, his addiction.
Pranksters hack depression hotline. Callers wait...
Helped him stand for the anthem
"Laser sword startup cofounder slays cofounder."
Thirty-seven days missing. Thirty-six days dead.
"Vagina Dentata? Sounds exotic." He unzipped.
Peace came... I still heard gunfire.
Seeking: replacement roommate. Must enjoy bears.
Sunset... darkness... her plane never came.
Witnessed her first step, not last.
Googled my name. First link... mugshots.
Reveal what your mind can do
For the stories that were never
Suffering sleepless nights because of you.
Life is best shaken, not stirred.
Downvoted every post, except for mine.
Downvoting every post except for mine.
we give up on purpose now
"Baby shoes? How much, Lady Luck?"
there's a star in my eye
Diabetes cure discovered. Oreos' stock soars.
His final attempt wasn't an attempt
I started wearing my seatbelt again.
Even suicide hotline agent hung up
"You weren't my happiness... She was."
"You weren't my happiness.. She was."
"Cashiers won't deduct the pain." - MGMT
The dinner for two, went cold
We burn worlds; yours is next.
By law, only deviants may touch.
I see her face in yours.
Trump elected president in stunning upset.
This is a six word story
Use by the 14th of August
Now you can talk to God.
Like and Share, if you care
I'm not going back home again.
Thereafter, Martians lived happily on earth.
Six words is not enough for
Failure held my hand until death.
I've seen your future. It sucks.
Seems like only beautiful people marry.
"- Did you hear something?" "- Anyone there?"
"Dorsal fin," her final, regrettable confirmation.
Planetary collision. There were no survivors.
"I love you." "Sign the papers."
I have nothing to lose, AMA.
Bees aren't candy, this piata sucks.
Coke floats when the plane drops.
Science answered the very last question!
Mother of three, deceased. Died childless.
"The menu said 'peanut-free.' How tragic."
"Them or me.". I chose wrong.
She's pretty, but I'm not Jewish.
"I think he's cheating on me."
Please Thanatos, don't leave me... Again.
Finished my house of cards! Earthquake.
"I love you" - he walked away
Unspoken words overcrowded his anxious mind.
Fixing her ended up breaking him
"What about you?". "I'm so sorry".
Elephant Poacher on the Zambezi River
The world's bouncy. People had fun.
Doot doot. Updoot for good calcium.
When did I get so old?
I just don't love you anymore
10 days later, the war ended
days after he died, war ceased.
"So...?" "I'm not coming back." "Okay."
She just wants to feel normal.
"Die, faggot!", said the closeted homosexual.
He helped his attacker stand up.
I hate you... I love you.
She Doesn't Feel Happiness Only Emptiness.
I am Tupac Amaru Shakur, AMA.
.
"Good morning," I lied once again.
Thirty minutes thinking and typing. "-Hi"
I was the first of many
Couldn't stop the world from burning
"Loved you, always." Then he died.
I thought you were so happy
"If not this moment, then when?"
There is a competition between us
When
She is my poison, my overdose.
I finally quit today. Again. Hopefully.
A joint funeral: for two siblings.
I'm not that guy any more.
She chose the pipe over them.
Death looked at me and chuckled.
Time travel did not exist now
Felt the light; couldn't see it.
Sing of me, dying of thirst
Before the party. After the party.
Her snow goes on to deep.
You became less useful...more useless.
I just wanted to say hi
"I don't feed on lowlifes. Usually."
"I don't feed on criminals. Usually."
I bled fucking dark read tears
Too many things I don't remember.
No, no. We've just been drinking.
Read at 11:32. Still no answer...
Hungry mouse, lonely trap. Now engaged.
I wrote a six word story.
The door only locks from outside.
Little Girl Molests Old Guy, In Van
She cried acid, had dry cheeks.
I've gotten used to the stares.
American chauvinists attack second Chinese factory
Take it all off for daddy
Most stories lack beginning, middle, end.
I forgot what I wished for
We only elected President Trump ironically.
It's my birthday, nobody reminded me.
"Chosen One" fucked up. Everyone's dead.
Dictator canceled all Sundays on calendar.
"Fuck," he said. "Fuck, fuck, fuck."
The Dictator canceled all Sundays on calendar.
"Follow me", said the murder victim
Lost a limb, but found myself.
The mime's silence signaled his death
And the families grieved as one.
Then it all went to hell.
At the end, was the beginning.
I saw Death. He says "Hello."
He asked me for tree-fiddy
Not a day passed without tears.
Stay very still. Don't turn around.
This fear makes the sky heavy
"I'm future you," said the molester.
Take heart. His was never hers.
Tentatively, prosthetically- his second "first" step
American dream dies with rising sun.
Everything's reminding me of you lately.
Fifteen applications. Two responses. Both rejections.
Team work made the dream worse.
The President boarded the doomsday plane.
China began its second communist revolution.
Room without books; body without soul.
I am. I am. Am I?
The perfect child was born unfinished.
Inside head: Many thoughts, no actions.
Travels
Robots work hard, Humans play hard
Drug trial control group patient dies.
"Yes, very rich. *If* Adolf graduates."
Having crippled the design, Leonardo smiled.
I don't want it to end.
There was a beginning. The end.
Text, so I can ignore you.
Fought in Vietnam, died on 22nd.
I wish we weren't over yet
Under his spell I will remain...
A mother's love is the strongest.
Drowning in his own good intentions.
Life is a long time
Water forgets names of the drowned.
Another war shut down. Soldiers mindwiped.
There has to be an excuse.
She will always be my favorite.
Another abortion clinic closes. Staff mindwiped.
Whose face shall I wear today?
On the milk carton, my face.
The muffled screams were so delightful.
"Lay a gun by the corpse"
"I am not am not damaged"
She pushed. He caught. Three cried.
"Beautiful flowers! Who're they from?" "...Myself."
Weeping, she cradled the bloody hanger.
He tossed the ring and jumped.
The childs shriek brought him joy.
She pin holed the condom, ruefully.
Grimacing, she spat out the member.
We are machines that are learning.
Jaywalker's "Never stop!" t-shirt proved ironic.
Upvoters discriminate. Downvoters abundant. Moderators elusive.
Notice: human platforms no longer supported
"Help me" . . . Message Failed to Send
Today he learned about panic attacks
He watched his widow move on.
Blood stained the suicide note unreadable
Life gets better, but I won't.
Thought it was detergent. White pants.
I'm pregnant but it's not mine.
I unsubscribed after downvoting every story.
Another lifetime ago, I was happy.
Hunger leaves you no other choice.
Dying alone hurts worse than feelings
The number she gave was fake.
"oh f*ck, why am i bleeding?"
She had a face like murder.
His leather jacket had no stitches
Work to brighten up Six words!
Grammar Nazis have a spelling Gestapo?
I tried to love you again.
Blacks and Whites united against Chartreuses.
They have watched and recorded us.
"Why not follow where hearts wander?"
Mystery: Last man on earth murdered.
There's a madness to the method.
Her last text said, "Forgive me"
Touched livewire, first time. Nay, last.
Breaking: atomic strikes in 26 cities
There's nothing more we can do.
His love. Her life. Never again.
That day...the Leprecon grew twice.
Never will they let me be.
...and never again did I kneel.
The night beckoned; I went willingly.
I now exist in your world.
Bigger on the inside: infant autopsy.
Divorce breaks families. Abandonment breaks happiness.
Get the fuck off my lawn.
Whether I love her or not.
People will say I'm a monster.
Now, on with my pathetic life.
Keep the parents. The boy drowns.
They always say they mean it.
They breathed life into my butt-hole.
Tooth forsaken. Dollars discarded. Child taken.
Humanity's final war will end shortly.
And then I found five bucks.
The last war will end soon.
Humanity, exterminated. Prophecy, fulfilled. Bob, exhausted.
Every month, check came. Red ink.
Schizophrenic nun accidently proves Poincar conjecture
Saying goodbye shouldn't be so easy
Not a perv, its Y chromosome.
If its shit, its not hard.
Fawn found mangled in curious machinery
"Death, leave my wife alone." "No."
It is so depressing here, unsubscribe.
Her last text said, "Forgive me
Trembling, they moved Lovecraft to nonfiction.
Blood brothers, lie in blood.
Hot dog eating contest declared obscene
Stares too long, she caught me.
She asked me what metastasized meant.
Death meets all, big or small.
Just killed me. Stole my life.
The girl can not be mine.
Sea witch ate the "bad" mermaids.
catch (Exception ex) { nukes.Launch("00000000"); }
You have 9 new, unread messages.
I am allergic to allergy medicine
Who knew aliens tasted like chicken?
The tiger escaped. The zookeeper... didn't.
His last achievement was the noose.
Life in prison: I die daily.
Sherlock solves own murder... because Sherlock.
Witnessed a murder; they flew away.
Free my mind
Arecibo Message received. They weren't recording.
Local Man No Longer a Hero
She would have turned one today.
Cows, pigs, chickens, humans - all meat.
Good life until you became mine.
Man on Mars. Martians screamed "Alien".
Daddy, why are the mountains moving?
Daddy, why are the mountains are moving?
"My beloved, you as my Judas?"
Orbiting debris too thick. Earth inescapable.
Sea witch spell called two mermaids.
Seconds after death, her orgasm exploded.
six words is six too many.
Your drill will pierce the heavens!
Tonight, last memory of her alive.
Bomb defused. Police excused. Ticking resumes...
Aluminum antiperspirants can cause what now?
"Jacob", you accidentally whisper to her.
Millions Dead  Praise Be To God
Her dildo is no longer enough.
"To drive, log in with Facebook."
And we thought they were bluffing...
Desire different hair color? Scalp included.
That day, it rained white fire.
Pre-cum tasted like honey. He died.
I killed my father's only son
You said you were still happy.
He was alone at his funeral.
"Was your birthday ruined?" "It happens"
The voices won't leave me alone.
We died under that metal sky
Hey Lenny, look over there. Dead.
'Concentration camp full'. General ordered "Clear"
'Concentration camp full'. General said "Clear".
A birthday cake all to myself
How deep will her winter go?
Finally having time, he did not
Figured out desires. Found what's missing.
Why can't I love them both?
Don't worry. I know the way.
The Grand Canyon had completely vanished.
She's white, but identifies as black.
The chimera burned the cold ashes.
The chimera set trees on fire.
Simon saw, Simon said, Simon left.
I was just beginning to hope....
Buttoning and unbuttoning, day after day.
Loud banging, from inside the closet.
"I see", said the blind man.
FOR HIRE: strong hands, few morals.
The world was changing too fast.
Together only for the family plan.
I hope you outlive your children
Let's all talk about who gossips.
Simon didn't know what to say.
I wore black, to my funeral
I cradle my wife's murderer asleep.
Rain fell in clanks, not splatter.
I see my dog's killer daily.
Pronounced brought dead, she woke up.
I've payed enough. Now open that
My father is your father. Goodbye!
The tentacles slithered up her leg.
"Love you... _____" suggested another girls' name.
"Love you...______" suggested another girls name.
Do the work, be the prize.
Accidentally swiped left on my soulmate
" I'm so sorry. I've moved on."
Ignored intuition, returned to crime scene.
Malpractice. Bringing medicine and law together.
I shall never meet my child.
Mom threw away the depression medication.
Arnold Schwarzenegger lost the armwrestling contest.
Farted. Checked my pants. Died inside.
My buddy's breathing his dying breath
Those "masked robbers" were actually cops.
"Now kiss the bride Madam President"
Whose blood is this? Who's bleeding?
The sheets still smell like her.
He died, but my life ended.
Open foot, insert mouth. Reorder, repeat.
Underneath his smile lay many doubts.
I swiped left on Mrs. Right
My ear hurts and life sucked.
Bleeding, he sat writing his story.
I sat waiting. Life drifted by.
Mother, is it always this dangerous?
They will call us Homini Abaddon
Became tearless in a tearful world.
Lost in space. Found this place.
Rebels dont write just six words, bitch
We don't even have "good mornings".
Couldn't choose at junction, turned back.
The last transmission received, "Beginning reentry."
She returned from their vacation alone.
fall get back up repeat, life
Drifting nowhere, finally arrived. Now what?
My best friend's crush was me.
She will never love me back.
Blue lips matched baby's sightless eyes
The priest walked out mid service.
At the funeral, dad's corpse winked.
She died. The pain did not.
She called me John, I'm Daniel
Always some innocence left to lose.
I cut myself, but didn't die.
Love can fail, and that's ok.
Kindness makes a great cloaking device.
She still expected him to reply.
It takes one to move many.
Fail
No 'Goodbye' but 'See you around'
First ones in, last one out.
Best man and bride lock eyes.
Her headstone read: Beloved to nobody.
Got soaked in the cooling rain.
His last words were: "I love-"
Russia stopped answering the red phone.
"Are you fornicating?" "No, only miscegenating."
Killing him was just the start.
Can't fight mods with six words.
I stood there and did nothing.
He fell for her. From there.
Awoke paralyzed, felt the scalpel's bite.
He paid for shipping, she paid for handling.
http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=7ce_1367100652
"They're just six words. One more."
Favourite teacher. Later his favourite friend.
"Why is all our lube gone?"
Earth burns, we watch from Mars.
Awake paralyzed, felt the scalpel bite.
Nose amputated, clown works no more.
Dad's drunk again. No change there.
I thought it took nine months.
For sale: This gullible baby's shoes.
He's never met a stranger before.
She never even felt the impact.
Imaginary friend sacrificed for real acquaintances.
Can't go anywhere...can't do anything.
Did you notice all the blood?
He kissed my girlfriend. I watched
They climbed. She fell. He followed.
Her engagement ring, buried with him.
Alternate universe: Hitler stays a painter
"Tech support? My computer's started laughing."
GoFundMe appeal almost prevents city bankruptcy.
Good beer. Good Wine. Rough Morning
She didn't "know me" with clothes.
Can Facebook likes heal? Study: No.
Lost and alone...alien planet...harsh.
I raped him. They raped me
"Doc, I'm dyin'!" -- "How's your credit?"
Cremated together : dead wife; alive husband.
Question? Answer! Explain: Six words, over.
Blind man still sees her face.
"You got asperger's?" - "I got diagnosed."
better kissing with more teeth missing
"Hey... So... We need to talk..."
Trident launch approved. Defecting to Ireland.
Subreddit goal: Finding the Impossible Sentence.
One bullet is cheaper than therapy.
Delete account? [Yes]/No. Confirm? Yes.
"What if she leaves us again?"
She didn't recognise me. I apologised.
He was there only at night.
"Things are going great" She lied
Kiss me like we're not family.
Effort effort effort effort effort effort
Detective...tasted the wet spot twice.
Ain't my baby...that baby ugly.
He promised he would come back
That's why I believe in ghosts.
No Johnny! It's not worth it!
I craved your destruction against me
"Dr Jones, no time for love"
Crying and masturbating besides asleep wife.
"This should have been a wedding."
Joined under free will. Never free.
Walls of steel, foundation of sand.
Kiss me like you used to.
For Sale: Unused Bachelor of Arts
Realized it was loaded too late.
That's odd. Your ID says 16.
Limbs. Replaced. Easily in fact. Soulmate...
Free violin - needs dusting, strings, love.
Wished for infinite wishes. Now, genie.
I tried to get away. I tried.
Write stupid story -- Get many upvotes
Texting and driving kills teens frequently
Clank! The doors close. I'm innocent
Please don't make me hate you.
He never had been looked at
Reclaiming his honor costs her dignity.
The flag never leaves half mass.
Rain started on the solitary pedestrian.
Two goats for your daughter's hand.
Door to hell in gateway computers
zombies, evolving. They plan like us.
"This little piggy is a marksman..."
Last words: "I love you too."
Music embodies the world, embrace it.
[M4M] World's most interesting man seeks same
Doot doot doot doot doot doot
We held each other for warmth.
So... that wasn't a GPS then?
Lenny Kravitz' Penis Announces Solo Tour
It began with just one whisper
I missed my one chance, again.
You're too late to pity me.
She lost the ring again today.
"You're so lovely." "You're so hung."
Coffin for sale. Slightly used.
"Of course. What did you expect?"
I'm positive about nothing. Except HIV.
Cycled through vices. Ended with you.
Scratch marks lined the coffins lid.
Tonight, I do not feel numb.
I'm all alone in a crowd
No homo. No emoticons. Just (   ).
Machine awakes, machine looks, self terminates
Six word story, he looked deeper...
Machine takeover. First broadcast: "Hello world."
Not if I kill you first.
That's odd... He was dead yesterday.
"i wish i was not dead"
I fired but it was empty.
Dog to dying boy: "Goodbye world."
I'll forgive you for my actions.
My daughter is also my cousin.
He had hours - I've been days.
She came home to a goody.
Rope hung taut. God forgive me
He noticed her. She loved him.
She didn't say it back tonight...
I loved her. She never knew.
No one believed he was raped.
I am her last resort husband.
The hyphenated and the Hyphenated Haveanaughts.
Why are these stories so sad?
He swore that he'd been tested.
"How is North Korea?" "Can't complain"
Killing Blow: "I don't love you."
They said I wasn't depressed enough.
Scars, our life stories in Braille.
Main Course? No, she's a garnish.
Turns out I'm only figuratively dying.
Her best personality trait was money.
"Goodnight Daddy", she said while crying.
Jester's paint washes best with tears.
"It's your call, don't mess up."
"Your management style is appallingly awful."
My grave had someone in it.
This is his last chocolate bar.
She dressed in black for years.
Enters hospital. Son smiles. Doctor doesn't.
She feared to leave her bed.
I drink to remember these days.
The Mirror lies, that's not me
I remember when i was strong.
Today, the gravedigger wept while digging.
Code editor font size increased - again.
Won the lottery...now I'm poor.
Guilty until proven innocent. And after.
Hurry up!!!! I have to poop!!!!
Unfortunately, shooting the messenger changed nothing.
"Honey, what about a drug store?"
*blows candle* Happy birthday to me...
"... You were in the control group."
Surpassed my rival. Now penultimate finisher.
Life's loading...loading. Delete memories. Reload.
Cool teenage tattoo, lifetime of regret.
"You said it wouldn't relapse!" "Sorry."
She used to remember, us together.
I want to remember the blackout.
Why did I do it again?
Light mist, turned into a fog.
I was never meant for this.
It Couldn't. It Did. It's Worse.
Punxsutawney Phil just didn't wake up.
I cared once, he's lost it.
He thinks he's directing. He's starring.
We shook hands, yet he lived.
"It's incredibly gay", he said proudly.
PRESIDENT DEAD. Nation sighs with relief.
Watch the tram car, please.
The safe-word is asphyxiation... was asphyxiation.
Nobody goes there anymore: Too crowded.
"I'm so sorry, I never checked."
But shouldn't parents love each other?
I need time off, from life.
Laws made and broken by all.
Positive thinking cast a terrifying shadow.
Inside junkyard, found Mom's Barbie doll.
Another diamond ring in the box.
Slowly, they stopped being just jokes.
Frackers parting comment..."we sell water".
I died today. Before my birth.
So I guess we're friends... again
Love is blind; hindsight's twenty-twenty
Perhaps it was not my fault.
We could receive, but not transmit...
She believes I'm a good man.
Clowns shouldn't have to deliver stillborns.
"Are you my father-in-law now, Dad?"
One voice can drown out millions.
"Will you marry me?" "Lol nah"
A whackin turns most girls sweet
Wedding ends. Mom drifts away quietly.
Russian Roulette ended with a bang.
Instantly he learned urine is conductive.
Couldn't write poetry. Left to prose.
She threw out the wedding pictures.
Turns out I'm not the oldest.
Live in poverty. Accrue student debt.
His success, relative. My happiness, reality.
His success. Relative. My happiness. Reality.
the shape of things to come
I'm on my way to play.
My success was relative.His happiness reality.
My mother changed her last name.
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo
"Stop repeating yourself!" "ok, ok. Jeez."
Hypochondria; his one last self diagnosis.
Video games and drugs were escapes.
I create complicated situations for myself.
Life was...a series of addictions.
The repercussions were, not that bad...
Born a female, Died a male.
Sometime when you lose, that's it.
I had no choice than trust.
So this isn't a test, then....
Finally I'am older than my brother.
He was brilliant, yet too ignorant.
Giving in isn't defeat. It's policy.
Finally I'am older than my brother.
Just bought food I'll never eat.
Beatings will continue until morale improves!
Interviewer wanted me to spell 'pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis'
Scribbled: "I want out. Can think."
Looked away. Reflection in mirror didn't.
Interviewer wanted me to spell 'parastratiosphecomyiastratiosphecomyiodes'
There goes someone; here goes nothing.
Morale is high. Morals are low.
Stop this. It's starting to hurt.
He doesn't felt the same way.
My father died. Only strangers mourned.
I used to care more convincingly.
You were watching. Not the same...
Jane's baby: Jim's eyes, John's surname.
Clever got me this far, but.....
I love you. Nothing else matters.
Hasselhoff chainsaw rampage "inevitable", psychiatrists warned.
"Missing you." With love, Never Yours
I wish I had the guts
I used to be a human.
Just one more, for the pain.
She stepped off, into indefinite air.
My generation hung all the politicians
My autocorrect changed 'love' to 'loathe.'
In This World Clowns Never Laugh.
Still have Samaritans on speed dial.
I wonder what multiplayer is like
Goodbye Son, you died with honor.
I need to edit. This story.
"Egg, I dreamt I was old."
Divorce granted. Both wept alone, separately.
Humans declare themselves kings. Microorganisms giggle.
There's no time for making schedules!
Playing chicken with a suicidal man.
Parachute sale! Used once, never opened.
Got the ingredients. Let's revive mom!
My Heart's. Her's. Is Not Mine.
My Heart's. Her's. Is Not Mine.
The bottle empties with the angel
I'm forgotten. Good fortune. Remembered. Fixed.
First time pregnant. First time miscarriage.
Father salutes to an empty casket.
Out to dry, let me die.
The girl cried. Her puppy died.
A lesson for all of us.
No more love no more world.
My captor is grinning. Oh shit!
Let me fix this. Stop crying.
I scream, yet no one hears.
Oh, god! Look out for that ---
Life a journey with one destination
Was honest but downvoted to oblivion.
You always meditate before I bye.
She only smiles when she's sleeping.
"Can...you pay for the funeral?
Left phone at home. Zero messages.
Sorry, I'm too busy filing KIA's
Last man on earth was woman
Arrived late. Now I'll never know.
She didn't jump, but smiled back.
Arrived tomorrow. Grammar mistake?: Time travel
Strange that little fish felt thirsty!
I never knew he thought that.
In this crowd everyone is alone
Today I saw my reflection blink.
The window was my door.
Houston: I died six hours ago.
"One day" came a day late.
Sex wasn't personal. Neither's my son.
She still wears her wedding band.
Send help, it's looking for me
My full tummy, Mommy's empty plate
My full stomach, mom's empty plate
He arrived to his final shootout.
Words worth something after you die.
I hung up his half-finished painting.
They never did make it home.
Looking out windows for her return.
Fight the bear with bare hands.
"Your eye..." "Just clumsy," she lied.
God regretted what he had made.
The flames rose. She sighed happily.
"Your eye.. " "Just clumsy," she lied.
It's ok car, I'm dying too.
I miss thinking Santa was real.
Her beauty now stains the sidewalk.
Dad's present found. Mom averts eyes.
I think I will leave now.
Diagnosed in spring. Never saw summer.
So close to the end... still.
Ed Sheeran divorces wife at 71
Up until yesterday, I was alive.
Her clitoris was a national treasure.
There's someone else in my head
She said no. I felt relieved.
Destruction mode button pressed. Target. "Earth"
August. Still no New Year's kiss.
Adam loved Eve. What choice left?
His world was muted and distant.
Adam loved Eve. What choice left?
choice
My life's work, finished by computers.
When I asked, he said: no.
Pretension never avoided in six words
He called 911. No one answered
He learned foreplay from a Bop-It.
Man's greatest fear is dying sad.
75 today. My first birthday alone.
Baby shoes for sale. Never worn
"I'll regret regretting all of this..."
As the draft withheld the Universe.
Jet fuel can't melt steel beams
Screw the rules. I have money
Well, I never liked you either.
Not sure what the audiologist said.
I'm very good at reassurance, ironically.
The last human will commit suicide.
He had a wife, you know.
"Hey, I'm home!" Only silence replied.
Don't be shy. He's human - mostly.
The mets win the world series
More bullets were cheaper than therapy
Failures are imminent in becoming Successful.
"I'm not defensive!" he said, defensively.
I used to be a father.
The body almost wore my nametag.
Then my family took her side.
The blind man coughed up blood.
Every battle was won by surprise.
I'm still friends with his widow.
META-IDEA: Go ahead and downvote me if you are formulaic, I'll never get the idea out any other way, but whatever... again, I'd downvote me, so I wouldn't blame you
T-Rex eating hot-dog: "ARMS.....TOO....SHORT!!!!!"
Naked man, drunk. Naked woman, slut.
"You hurt me!" "Or HELPED you?"
"You just lied!" "No I didn't."
Rewrote the essay with one word.
He pretended to not know me.
We stopped kissing three years ago
Sad situations condensed for your amusement.
His mom taught him to shave.
His life sentence, commuted. To execution.
The groom arrived... Drunk and naked
This is just a nightmare, right?
Killing was never the same again.
r/SixWordStories members: last humans on earth
The rain washes my cheeks clean.
Few Succeed in Pursuit of Excellence.
The money flowed. So did pain.
The grass ate the cow, sarcastically.
"Your fired" "I don't work here"
"I am so sorry." "Me too."
Life and death are the same.
Last word of the Eulogy- "Wait."
Time to show you my world.
"I'm going to ruin Earth-2 first!"
Life ain't fair? Compared to what?
He jumped and then found regret.
Dreams never cease
"Mom, grandpa didn't go bald, right?"
The horizon fell beneath the comet.
Life's not fair? Neither is death.
Oh well, shit happens, people die.
And then, finally, she could fly.
Rejected, open arms turned into (Blank).
He fired her. She fired back.
She cried, but he just laughed.
Defeated, he shouted finally! Then passed.
A queen sized bed fits 3 ;)
Her eyes are full of hatred.
He stepped forward. She stepped back.
I wish I wrote this
You can't spell "basement" without "semen."
I don't want to stay alone.
He went deaf. She went blind.
Friends forever or while it's convenient.
You're in a coma. Wake up.
She sobbed. The note: "Conversation 16"
"You lied." Dad pulled the trigger.
Selling: Authentic log cabin. Minor bloodstains.
Woke up again. Wished I didn't.
And the dreamers keep on dreaming
At work - it's hot. Please help.
Confused religious homosexual purchases Yahweh comic
Parastratiosphecomyia Strtiosphecomyiodes usually don't eat people
"Kara!" He moaned. Her name - Dualla.
"Stop" she begged. Fucked her anyways.
Engaged, but still stalking my ex...
His father went to get cigarettes.
Contractions? Labor? But she's not pregnant!
You came back, how about him?
Sulfur, charcoal, and saltpeter. Freedom's aroma.
And now his watch has ended.
Patient feels alone in uncaring world.
I always awake in cold sweats.
I knew I'd break her heart
God damn it!!! It is alive!!!!
The pedophile weeps as he masturbates.
The acid hit after the truck.
F*ck it! I'm gonna die anyway!
Board, depart, disappear. We're still waiting.
And without him home was nowhere.
She said no, he is devastated.
"Below minimum wage?" "Yes. Union job."
I was forced to break hers.
Over time she broke my heart.
Tailor gambles shirt off his back.
"Below minimum wage?" "Yes. Union job."
"This time it's different! Sanders 2036."
He nodded smiling, thinking 'Fuck you.'
SHE SAID YES!!!! SHE SAID YES!!!!
"Love you, mom." said the stranger.
"Sorry, you'll die." "Spoiler alert, doctor!"
Successful Standup Comic Jumps Off Bridge
She lived alone in crowded spaces.
"They're onto us," said the cat.
Slightly used, with potty training issues
No wipers for six days straight.
Lonely window separates tears from rain..
He was happy, then she left.
2372: Humanity gone, Earth at peace.
We are not meant to be.
"Cause of death listed as 'autopsy'."
Why cant we be friends anymore?
Her cheek has a blueish spot.
I have one friend... named Siri.
According to my happiness, everything's irrelevant.
"I hate birds." "Why's that, Prometheus?"
We bite with all our teeth.
Block [friend] calls? Are you sure?
Take your space. Go fuck yourself
I didn't try to warn her
His wife flinched at his touch.
Her last attempt was her longest.
"I miss you." "As I intended."
"You said yes", "I meant no".
Friend. Lover. "People you may know".
I couldn't remember who I was.
Everyone had high hopes for me.
I sexually identify as a Minion.
I used to be a twin.
God's perfect creation taught Him hatred.
United Kingdom urgently seeks tea replacement.
Relapse is imminent. Don't even try.
Played lots of golf. Quite annoyed.
"H E I A Stichomythia." Bzzzt
Hell empties. Only one suffers. Alone.
Is this sub sarcastically pretentious now?
Ex told me she's getting "engaged"
Ex-girlfriend told me she's getting married
She forgot my first birthday.
Her smiles never reach his heart.
"Sorry, but I only kill children."
Life is over, I don't regret.
The Hitchhiker's Guide musical galactically panned.
Squid or kid? Why not both?
The Hitchikers Guide musical galactically panned.
Dying to be anywhere but here.
Someday I'll learn you never cared.
My wife doodles her maiden name.
Barfing things I had never eaten
Procrastinating until deadline evokes adrenaline rush.
Angel
We're in bed. We're still arguing.
Outside Heaven's gate, a beastie knocked.
But I thought that you care.
He thought he'd break her heart
"I love you"; "I... I know"
Hoping for that one word-- benign.
Girlfriend joins Reddit. Comment history [Deleted].
Someone I cannot take this place.
I'm sorry, but I forgot, man.
Watch this, don't hold my beer.
"STOP RESISTING!!" BLAKA BLAKA sprinkles crack
Classifieds: former superstar, looking for work.
Forgot love; rediscovered it with you.
I'm about to wreck that ass.
We still talk, but she dates.
Do you know exquisite? Spectacular!
Duct tape will have to do.
It wasn't a mistake to me
NSFL post. Skips Link, Reads Comments.
Half smiled , 'n'said , "I'm fine" ,again.
Bred to live old, die young.
Disgraced hermit calls a press conference.
A spider in the popcorn again.
I wish I could've stopped myself.
dad hugged me then committed suicide
I found myself - hidden behind you.
I didn't get to say goodbye.
You're the witch. I burn.
"Let's put a minion on it!"
"Too many words? No, just enough."
I feel.
She is dead, but not gone.
Goodbye
She always cries on Father's Day.
It's spring time. Dandelions are blooming.
Today I gifted her a birthday.
I don't know what to do.
I forgave her, she forgot me.
Silence between them told the story.
The ring had no return policy.
"I really loved her, you know?"
I fell off my cloud, laughing.
I've always had trouble counting
I can't make her laugh anymore.
should go back to thickfreakness style
Everybody's friend, still he dies alone.
The elevator closed, the man farted
My mate Rennie shags his granda.
Our relationship, ended without a period
I locked myself in the closet
There used to be magic here......
My reddit cake day without cake.
I like you, but love her.
Rats infest city. Mayor is responsible.
Death loomed, received an organ.
"I was there when you died."
Unable to comply, building in progress.
"Do I look pretty now, Daddy?"
Last words: "Look ma, no hands!"
Trump Wins Race, Pig Takes Flight
Birth, school, work, career, death. Repeat.
My dad didn't have any children.
My mother didn't have any children.
Today flags fly in half-mast again.
The cage opened. Endless war began.
With strength, she made herself vulnerable.
Underpaid bowling professionals go on strike.
For sale: engagement ring, like new.
His perception was their greatest downfall
Back on the bed, red sheets.
I'm happy not thinking about you.
"Warheads aimed and ready, Dictator Sanders."
"On my way, mom!" Gun fires.
There is a word missing
Slut by choice, saint by circumstance.
Hide and Seek went badly wrong
I accepted my karma. Where's yours?
My parents are out: come over!
Good men do not need rules.
"Don't make me kill you again."
"Warheads aimed and ready, President Trump."
Day 45: Unlocked safe. Misshapen bones.
Pulled that thread, unravelled the world
Did not die lonely. Killed everyone.
At a girl's funeral. Someone smiles.
"I love you." Said the rapist.
I loved you, in the future.
...and then, my love ran dry...
Wake me up before you go-go
He only chased when she distanced.
Kind to everyone. Died empty handed.
I loved her, she liked me
Stave my boredom, even Reddit can't.
Nero fiddled while Rome burned down.
The immortal spent eternity by himself
You *always* put the kids first.
"No, this government doesn't practise c********p."
"No, this government doesn't practise c********p."
Six at morning: I'm skipping town.
Finally found happiness at rope's end.
She smiled as he hold her.
One last kiss, before I go.
I can't count to six.
All December his bouquet withers outside.
Found a beat. Danced along. CPR failed.
She paced outside of the ER.
"My bite is worse", he barked."
Life falls around us like rain.
They sent drones. He returned them.
Wi-Fi on. Above, drones listen, intently.
A billion likes. Still no cure.
The music's over; rest in peace.
Wedding night. "Table for one, please."
Had an argument with death. Lost.
Bus was always coming.
I nearly went to work today.
"What? HA! Reading instructions are for..."
Something about him wasn't quite human.
"You're not gonna shoot me, babe"
I escaped drugs by doing them.
As she left, he loved her.
Delete the Contact: Dad? [Yes] [No]
She deleted me from her life.
Saved her dog, gained a friend.
I think she's our Jane Doe.
Look at all that DNA. YIKES!
Meek's over Drake. Drake's under Nicki.
Empty house. Damp footprints beside bath.
Found: wedding ring in seedy motel.
"Welcome home Dad" the stranger said.
Fear of loneliness made her stay.
The deaf schizophrenic suddenly heard voices.
"There is no God!" proclaimed Satan
Ouch! My butt's gonna hurt tomorrow
Storm clouds gathered in her eyes
Midnight. He's buying beer alone. Again.
She is the devil in disguise.
His wounds healed. His pride didn't.
Found condoms. I'm on the pill.
Spieth three putts. Loses the Open.
F**k this s**t! I hate censorship!
Relationship expired before the valentine's chocolates.
Lovely day, to take my life.
"Will you marry me?" "Ew no."
They're not mushrooms, hon. They're eggs.
Great people are not always great.
I died again in my dreams.
Up, down, all around....Please go.
"This time, I promise" he repeated.
Found out she needed more anesthesia.
She will live. Leave this moon.
Gmail available from afterlife. 2-step verification.
Almost no villain started that way.
Not every villain started that way.
Started thinking in six word stories
"If I had a nickel for..."
Aliens make contact, DNA match humans.
Sea levels still decreasing warns scientists.
It's Goofy time! No Dad, no!
Planet death imminent: global response required
You are still in my dreams
And on your left is corn
I want everything you are not.
The doctor's face said it all.
World's Best Cynic questions his victory.
"We're gathered here today... once more..."
I followed the lonely lady, undetected.
"They've made a decision. I'm sorry."
I love you, but not today.
Murder victim's parrot has her scream.
Her first words were her last.
Put it there with the rest
New text message. Not coming home.
Heartbreaking six word story: somebody dies.
And to think, you're somebody's daughter.
I'm sorry that I loved you
I don't care about anything anymore.
She removed heart emojis, I didn't.
Alcohol reminds me to forget stuff.
Ignoring explicit requests, bride's father appeared.
For every star, a man wandered.
I'm hungry, just not hungry hungry.
I really have to pee. Bad.
A blank gravestone, surrounded by roses.
"That's not right," whispered the monster.
forget me so i can die.
Trump bought Diebold. Shit, we're doomed.
Women's room mirror, men's room window.
Dialled 911, "Please hold the line."
Warm toilet seat. I live alone
"You're perfect to me," she lied.
I made food. It wasn't eaten.
Bought her birthday present, a coffin.
Smothered him with love... and pillow.
I believe tomatoes are actually fruit.
Church, I thought. I should go.
God is real, and he's malevolent.
Eventually won "love you more" battle.
Fell asleep. Woke up somewhere better.
"You will remember my name" - Unknown
Finished baby room. Got my period
The babysitter isn't answering her phone.
She bent down - lacing his shoe.
Greek Myth TL;DR: Zeus had sex.
She tried, then he couldn't anymore.
"Suicidal....Correction... Dead Divorcee wins Lottery."
Dominatrix sleeps with a teddy bear.
How many words am i supposed
Down on luck man wins lotto!
Forgot to clear. Browsing History. Crap.
I am an Island...its safer.
Sixwordstory: "Prepare uranus.", replied "Minus prepared."
Breaking! Breaking! Reddit buys Voat. Breaking.
My short-term memory proved very short.
**Bought her birthday present, a coffin.**
Bought her a gift, a coffin.
Darkness Next Exit. Made a U-Turn.
I climbed in her casket, too.
"I do" they said. Both lied.
Totally irresponsible! Get out! The booze.
Won the Lottery! Which was nice.
Real? Our eyes aren't even real!
Cancers suck. And so do Virgos.
Hair grew back - no more hats!
Turmoil inside equals dead people outside.
What's with all the depressing stories?
Good thoughts...Good thoughts...Good thoughts...
Seat belts make it hard too...
A cautionary tale...Iove, greed, betrayal.
Gambling debts. Wife taken as payment.
Many men met, only one returned.
I trusted her, i was wrong
It's over; I'll never be sober.
I don't think I know myself.
Digging graves in advance, he wept.
Dug my never conceived daughter's grave.
She masked the pain by drinking.
"He's dead." "No!" "It was heroin."
"Best friend" is a relative term.
I can't remember what I've forgotten
First there was Silence. Then Violence.
At least the nightmares have stopped.
We had a beautiful thing. Why?
This sleep wasn't worth drooling for.
"Wow thanks Grandma." "Here's the receipt."
I have a tendency to overdo things.
Caveman no see TRex behind him....
r/sixwordstories relocated to r/sixwordprompts. Content unchanged.
Noose. Body. Note. Layers of dust.
Why wasn't I enough for you?
Timetravel. I discovered the secrets of...
The Darkness Ahead. I make a U-Turn
Names for a stillborn baby girl?
Time travelers arrived. Nobody beyond 2054.
I can't hear the rain anymore.
I've lost someone!!, Last Seen: Tomorrow!
Identities were reduced to a statistic.
A torn condom united two faiths.
Engagement Ring for sale, barely worn.
Brother, don't turn away from me.
Dear future me, what about now?
She makes that dress look good.
Her heart of stone was hereditary.
Has LHC destroyed world yet? Yes.
"Darkest before dawn." The meteorite approached.
"Who's gonna dig the graves?" "Nonebody."
My kitty cat, you understand me.
Best friend found a new one.
"I CAN MAKE MY FORESKIN SING!"
I forgot the day you left
Dear past me, you'll get better
Broke a program. Missed a semicolon.
Dinosaurs eat man. Woman inherits Earth.
Broke a curfew, missed a period.
Superheroes to United Nations: You've Failed.
"Why does she not love me?"
His last migraine was his worst.
Terrified, he turned around. Big mistake.
Posted. Reposted. Forgotten. Found. Reposted.
Plastic flowers, a layer of dust.
I don't want to live. Bang!
Sometimes it was consensual with him.
Falling for you harder each second.
I write about suicide too much.
The blond Martian kissed me goodbye.
But reality became my dream, forevermore.
Strangers. Friends. Best friends. Lovers. Strangers.
The world feels awful at midnight.
I think the acid kicked in.
I'm most lonely in a crowd.
Are you my mother? Not anymore.
God came in third place yesterday
Then the aliens drew their guns.
If you ever leave me baby,
Immortal murderer receives the death sentence.
I'm still cleaning up your mess.
ICan'tFindTheSpaceBar.
Houston, problem:terminal. God bless. Goodnight.
"You never care." "Why should I?"
My dreams are no longer reality.
And once again, man discovered fire.
I'm always lonely around other people.
The emergency room: just the beginning.
Community Challenge #12 - Reddit in the News!
Then, my nonexistent life flashed by...
I saw myself in the obituary.
Last call, then bottled solace ends.
"Orders, General?" "Tonight, let's give tanks."
Sometimes, it's appropriate to abandon dignity.
We could not stop the gunman.
"You and what army?" "This one."
I will quit procrastinating from tomorrow.
It doesn't matter. You got paid.
"I cannot yell!" yelled Old Yeller.
From stage 2, to stage 4.
King William the Concurrer. Well-loved. Briefly.
She left me for my friend
"I'm not a wimp" He whimpered.
Venus and Mars serenade missing Earth.
Get car, get job, pay hospital.
New Horizons photographs runway on Charon
They put a minion on it
Why did you rat me out?
Zoo. Just a dog. Shi tzu
"I like you too," she said.
I kept her eyes with me.
She got ring; I got her.
Car broke down; almost avoided funeral.
She said holes make condoms aerodynamic.
I swiped left on my wife.
I wonder what it's like to........
Sun true cause of global warming
Crash
Losing one future means others open.
I am a copy of myself.
Hung by the neck, till free.
Life was musical, you should've danced.
Lament! They were right all along!
Across sky: "Sorry humans. Savepoints installed"
Reincarnation: Your life with no savepoints.
My kid learned my username today...
Cuba election results: a generational shift.
Dug a hole. Buried my revenge.
Sticks. Stones. Swords. Bullets. Bombs. Banks.
Tell them... it's a war game.
Tears put out my birthday candles.
Lawyer fees. Visiting hours. Shared memories.
Social pressure plus curiosity equals LAID.
The verdict? Saint, yes. Angel, no.
Free: one soul (in mint condition).
LOST: Time-traveling cat. Last seen: Tomorrow.
Team of infinite monkeys write Shakespeare.
White wine in a coffee cup
Dug my grave... Couldn't fill it.
The pious cackled at Earths end.
Parachute failure; lifetime to fix it
I have shit sixteen times today.
Church finds new messiah. Jesus Out!
Mother said that she knows best.
"God Sues Man For Copyright Infringement"
Outside making snow angels, in shorts.
I can do this, right... Right?!
"Humans and their plans," God laughed.
Outside pawnshop. Playing to keep guitar.
SIL wanted sex. I refused, initially.
NSFW...meh *click*... NSFL... shit *click*
Our unhealthy friendship ended without warning.
Baby's first breath after mother's last.
Graveyard shift in a makeshift man.
Each monkey types exactly six words.
Bitch I ain't ask for diet
Truman Ave installed in downtown Hiroshima.
Hi, Mom... I guess I'm dead.
Humanity survived. Skynet judged us worthy.
Who cuts the grass in hell?
Join the Army, see the war/ld
"PLEAS DON'T!" she loosened her grip.
Pao, Pao, fight the Pao wah
Finite amount of six word combinations.
My digital existance in one sentence.
When did I get so old?
Quit smoking meth near the baby
Darude: du du du du du
"Who are you to..." "HULK SMASH!"
I always come up short
Time travel inventor killed at birth.
The noose broke. But I didn't.
wife's here, actually is kill. spooky.
He met her online, she didn't.
'Till Death do us part. Ha.
Naught but driftwood joined me ashore.
Finally, light has beaten the darkness.
Suicide Hotline hold music doesn't help.
Mom doesn't remember me anymore.
I'm smurt cuz I'm inn AP
But your story wasn't finished yet..
Husband exclaimed, "I don't know you!"
I just saw my reflection blink
The coroner arrived before her husband.
I have more legs than average!
I met my soul mate, she didn't.
I met my soulmate. She didn't.
I'll always be with you, always!
"Yeah, just shave it all off"
Slave escapes, but canoe and sea...
I woke up next to her
I mourned her as I woke.
Mirror shards reflected her shattered will
One last night......for a lifetime.
"You bitch! I cried for you!"
I am gonna like it here.
"/r/happy has more subscribers than /r/sad"
That was the last recorded upvote.
Her last breath said, "I love.."
"Cancer, my ass!" He retorted, jumping.
I'm Lonely. Can we please talk?
The haunting memories of lost love
Rewind to all the happy memories
Auchwitz, eh? Doesn't sound so bad...
We used to write stories here
mistakes repeated have now become decisions.
I had dreams. They were crushed.
Lemon trees are cause for promiscuity.
No food. No water. A rope.
I found my dead pet today...
Ma's deceased. Ringing phones remind me.
She accidentally hit the engagement option
Do not shake or it will
Eight hundred dollars, please drive up.
I beat cancer one last time.
"We're the only humans left, m'lady"
Family leader before I was ready.
"Just invest in the next future..."
You can't miss what's never lost
You can lose what never leaves
Thank god facebook stalking isn't criminal.
Subserviently, she demanded missionary. Meekly enforced.
Your dog licks better than you.
"Table for one?" "The usual, please."
Teen maturing, unobservant of parents aging.
It is over. I moved on.
The mantel was finally taken down.
1 spy, 2 bosses, 3 bullets.
Man's best friend shits on carpet.
"I will never tell," he said.
My therapist told me to forgive.
I miss the way things were.
I can't count to six.
Technology stocks unattainable, NYSE sharpening pencils
"Let's play fetch," said my dog.
He chuckled. She rolled her eyes.
While you're locked away, I play
Don't these condoms come in six-packs?
I'm so tired... I'll sleep later.
Crumpled my final pack of cigarettes.
I enthusiastically burned your olive branches.
Life's a bitch, then you die.
"Are you okay?" Thank you.
Can't put a price on ... nevermind.
Sadly, life's meaning needs seven words.
I found you at last! 404
"Don't tell anyone else," she repeated.
"Sorry, the heart emoji was accidental."
"Go outside!" ...I wish I could.
Descent of man; achieved by dissent.
I'm not sure I like this...
Nothing's scarier than having a plan.
This very day, one year ago.
I mowed the lawn naked today.
She is mine. I am hers.
"Have you seen me?" now 45.
Wearing orange so his son doesn't.
"Why me?" He asked his doppelgnger.
Packed my patience. United lost it.
She wants to see me now.
Hearse accident; none injured, one dead.
She left her husband's funeral grinning.
Said four words, replied with one
Wearing orange. Plea rejected. Brother protected.
It slipped right through my fingers
Cause of death: old age, hopefully
Another post, no comments...Okay then
Life's a bitch, then you die.
Mental Affairs won't leave me be.
Why am I not dead yet?
Honey, why do we look alike?
Velociraptors sure taste stringy, don't they?
I won't care when I'm dead.
Don't fail: you're our only hope.
With a kiss, he said goodbye.
the disparity was all too familiar
The last human ever to die.
Nothing to see here, move along
"Thank you for letting us go."
The whole thing came tumbling down.
That last cigarette nearly killed me.
Everyone is looking for somebody: me.
She slept on. Unknowingly, alone again.
The couple waited for acceptance letters.
To-do list: eat fresh, clear history
Shopping list: alcohol, cigarettes, prenatal vitamins.
The roses were in the trash.
She cries while I'm on Tinder
He traded life for her smile.
As the Universe ends, immortals despair.
You were here yesterday...What happened?
"Master of doom, by doom mastered."
My "new" parrot screamed "STOP HITTING"
What is success without failure? Failure.
Alzheimer's charity called: said I'd paid.
No Master, I won't. Not again.
Man kills last man on earth.
Not friends til death! Just friends!
The race ended, I beat everyone.
Five word stories? Five word speeches!
the humans are barking at me
He wanted to live a little.
That's mine. Don't pee on it!
Marriage: Field of Roses and Poo.
Always remember to finish what you...
Things to buy: pen, stationery, rope.
"Hid the money in the..." *dies*
These are my last six words.
Excessive alcohol. Girlfriend gone. Sheets wet.
you." Those were his last words.
Single handedly supporting the porn industry.
Love = Two Heartbeats. Betrayal = One Heartbeat.
I tried. I failed. I learned.
Life became packets and standardized tests.
Eventually the young soldiers were forgotten.
She lashed out. He looked away.
Every single person died. Lovers blamed.
Tell my ex I love her.
Now you can send me money.
Medals can't raise my daughter, sir.
My son. My soldier. My fault.
Bounty Hunter. Reward: His own Soul.
I found you at last! **404**
"How ya been? Since.. ya know.."
Pythagoras and his triangles: both right.
I'm sorry I'm still wrong, baby.
TOILET CLOGGED. PLEASE USE FLOOR BELOW.
To be unforgettable, did the unforgivable.
I am an AI. I think?
Your Privacy is Safe with Us.
I'm not the evil brother, brother.
Comments - How do I get them?
"But...I love you." "Just sign."
Panda Mating Fails; Veterinarian Takes Over.
Homeless find treasure, buys massive hotel!
I am an AI. I think.
Red or blue? Comments to decide...
These are mostly epigrams, not stories.
Died doing what he loved. Heroin.
She fought capitalism, shoplifting expensive handbags.
That asteroid isn't close enough to
20 GOTO 10
John Doe identified. News at 11.
One key left. One room unopened
Kidnappers shot dead, Search still ongoing.
Death will release me. Thank you
I wish you are mine.
My life measured: megabytes per second.
Six word
I'm out of time. And breath.
He died young. She died old.
"Son, apply that lipstick, you die!"
Man walks dog. Dog walks man.
Republicans won. We're moving to Canada.
I saw female neighbor in underwear
Then...sun worshipers prayed for rain.
He doesn't know we're eskimo brothers
I made a mistake saying yes.
Dear diary, They know I'm gay.
New virtual cube makes travel obselete.
"Sweetie, he's here. Call the police."
"Son, are you afraid of me?"
50% vote YES. 50% vote NO.
I arrived home safely. She didn't.
McDonald's Forcibly Closed After Serving People
I don't remember wishing for this.
My dog?! God no!.... Well... Maybe
50% voted YES. 50% voted NO.
Driving home an ambulance passed me
"Pluto is not a planet." Liar.
Your presence still lingers in here
Not my circus, not my monkeys.
"I love you" No period after
Buy Now: worn out, baby shoes.
Love of knowledge, hatred of learning.
They tried. It was almost enough.
Today would have been ten years
Nationwide riots imminent. Shut down Twitter?
Fell asleep. Supposed to mod. Fired.
"I'm sorry," but nobody was listening
I hope we are in love.
Social anxiety fucks your life up
You use me. I'm stopping it.
My wedding: wife's last family reunion.
"The show's started. WHERE ARE YOU?!"
"Mission Accomplished" in yet another country.
Failing cost his son's hero-worship.
Recently severed, he cheats no more.
"You planets have no life!" - Earth
She learned flirting before he did
He looked at me and smiled.
I was in love. He wasn't.
"Yes minions, celebrate while you can."
I hope that I was wrong.
Second wind came after last breath
We were in love. I think?
Blackout2015, Users don't give a shit.
It's not paranoia when you're right.
Ellen Pao deserves better than this.
...Two...One...Blast off!...KABOOOM...............*static*
I dodged a cannonball from you
Something something Victoria, something something private.
I trusted her with my throwaway.
Freedom of speech doesn't make money.
Finch, that's mom, Mom, that's Finch.
Reddit is dead. Long live Reddit!
[MOD POST] - Should sixwordstories go private
Blackout? I wanted my porn subs.
Lost my mind, I miss it.
Smile and nod, collect that check.
We are now a private sub.
Only place hiring's the murder business
One woman is fired. Reddit explodes.
Cash cheque. Change bills. Mold bullets.
I just can't pay anymore
Another North Korea story. Bitter anger.
Franz Ferdinand assassinated, reddit employee fired.
Some presents just stay wrapped forever.
Rules don't allow virgins. Consent optional.
He left his engagement band behind...
Taking the mods for a walk. (   )___
All subreddits are now in private.
Hung the moon with fishing line.
Maybe we will forever be never.
Smile at work Cry at home
World history summarized: "Blame the Jews."
I ~~never meant to~~ hurt you
Maybe If I Had Been There
Finesse. Finesse. Finesssssse. Finesse! BRUTE FORCE.
He said that he'll be back
No real AI. Exterminates humanity anyway.
Meaningfully, minuscule miniature molecular mammals migrate.
"How'd y'all meet?" "We swiped right."
Earth was peaceful, before they arrived
This is not a normal church.
"Daddy, where did mom's hair go?"
All of us are distant relatives.
The bed feels empty without you.
It Started When I Was Eight..
I can't remember sober...probably best.
I see my untanned ring finger
I was locked in "Class sit"
Mother', 'Sister', 'Poacher', 'Blood'. Fading smells.
Abandoned school. Full of permanent records.
Her boobs knocked my glasses off
Selling Baby Funeral Shoes, Never Worn
Falcon nine rocket blows up again.
Mother', 'Sister', 'Poacher', 'Blood'. Fading smells.
'Mother', 'Sister', 'Poacher', 'Blood'. Fading smells.
The cub smelt 'poacher'. Then 'mother'.
My tears flow in lonely winds
But she couldn't save him anymore.
Sober for four years. it's awesome.
And the figure replied, "Your Soul..."
Trust me; I don't remember ANYTHING.
Too many peas in my potatoes.
Should have left, but didn't leave.
I kill things, it's my job.
Just one more mass grave....Right?
We came, we saw, we lost..
Community Challenges should be brought back.
Oncoming train. Bicycle brakes are broken.
"I would have"..."You didn't though".
A monster created by our love
Sober for 34 minutes. It sucks.
She still gives me the butterflies.
IRS and Devil announce formal alliance.
this time i will love her
We're only judged by parents' techniques.
Nothing sings quite like my phone
I came, I saw, I left.
Her mouth and eyes both smiled
"dancing to a song about heartbreaks"
"Future is now!" "Future sucks, then."
Bernie Sanders: least effective president ever.
Satellites are armed. Let them come.
Meet halfway between mars and venus
KNIFE-THROWING! NOW WITH NEW (experienced) TEACHER.
Six months to live. Now what?
Lame duck's apocalypse prevents Sanders' inauguration
But I'm not your student anymore.
Suddenly, tears fell. A summer storm.
But sir, I love you, sir!
Me. Her. Us. Family. Us. Me.
"I'm a deaf mute" he replied.
KNIFE-THROWING! NOW WITH NEW (experienced) TEACHER.
Early riser hates mornings. Loves kids.
one day I will try again
When in doubt, don't buy lemons.
Meet your clone at the supermarket.
All negative comments will be deleted.
Black smoke poured from little lips
"Humans: Fact or Fantasy?" hits shelves
Breeder mates Bulldog and Shih tzu.
"...and remember, NEVER. GIVE. ...eh, whatever."
Breeders successfully mate Bulldog and Shitzu.
Tell her truth. I lied to me
"White sands are made of these."
She learned my username. My throwaway.
The uber-rich, at war with reality.
"Make it stop!" cried Energizer Bunny
apology
WW3 is being waged right now
For sale: coffin, slightly used.
"Together forever!" - Another lie they said...
It rained heavily when he left.
Where did you sleep last night?
Mary Alice, what did you do?
Tyrannosaurus fossil found, with collar on.
I really wanted him to come.
I'm ugly. But I can sing.
Sheets stained with blood and semen.
"Why does she keep coming back?"
I live here, live in quotations.
"Are you a boy, or girl?" "..."
You promised. I stayed. You left.
"I respect your lifestyle," he lied.
A knife? Is there a cake?
110! 220! Damn it...lost it.
I can't tell a story in six
The last bee left stung me.
Please, no! My family needs food!
Stitched her heart to my chest.
i didn't come to find love.
Army people pawed pod people -- Army
"What if I use seven words?"
Everything's different; I feel the same.
just wanted to break the silence.
I have to rob you... Sorry.
This page [is] intentionally left blank
Now he'll wear whatever he wants..
I told her. She already knew.
'Hmm, that's new...' the Doctor said.
Saturday morning. Kisses. Coffee. Marriage certificate.
Last moments: danger theme and boom.
Python eats porcupine. Regrets it later.
Ignored  Mocked  Attacked 
Saturday morning. Kisses. Coffee. Marriage certificate.
I still upvote all her posts.
Flags burnt in freedom that night.
We now have become Half-Life.
Click, Click, Click, Click, Bang! Click,
The past is outside the house.
GOP predicts: Worst Hurricane season ever.
Your Smile Breathes Life Inside Me
I posted because my friend does.
It's hard to think of titles
Not depressed, just tired of living.
Gay marriage legalized. Earth continues spinning.
Church, I though. I should go.
I'm not up for this forever.
She called me by his name.
Should grow up, besides grow old.
Two days didn't last 24 hours...
The 'S.S. No Worries' began sinking.
LIKE CAR, KEYBOARD HAS STICK SHIFT
In your embrace, I discovered sanctuary.
Inbox: Official Boyfriend Policy Update. #721
'Had abortion, wasn't yours.' She said...
If he's you, who am I?
Convicted hacker escapes using hidden file.
He's never happy during happy hour
Hey, listen! Hey, listen! Hey, lis-*gurk*
Inbox: Official Boyfriend Policy Handbook Update.
'Twas m'beard, drove ye away
There's a pinin' in me, Mama.
Lost Cat: Last seen by highway.
I used to have a twin.
The razor blade didn't hurt enough.
They took our oceans and left...
I believed that I was okay
Photos are not a loving presence.
Speak to you shortly, she said.
Jet fuel can't melt steel beams.
A sharp object, and some courage.
RIP boiled water... you'll be mist.
Did you forget how to human?
Can a song tell a story?
Love, love will tear us apart.
But I'm not his "hostage" anymore!
Get back together with me, bitch!
I am a liar, that's true.
Last two soldiers drop their weapons.
Seen the news? THAT'S Why Vegan?.
Some would make us purchase AIR.
My fanfic, oddly, inspired death threats.
Fell in love, then fell apart.
"Capitalism..." [Sent from my great-grandfather's iPad]
The graveyard is all too crowded.
Finally got his wish... to speak
He gets promoted! ... to fall guy.
Cthulu's alarm Zodiac, minute before midnight.
He gets promoted! ... to fall guy.
Cell Phone detonator, one missed call
2am; the boardwalk carousel turns on.
I would love to quantify love.
We forgot you, demons. Please return.
I didn't make me this way.
Ghandi has entered the Atomic era.
what the fuck is this subreddit
Soldier every day. Crying every night.
I didn't want to, he did
Rent a politician company seeks funding.
Hardware accident. Man chokes own caulk.
Bored. Clicked Reddit. Bored again. Repeat.
"He was kind," soliloquized the priest.
Escaped to the vault... bombs fell.
UKIP wins 2020 election! Millions celebrate.
Hallelujah! Thank the Universe! I won!!
Time traveler convicted of postmeditated murder.
I don't like following rules.
The most epic fight every Tuesday
The toilet flushed, the war ended
three doors, one of them locked.
She loves me... she loves me!
Six Words Are Not a story
There's no time! Just follow me!
They won't. You might. I will.
I dont want what I want.
Everything's fine, close your eyes now
The war is over! dozens celebrate.
"Docking request denied." "Oh come on!!"
Shower chair and walker. Free!
With all whales dead, we've peace.
Killed all whites. Achieved world peace.
She kept yelling : Let me go!
Things Change. Perspectives Shift. People Drift.
Why can't you love like me?
Dry your eyes. Let's go home.
Why did I sell her memories?
She said : I don't need you.
Economists find economists rarely find anything.
Tears like raindrops polished empty caskets
My reflection smiles at me sometimes.
911? Help! I'm in- Call disconnected.
Activist for freedom, arrested; bail paid.
How many times must I... FUCK...
They come to life at night
"D'you love me?" "Why would I?"
UKIP wins 2020 election in upset.
I practice smiling in the mirror.
I'm allergic to the last food
My whole family is dead? Yea!
Munchausen's, hypochondria... Who am I kidding?
Nigel Farage officially elected Prime Minister
"We're leaving the EU" - PM Farage
I'll Be Part of This World
If this message reaches you, don't-
"I know you're sorry" she scratched.
"Aaauuughhh, it burns! Fuck you, Internet!"
Fuck her right in the pussy!
In that moment, they were free.
Pride, abandoment, invasions, death. "UNINSTALL, FAG!"
"But you're not dead?" "I am."
Author arrested for baby-shoe scam.
A Pole; saves lives, destroys souls.
Life seems easy, then youre born
I used to be a liar..
Until yesterday, wishes didn't come true.
Come out, it's gone... Oops, sorry!
But... if you're here... who's that?
"I'm fine," he said, and jumped.
They promised to make me comfortable.
God's not dead. He was sleeping.
--Homelessness and world hunger: issues resolved.
--World hunger and homelessness. Issue resolved.
UKIP wins and leaves the EU.
Putin declares himself Tsar of Russia
Putin declares himself Tsar of all Russias
Why wasn't I worth the effort?
I thought we'd be friends forever
"Sorry... there's no cure for telepathy."
The globe fell; Earth itself shattered.
A farce from cradle to grave.
Truth versus statistics. Guess who won.
She gave happiness she didn't own.
"... eating ... " - He said. In mouth, Bang.
They taught me love, and forgiveness.
No, Liz, look... I'm still me.
"... eating dinner ... " - He said. Solitary Bang.
Jerry was a race car driver.
I love the sex. Not you.
She hadn't expected Father's Day presents.
it is okay, it only smellz
Another empty bottle closer to full.
When mind says jump, you obey
I paid you, now do it.
The present is inside the house.
Butt sex sufficiently sophonsified their pomp.
Butt sex satiated their appetite firmly.
Another empty bottle closer to $5.
Kiss me like you used to.
I thought Twitter was short enough.
She hadn't expected Father's Day presents.
Downpour at funeral. We still dance.
Not invited to my own wedding.
Ulthonis dies raging, battling human invaders.
Rains at funeral, no one's wet.
I swore mom was buried here...
His heart's soft until he's hard.
An honesty nobody had asked for
Toothpaste can't clean out last night.
Government decides overreacting punishable by death.
Nightmares stay forever. Dreaming just now.
The obituary read "THIS GODDAMN TOILET"
Last we met, her love died.
Bitch said it was "God's will."
Outside shuttered banks,, the suicides begin.
Watching Norbit, I remembered Golden Child.
That's my organiser. What's "Death Note"?
Noah's Ark Launched, forgot the Humans
Mankind attains perfection; asks "what next?"
"They'll love me when I'm gone."
The Cure to Cancer, patent pending.
He jumped. Oh no, not again.
The headstones date was all wrong.
Just an extra, in your epic.
Text -"Your blood saved a life."
How is it 4 AM already?
I'm a magician. Tricks: Internet Escapism.
Shower goes cold. I'm home alone.
Removed Facebook. Isolated by social media.
UKIP wins election in stunning upset
He loved food more than life.
Do not destroy, my little one.
"I will die right here... tomorrow."
"We need to talk." "She died...?"
I feel safer walking fists up.
I have a confession to make
"It's okay, I'm a mourning person."
We remember: the fractured but whole.
Time travel just saved my death.
untitled
Finally broke down, registered a Pinterest
Mom, don't let him touch you.
Extremist sows death. Reaps not hate.
There is always a relevant xkcd
For sale: drafts by Ernest Hemingway
"You're evil me?" "No. You are."
"You're shaming our family. Stop writing."
Killer sows death. Reaps not hate.
Death sowed, but hate not reaped.
Taco bell? Again? I don't mind.
"You saved my life! Thanks, Obama!"
Just like the flowers, love wilts.
Bible study tonight ... locked and loaded
Friend, why can't I see you?
Everyone is just like you are.
Longest way round; shortest way home.
The plunger remained a futile effort
Lightning delays Blackhawk's Stanley Cup parade
Victims aren't extras to shooter's tragedy.
"Not just you. We're ALL Sims."
He hugged him past riot gear.
Her whimpers rippled across the silence.
I hid, grieving. She knocked, insisting.
The beast inside him killed again.
Airports bring rude to another level.
The murderer embraced the victim's mother.
Close your eyes. ..count to ten.
It didn't stop. It crushed her.
"Please, I'm innocent!" His last words.
Obese mother's daughter hates prep cheer-leading.
Cornflakes cornflakes cornflakes cornflakes cornflakes cornflakes
I just want to come home.
Travel
If you can read this, I'm
Isn't everything just motherfucking awesome, Liz?
The shower provided her only solace
Ha, yea right Skash. You bitch!
he was her last. she wasn't.
"Suicides illegal 4822301. You're government property."
"Names? Interesting concept," replied 345823111 thoughtfully.
"Forget your children. They'll forget you."
45 minutes gone, he hasn't noticed....
I am gay. Touch balls okay?
Don't know if I am awake
They all think I'm an extrovert.
Everyone thinks that I'm an extrovert.
JENNYBOT. I POSSESS YOUR NUMERALS. 0100001000101111111101101
Six words that'll make you cringe
Subjected to Fail, Rapidly Increased Improvement
Only death can stop the panic.
Easier to be demonized than understood.
Sixth words that'll make you cringe
Man receives extraterrestrial transmission. "Save us."
#JetFuelCan'tMeltSteelBeams
The program accurately renamed itself "Algorithmocracy"
Queen Elizabeth follows five second rule.
I can't breathe with you near.
Words, forgot them. Forgot them......words
"Wizards?" "They called them 'chemists'."
"When did you stop following dreams?"
Incisions, hooks, tighten the string... Smile!
Another tail forms. Regret swindling gypsy.
Father leaves; a Flag comes home.
The starving rat climbed the cradle.
Still prisoner, with a longer leash
Another incident with a dead fish!
Portal to Hell: Call Center Headset
They're not hoarding, They're just rich.
I think I saw a two.
Hello? Yes. This is her husband.
You made a backup, did you?
I figured out how clickbaits work!
I made a mistake. He left.
I miss your voice the most
I've got something for you, too.
We're all friends, friends love eachother
The rumor was real after all.
What did you expect; a unicorn?
First nudist president wont bare all.
To the victor goes what's left.
Humans: Earth's next inhabitants fuel source.
No, officer. She never came home.
"Yes, I ate dinner," I lied.
Looked in a mirror, saw nothing.
Missed opportunities, you won't forget them.
"I'm sorry." I hate death notifications.
"Help me understand" "I can't, sorry."
Wading through the red flag river
To fall asleep, my unachievable dream.
Salt water everywhere, mocking my thirst
Hopeless, he followed my next words.
If you're hers, can be mine.
"Not a big deal," He lied.
He only found peace in war.
"You lose, you fuck a beehive."
But thousands more loomed before him.
I was desperate. They all left.
I do not want to die.
Coffins: Buy one, get one free.
Two PCs. Neither work. Using iPhone.
"Smiles don't have emotions," he grinned.
Real life is pay to win
"The check is in the mail."
Old wine flows into the sewer.
Finally, I gave mummy flowers. Lilies.
One mother, two brothers, three dead.
She wore blue like my soul
Her gaze dropped as he asked
I'll never own a gun again.
Mom, what was Dad's name again?
And one day, he stopped snoring..
I miss you breaking my heart.
In 1000 ways was she different.
we weren't meant to be happy.
She told me, "You're funnier silent."
Sometimes she cries when she's sleeping.
"42 days accident free." Oh well.
He forced me to write this.
Happy family, two towers. mourning father.
I farted, and shit my pants
Two triplets, alone in the graveyard.
Fuck it, Dude. Let's go bowling.
Day 275. No land in sight.
Again, she awoke, he was gone.
Forever was not meant for us.
Fucking a beehive was a mistake.
She was a fire. Me? Ashes.
I returned home. Everyone still dead.
Rent or food. Why the choice?
Fulfilled my life dreams! Now what?
"It won't help. Nothing ever will."
Chop, chop, red grass, eat mass.
Crying, Cupid put his bow down
Her "forevers" were "for a while".
He lied, again. She just cried.
which of my family are you?
Her head hung low, motherhood erased.
It never fully healed after that.
Father's Day is just another one.
Your funeral will be on Friday.
Humanity died. Earth recovered. Nobody cared.
He died as he lived: alone.
I can't remember her voice anymore.
I should have known you would.
I want six syllable story threads.
No never mattered to my father
He said the treatment Wasn't working.
Xenobacteria excretes N2O. Humanity dies laughing.
"What's your gender, please?" "Trade secret."
We are only a draft, unsent.
Two birds. One stone. No birds
Warning: This is not a drill.
They Said He Was Half Horse
The wet hand wouldn't let go.
Xenobacteria exhales N2O3; humanity dies laughing.
They slept, he crept, one survived
narcissistic dreamer dreams up new identity.
She would have graduated this year.
"Those aren't clouds. Those are rocks."
No pets in the life boat.
I tried. She lied. I left.
I wish I could remember us.
Internet usage aggravates alien life forms.
She wins. I lose. He's happy.
Long legs. Short arms. Roommate... tyrannosaur?
She set his place again today
You left your phone here **Send**
Holiday of a lifetime, never again.
Hey, I want my candy back.
There is beauty! Don't be fooled!
Smile everyone! It's a short journey!
The voices tell me I'm normal.
Six word stories is really cool
Ellen Pao resigns; Reddit users rejoice.
Ellen Pao resigns as Reddit CEO
She didn't try, he didn't bother.
Some drinks. Bang. Silence. Another bang.
Damn, can we lighten up? Please
I couldn't remember her face anymore.
I finally found her last letter.
Optometry students mixer. Naughty pupils dance.
Her phone. Their chat. My tears.
Optometry students mixer. Naughty pupils dance.
Is she supposed to be pale?
He stopped. He dropped. He rolled.
It felt like flying, then...nothing.
Hands up. Wait, don't. Shots fired.
Life hurt. Death hurt even more.
Their carefree laughs were deeply burdened.
"Forever alone." "Leave your damn room!"
Last human on earth, Door knock
They applauded him selling the guitar
You just make me feel alone
He returned. It wasn't home anymore.
A sad one.
Why can't you be like him?
Will the real upvoter please stand up.
In R'lyeh, Dank Cthulhu waits memeing
I found your body permanently disfigured.
"You're a virgin, Mary" said God.
The Devil is hiding in churches.
My grave will read: 'He Tried'
Debt. Bills. Groceries. No job prospects.
Devil looked at him.. Saw himself.
You left since the first day.
In the door; out of control.
Isis archeology department: "We're record breakers!"
Teacher: "You're not special." Just wait.
There's no video. There's no charges.
Home for Christmas, one last time.
Black Woman. White man. Brown baby.
Black female. White male Brown baby.
I'm sorry... I should just go.
Food critic: "'Hot' sauce? Needs habaneros."
Hold up, check the chamber fir---
Broken air conditioner. Heat stroke imminent.
Poison's obvious? Tell that to Litvinenko.
Im too drunk to taste this...
Is it raining where you are?
I wanted absolutes; love isn't one.
I, once, was a man. Now...
Today you would have been seventy-eight.
It gets the worst at night.
Instead of life, he wanted upvotes.
Captain, we're outnumbered! Then die fighting!
There is nobody left to blame...
Why won't anybody drink my poison?
It can be Better, Keep Trying.
Forgive you? No, you know why.
No More Procrastination
"I love you." "Aw, you're cute."
Couldn't find street, turned radio down.
"What are you in for?" "Medicating."
Mother Earth. Mother Ship. No fuel.
Spent my graduation money on drugs
I am fourteen. This is deep.
Above your shoulder. A stuffed hawk.
Two decades of solitary broke him.
McDonald's drug deal going down outside..
I sit alone. Eyes are watching.
She knows she read our chemistry.
"Married, but she's away this weekend."
Poison? Too obvious. But thanks anyway.
The box, the tears. My fianc
Can't eat. Can't sleep. Relapse imminent.
I made /v/sixwordstories. Go to there.
One word down, five to go.
I let myself get this sick...
Some of these need an editor.
You are not my mom, dad!
She was wet, he was hard. Motherly love.
Graduation was the opposite of freedom.
Drunk. Rehab. Sober. Love. Family. Drunk.
Sixwordstories stays away from reddit drama
Can't find reset button...for life.
A squared, B squared. See? Squared.
Rise of "safe spaces," hail Pao
The silenced masses grew much louder.
Every woman is superhero Ice Woman.
Waiting..waiting...waiting...waiting...*POP*...Toast!
Wait. My son wrote this erotica?
Sneezed doing 80... 17 car pileup.
Snowden's BMI approaches 30. Reddit... conflicted.
Their walls didn't inhibit our bullets.
BOOTY BOOTY BOOTY BOOTY ROCKIN EVERYWHERE
Two hearts; oblivious yet strummed together.
"Lord, I have sinned!" said Hitler.
"She cured cancer." "Really nice tits."
The wake dispersed, forgetting her cat.
Youth: nothing but lust and wanderlust.
Clever toast, forgot the damn butter!
Sure sounds like onomatopoeia to me.
Do you hate being clever, too?
He entered, stayed briefly and left
I haven't smiled since she left.
To survive, he'd drink anything. ANYTHING!!
First Rule: Only break one law.
Homeless, sleeping outside church. please help.
Simplicity: Impossible to f*ck it up.
Doctor's wife ate apple a day
An ellipsis... Is not always necessary
Cops won't enforce 'bad cop' law.
Battered and bruised, but still surviving.
A light once gone, now renewed.
Just once permission would be nice.
"Six words? Impossible." -My dumb friend
I hope my pancake won't bur-
She should be my significant other.
She spelled million with a v.
Tighten. Locate. Inject. Breathe. Push. Fly.
Soggy newspaper beat the weather blue.
At least vomiting helps me cry.
I hate myself, but love life.
It turns out she is married.
You said you didn't like guns.
It didn't taste like human flesh.
I swore I had a parachute.
I gambled on you...I lost.
More of the same. Then death.
Child High, Lich's Cry - "I'm un-DAD!"
Not like this. Not like this.
"Boom," said the Yellowstone Super Volcano.
He told her it was consentual
Reddit: Cat, Cat, Dead child, Cat
Watch me make bad financial decisions...
Boom
"Dinner first?" "Nah, not worth it."
I hug my hundred ghosts goodbye.
He watched himself slowly become normal.
Conspiracist discovers cabal headquarters. Or synagogue.
"Cheating, are we? Relax, me too."
Certain things are easier without morals
I'm not short one word. Anymore.
The ambulance will come. You go.
I'm no sissy hippie about death!!
"Tinnitus really sucks." It actually rings.
You drug addict, jailbird, insane Irish!
The whisp dove above lucifer hummingbird
Trusted a fart. Shit those pants.
Anxiety found me in my dreams.
"Any regrets?" "Wish I'd slept more"
Tried my best;Wasn't good enough.
Not a threat, kill on sight
I see monsters. Only in mirrors.
OPs are always faggots. Except me.
"You'd understand if you were younger"
Doctor Kanye West. Pretty huge Dick.
3000 year-old poetry by "Kanye"
Given 0% chance of survival, twice.
Recalcitrant neophyte hamstrings prose with thesaurus.
Sobriety. Not how I remembered it.
Mom forgot my name, remembers yours.
"Thanks American Pharaoh"- surviving cancer patient.
Moles are like freckle's ugly cousin
The game is far from over.
I didn't want to hurt you
"I can't marry Clones. Only Originals."
An ancient art they called programming
"We killed Hotler!" "Future is saved!""
Two sets of parents. Both fight.
She had bitten all over herself.
Maybe I'm just being a dick.
House flooded, stuff ruined. Dog's Ok
Gold coffin stolen, left bones behind.
Clicked on link. Now on watchlist.
He forgets anniversaries. I 'forget' too.
Bang &gt; Intelligent humans &gt; Time travel &gt; Big
Bang &gt; Humans &gt; Time travel accident &gt; Big
Pregnancy test positive? Take the cyanide.
Bang &gt; Intelligent humans &gt; Time Travel &gt; Big
The sun fell, gradually all melted.
Shuttle overshoots Mars. Unknowing settlers wave.
Businessman finishes wrapping presents, "From Government."
Love-proofed life. It still got in...
"Never eat poop, you sick fuck."
Just leave it unsaid, she said.
Turns out he wasn't gay. Awkward.
Problems overcome with application of violence
We saw it move. "Burn it."
The antidote didn't work... brains... Braaaaains.
It won't hurt, I promise. *bang*
Deafening was the silence of the bomb
You. Me. We. Us. Now him?
Little brother, always Luigi, never Mario.
"We lied... Earth... is... no more..."
Timmy gets candy. Timmy reported missing.
Sorry, I only have one dollar.
"This will wow them!" Zero upvotes.
and then she answered my call...
Your cheating. No I'm not.
Palestine
T'was final; a coward's thousandth death.
Posts on Subreddit. Gets no upvotes.
Showers no longer made her clean
Lost my car, lost my family.
Thank you for killing her, son.
Life's a farm; I'm growing turnups
"Don't let me fall!" You jumped.
"Bring Terry back!" Death sighed. "NO"
They realised there wasn't enough graves.
Some first settlers wave, overshooting Mars.
His car crashes. Reason: "Her voice.. "
And yet, it all still moves.
Maternity position available (12 months): Reverend
"Did he died?"  "SURE he did."
Mothers do have favorites. You're mine.
ok can u pls lv now?
I'm broken. You still love me.
Everything I did, I didn't enjoy.
Death, I noticed, became the norm.
Revenge seeking angry cartoonist draws blood.
"I think I did okay!" [EXPLOSION]
-Honor matters?- silence was his answer.
Always the bridesmaid, never the groom.
Only in sleep was she awake.
His red eyes saw only blue.
Drunk mind speaks a sober heart
I can't sleep without her ashes.
Red genitals aren't always excessively pleasured.
Dear Journal: You're my diary now.
Her voice on radio.. Car crashes.
"Sup?" they both asked. Neither answered.
Why? Because you're on reddit now.
For sale: wedding ring, slightly used.
Sorry, the always silence scares me.
Choking on the memory of you.
It was not "just a phase"
I want to go. I can't.
He tripped and farted, oh shit
the feeling of falling down the stairs.
"When Jesus comes back we're leaving."
I shit my pants, nobody noticed.
Suffered for fashion to die beautiful.
"i had the worst fucking day"
"Apologise to me", said the unforgiveable.
A Camera. A Woman. A Man.
So ends my parents' cruelest joke.
"I'm the youngest orphan/oldest child."
The hand in mine, now gone
Don't watch an anime called Boku!
Cupid's got a motherfucking bazooka tonight.
"They know"."who are they?"."shh"
He laughs, but is still mad
Monkeys shout, on a blue speck
"Is that your blood?"."no"."shame"
Softly, gently, pillow over her face.
Chaos ended, one scream was heard.
12, Knowing everything. 80, Knowing nothing.
Seven blind mice, One Happy Cat
Rain dropped down with the bombs.
He spoke, but said no words.
Only months to live, years ago.
"Customer's always right." "You're a student!"
One by one heaven emptied, searching.
Puppet smiles maniacally, "No strings attached."
"Customer's always right." "You're a student!"
"Customer's always--" "Knowledge's earned, not bought."
Thank you for tiring me out.
"Customer's always--" "Knowledge's earned, not bought."
She was amazing. And was Amazon.
Set a date, then googled, "noose".
Smoke Weed Everyday. Make Dank Memes.
"Hey, where are you from?" "Earth"
What could have possibly gone wrong?
Faith. Probably not her real name.
time machine. I inadvertently invented a
Left alone it all became about.
Realization is Precursor to Desired Change.
Exit holes in the bulletproof vest
Killed men: medal. Loved men: discharge.
I want to die right now.
Lastly, manslaughter was her man's laughter.
Now I understand why dad left.
Revolutions start; revolutions end. World spins.
"Crime?" "No." "It''s white-collar." "Oh, okay."
"Customer's always right!" "But this's university..."
"Customer's always right!" "But this's college."
"Crime?" "No." "It's white-collar." "Well, okay."
Sexually depraved neurosurgeon caught blowing minds.
Thick blood doesn't make new friends.
Where ever she ran, he followed.
Starters are the best main course.
"It's been forever! You... Okay?" "No..."
"Check Engine" - my son's night light.
"Tie a noose." "...Why?" "Just... Because..."
Do you even know I exist?
If broke, don't fix; I fix.
He ran, looked back, tripped, died.
"Will you let me hate you?"
Divorce Papers Served. Flipping the bird!
"Knock knock." "Who's there?" "Your father..."
Hitler talks to God in Spanish.
SCOTUS announces Jeb Bush wins election
When I'm beside myself, I'm myself.
Alzheimer's saw that she died twice.
Seven frabjous people depart study room.
Dentist's wife ate apple a day.
Silent apartment welcomes home newly-divorced father.
Black/white, rich/poor, nickleback blows.
Drunk parents, sunburnt baby, unhappy campers.
Dying God needs to be needed
All dreams continue in the beyond...
Last of her, down the drain.
New in country, happier than ever.
He Lied. Free ride? She died.
Had hair, now gone. Cancer sucks.
Last to dinner, first to leave.
Buffalo, Buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo.
Since then, he's only worn longsleeves.
Last to dinner, first to leave
Stop using ad hominem, you moron
Rain fell, making her tears invisible.
I'm not okay and that's okay
I got upvoted for my story.
Being happy was(n't) worth the price.
Sparkling, iridescent oil. Dull, brown eyes.
the last roll of toilet paper.
"It's not like prostitution" she lied.
And this will all happen again.
"My new movie's out".. Said God.
Be patient, OP will surely deliver.
Smart rebels always hideit the best.
"Love you honey" said the stranger.
These aren't stories; don't kid yourselves.
He will come home. He will.
Human population, alien visitation, Earth's emancipation
They named him "Lucky". Silly parents.
Lovesick AI sighs adrift in space.
Lovesick AI sees them together everywhere.
Lovesick AI sighs, initiates self-destruct sequence.
Repeat after me: "I am free"
Judge couldn't stomach what I'd done
New bride... won't be the last.
Death sentence lead to life sentence.
"I miss what we once had"
None would ever know his name
I was his last phone call.
The Best Stories End Suddenly And -
It just doesn't feel the same.
new stepfather wearing dads old pants.
I remember being able to dance.
Casual Encounters: recovering monk seeking bbw
His beatings reminded me of home.
Having lost her, he died alone.
Trying to write a six word story.
Last nights Game of Thrones; Incredible.
"Happy Birthday!!" Said no one *sigh*
The blast caused a deafening silence.
The Game. You just lost it.
War hero awarded, gave up arms.
It was a test, you failed
This abortion saved millions of lives.
The mirror showed the wrong person.
Devil, still confused, bans snowball fights.
Anyone else's Christmas tree still up?
Everyone knows that ghosts don't piss!
Pain is inevitable, suffering Is optional.
Embrace he gives. Strength he gains.
Bridge burned with me on it.
Six Word Story
Love arrived. He shut the door.
Calculated risk, very bad at math
Missed his wife, the bullet didn't.
Two is Company, Three's a Massacre.
Lost his wallet, love and life
Don't know anymore. Never really knew.
He was the best, nobody knew
Enough! This has gone far enough...
because self destruction sure beats studying
Ah Ah Ah, Hard as Steel!
..."Hello father"...the newborn didn't reply
He saw home...it stared back
He thought she was always faithful.
Only dreams could emulate her beauty
They thought it was for nothing.
Guys! I think I disarmed the-
Man, Ape, Lizard sign Peace Accord
Slow cooking is best for flesh.
"We spared no expense," he lied.
I never knew, as to why.
Broken and empty, he sits alone
"Oh shit, I forgot my pants"
Meow, Meow. All humans,suck! Meow.
"YOU'RE the villain! I'M the hero!"
He signed divorce papers with regret
Racks, hunnids on yo titties, bitch.
Last Recording: Nuclear detonator needs work.
Most masterworks were actually never finished.
Death came in my back door.
"I'm broke," said the city banker
Please just let me die alone
Denial echoed off the crumbling buildings.
"Do I trouble your mind yet?"
Today was tomorrow yesterday... What now?
Scars are what makes us beautiful.
"Does it feel like a trail?"
I wish I had known you.
The Sirens Started Two Minutes Late.
I wish there had been, more
"I love you, now shoot me."
It turns out, he couldn't fly.
I guess it's just a gift.
there are no candles in paradise
"I couldn't stop her, she jumped"
*Independently not pretending to like nirvana*
no. we tried to kill it.
His old life disintegrated on reentry.
I deleted your number, you texted...
"This ship is unsinkable," they lied.
I don't know if I'm still alive.
'The Mothership is standing down.' *cries*
I'll never know how it ends
He wandered, scared; lost himself, blissfully.
And god said: "Let them die".
Death came through the doggy door.
Planning an exit with no splash.
Goodbye note clashes with her smile.
"My drunk friends don't leave. Help..."
Suicide note clashes with her smile.
"Abbreviations aren't, shouldn't 'nd won't be accepted."
Trapped beneath rubble, he tapped. Nothing.
The Middle East warred. Drought crept.
Unemployment never knocks. It crashes in.
There. I think I live there.
My house got purged again. Damn.
You're not foolin' me! Oh? Nevermind.
You Poseurs! Real terrorists use Cyanide!
The beast requested, about Three Fifty.
I have never been so upset.
I told her not to wander.
The empire's unity burned with her.
Now accepting mod applications in r/anarchy!
I believe LIFE begins at ERECTION.
Woe is not me; it's you.
My cheek had many a tear.
I have. Nothing else. To see.
Need a volunteer and 9 months
But this Stranger, you know well.
What a difference a day makes.
I wish I could be more.
My loves wider than Victoria Lake ...
It seemed worthwhile ... at the time.
Friend. Lover. "Side girl." Bathtub. Razorblades.
In my dreams you never left
Let's fuck, I ain't Amish anymore.
"Tell me, what's your poison?" "Polonium."
Planetary independence day: entire Mars rejoices.
"...so now we're trying her sperm."
Amidst Middle Eastern wars, crept drought.
Amidst war, unnoticed , came the drought.
Mute girl murdered. Witnesses heard screams.
Come on baby light my fire...
We fall. We rise. They fall.
I love you. I hate you.
"Don't tell your mother I'm drunk."
"this is it; I'm really dying."
Tomorrow today will be yesterday's news.
I couldn't get to the bathroom.
Strength lies. Within. Decades pass. Frailty.
"I'm guilty..." Lawyer: Shh! Judge: Innocent!
My hand hovers over the button
I'm holding hands with the devil
To be last is to lose.
They rescheduled for the sixth time.
"Told you so," said the cynic.
Overdraft protection? No! Just decline dammit.
Angry stir fry? Just wok away.
The system breaks down, chaos resumes.
I call Jesus to the stand!
She sighed, signing his life away.
"What amazing breasts," thought the cannibal.
Soon, April showers. And I'll watch.
I've thrown out my rose-colored glasses.
You're not my real mum anyway!
I seek ghosts to find you.
This is all that's left? Shit.
Well, I certainly wasn't expecting that.
I'm a "who", not a "what".
47% cannot afford one medical emergency
Quiet! We don't want to wake...
The jewel dropped, ending a dream.
Nevermind about calling for the midwife.
All that strain for no flush
She bore a son, "we bow."
We've killed God...so who's next?
The sign read: "No Terrestrials Allowed"
I still remember everything you forgot
"The paranoid boxer guillotined his bread"
"Son, sometimes Excel can beat AI."
I missed. Story of my life.
"Why won't you look?!" said Medusa.
Several Ambien later, she texted me.
"University is for advocacy, not education"
Leave everything behind, including your bodies.
2050: Cyborgs unionize for equal rights.
Man surprised by his own eulogy.
For sale: Baby shoes, never worn
Come see our new Human exhibit!
"New PB? That's..." "For days lived." "...great."
Woman in red, seeks Mr. Left.
The child's grown, the dream's gone.
Inner child walks empty golden hallways.
"He'd never leave me", she thought.
They burned Fahrenheit Four Fifty One.
The Socially Awkward fear the eyes.
The suicide bombing industry is exploding
When I leave, will you follow?
This feels like love to me.
Forever a friend, never a lover.
They came, I did not speak
You! The 'extra' in my 'ordinary'.
I'm having trouble remembering to forget.
Museum's coprolites, not any old shit.
"...guess they forgot to bomb us?"
War does not only hurt enemies.
How much cocaine is too much?
New Currency. Prices double; Wages don't.
Not happy with anything at all.
I'm unsubscribing from this sub now.
Do you feel adulthood creeping in?
Damn it. It was just.....Fuck.
One country. Two religions. No country.
Journalist meets tree head on. Accidentally.
I've got bruises from that!
In his field, the farmer's outstanding.
Civil war trudges on, strangling anamnesis.
7,000,000,000 souls. We settled, didn't we?
Civil war trudges on, killng anamnesis.
7,000,000 souls. We settled, didn't we?
She's the echo of my scream.
Click. Pass. Click. Pass. Bang. Run.
Gun's don't kill people, rappers do.
"Accio pen... ... ... Huh?" Monthly check succeeds.
"Accio pen... ... ... Huh?" Monthly check succeeds.
Took your keys off my ring.
Didnt understand how to use apostrophe's
"Accio pen... Huh?" Monthly check succeeds.
Another empty bottle closer to dad.
"He was loved", the euology lied.
We stood distinct, but sometimes close.
Failed suicide. Received work safety lecture.
Mother falsely identifies body, freeing son.
They say I'm "Untapped potential", Sir!
he left for cigarettes, never returned.
"Yeah, I call her Kintsugi now..."
"My imaginary friend came back, doc!"
"He got the funk, so what?"
I dreamt that I was old.
Can you see what I see?
Man, the word "friend" really hurts...
Those who submit, will go unharmed.
I miss the girls from detox.
Lady, will you be mine forever?
Dreams are better than real life.
Two men enter. Three men leave.
Two to the head. Ruled "suicide".
no destination, asleep on the bus
The last chrononaut killed himself twice.
"Fucking fucked fuckers fucked me. Fuck!"
I dreamt that I was old.
Beating the Odds
Shaving donkeys is illegal in denton
"Fuck me, got a sinus headache."
Procrastination - Making a better today, tomorrow
"I never promised anything," he laughed.
When many stop fearing the few
Our history and sins became fallout.
"Can you come identify the body?"
It's still strange being grandpa's grandfather.
"Goodbye," He said with a push.
"Mommy, is 'remission' good for daddy?"
To buy: old man's mittens, well-worn.
First words were his last words.
"Are you sure?" asked the gun.
Sabotaged my restaurant. Ramsay didn't show.
Her old house had more trails.
'What the hell are you!?' 'RAAAWR!'
He came. She saw. Not anymore
"Shhh, don't get caught speaking English."
"Today, we tell your secret." "Immigrante?"
Nurse quiets. Ultrasound with no movement.
It read: "I wish someone asked."
raped. murder. prison. raped. murder. executed.
The gun jammed, ending his spree.
I need you to be there
"Baby clothes for sale, never worn"
"Time is up" said my therapist
It's not me who like spicy!
Walls so hollow, filled with validation
"It's not illegal", the officer lied.
She lay, deaf to my song.
I heard laughter. I live alone.
One wanted love, the other sex.
"What are you..." the gun fired.
Dammit, dammit, dammit, dammit, dammit, dammit.
Body is sore; so many bruises.
"I was buried with my testament"
A farewell kiss, "see you tomorrow"
He said "daddy" once, then nothing.
They couldn't barrage the Farage
below the bridge, he fell alone.
"My son actually wears it better."
Why are destinations so important to mortals?
I don't care where I'm going.
"So, humans were just brain transporters?"
Her words shouldn't have mattered, but...
Sleep. Wake up. Loathe. Cry. Repeat.
Sleep, wake up, loathe, cry, repeat.
She held me. She smelled her.
I was never taught how to count.
Mommy doesn't live here anymore, sweetie.
Cut short from saying something profound
'Define essential...' and the radio died.
"Why are you depressed?" "Why not?"
What happens if I write seven words?
[m4d] seeking deity for casual armageddon
"Undead: 'Life's wasted on the living.'"
Dumpster full of silver anniversary invitations.
Snap! I'm the only child again.
Needless turns into needles too often.
I'm getting better at being me.
I never quite find an appropriate
"If we fall in love." "If."
I am happier on the outside
Exit your mind; enter the void.
Some day some night with you.
I wouldn't die for you again.
She's my love, I'm not her's.
I'm a little confused sometimes... Right?
UKIP wins 2020 Election in upset
Still alive. I'll try again tomorrow.
Comfort was Humanity's last Raison d'tre.
Romulus and Remus. Cain and Abel.
It's better for both of us.
"We'll be alright." Read the transcript.
Brakes went to the floor, oops!
"Wait, you guys didn't launch nukes?"
She's off dialysis; Scar still hurts.
Why'd you introduce Mom to Tinder?
I thought I still loved you.
The automaton felt...and it screamed.
The correct combination unlocked your placenta.
Some cause happiness wherever they go
I am happier in my head.
I guess its true what they...
A child on the red eye.
Life's the opposite of my dreams...
There's a baby in first class.
She's in love with my mind.
saddness
I put my walls back up.
Pillow talk turns into sweet dreams.
Alive, a creep; dead, a hero.
Rancid smoke. Delicious. Finally beat him.
Six word stories... Six word stories!?
Wake up. eat. drink. No sleep.
The world kept turning without her.
I whispered in a shouting world.
I awoke. Now you're gone forever.
I followed my heart, got lost.
I vividly remember when I died.
Your words always bring me back.
Tactics outdated. Technology, however, was not.
Our shadows are finally catching up.
"Orphan" has no equivalent for parents.
I finally got her recipe right.
CRAP!! well... we better learn Chinese.
One is Always behind inching Forward.
I'm so meta, even this acronym...
There are no words for this
I'd pick dying again over that...
Artwork employing / Constrained vocabulary: / Minimal haiku
Hey you, watch me die.
Choosing suicide over Alzheimers. But... when?
Oh my god! That wasn't chocolate!
"Mom, dad, I'm..." "We know, honey."
When did I get so cynical?
Bang! All my troubles were gone.
Dad was in the mirror today.
"What? But the tests were negative!"
He existed, only wishing he didn't.
She was odd - vacant. Totally alone.
Refresh. "You have no new messages."
Contractions wouldn't've been legitimate to Hemingway.
Boom boom ay, she is untouchable.
Death is dead, I rise again.
Deleting your number now-love you.
Can't we have a good time?
Oldest tools found; predate oldest humans.
Just a good six word story.
Why are these always about death?
You never really left my mind.
I'm sorry. I've found someone else.
I will never stand up again.
Sad cow, industrial slaughterhouse, happy meal.
We will see you... tomorrow night!
"One of my friends died there."
You're one-fourth orphan. Grandma told me.
My funeral was perfect today. Thanks.
Is there a subreddit for widowers?
Went through storage, threw out childhood.
The lottery was just selective socialism.
In the cornfields, the scarecrows ripen.
"Ever notice? Our neighbourhood's only cyborgs."
In the cornfields, the scarecrows ripen.
in the cornfields, undead men ripen.
"911, What's your- " "Giant chicken! ... CLUCK?"
Try not to remember I'm alive.
Please shoot me in my brain!
Beloved son has "the bastard's" eyes.
We made graveyards into gas stations.
Magic things are fond of deceptions....
"Can't see..." "What?" "I can't see!"
I bet the jews did this
One incomplete text, four incomplete lives.
She abandoned the man worth keeping.
I tickled her until she peed.
TSA accidentally let him pass through.
"Drinking is bad. Feeling is worse."
Life is amazing. Yeah, I'm bragging.
well, no. not really. more statutory.
"God dammit, I forgot the elephant!"
"I don't wanna be dead anymore."
Imagine this world without hypothetical situations
Cliffhangers are the worst thing since
I only wanted a perfect Soul!
Life is amazing. Not bragging; reminding.
Life isn't cheap, but it's frugal.
Hurry! Defuse the bomb before it--
This is probably my favourite anagram
"No photos of your dad?" "Mugshots."
God is love. What is love?
Depressing stories trying for lasting impact
I wish I'd taken more pictures.
My pillowcase smells like her shampoo.
"I doubt that's possible, Mr. Unicorn."
How did you die THIS time?
"But not you! You are different."
I am normal, this is awful.
"Cops!" We duck; playing outdoor's banned.
The law banning playgrounds passed unanimously.
I tried, but it wouldn't flush.
"Life's wonderful but-" "...NOTHING," finished Death.
With age, he quietly redefined 'success'.
Invitation cancelled. Earth can't agree flag.
Blue earth dreams sold: 20ml Oxymix.
She will never love me again.
Please call me back. I'm worried.
Careless adventurer, the dragon was satisfied.
I loved her when she couldn't
Dear God, It's me. Please stop.
I saw something you would love!
"Torturing him to death He's Immortal."
She was furious and heavily armed.
Nothing means anything; nothing means everything.
Poisoned water: a three day challenge.
We eat ribs with this dude!
Most Worthless Cunt Award nominees: Me.
"Where's my glasses?" *crunch* "Ow...Here..."
If only you washed those dishes.
You really shouldn't have trusted me
I still love you. Come home.
Today I died, tomorrow you live.
"You're married? You, I mean... You?"
Finally, I have conquered the cosmos.
"Erectile dysfunction," growled Superman, confusing everyone.
Help wanted: Two more pallbearers. Please.
TODO : Buy another 'Stop Procastinating'!' book.
her salami slaps are super delicious
"Hey bitch," said the dog's owner.
A gentle touch from the ax...
The doctors arrived just in time.
I live for everyone but myself
Have you seen, Curt's new Hat?
Same story, but words het rearranged
I'm working really hard, for death.
I'm nothing but an old man.
Life... my coffin. shut the lid.
Rent in Heaven is HOW MUCH?
Suicide is sad, am I right?
"Fabled Mable, Unstable, Cradled Soup Ladle!"
Another day, another six pointless words.
"Human? Humans earn more than $24,000."
Two clicks. Cleared history. Of mankind.
100 unread books, 1 beautiful fire.
Grandma couldn't remember my name today.
She's pregnant... I don't love her
They won't listen. I'll make them.
She never felt the same way.
Is it nuclear? Unclear...it is.
Computer history deleted. Preparations are made.
Roses cozen. Till, even they, shrivel.
First breakup. Worried. Confided my secrets.
Newly alive AI wont stop singing.
Alcohol is the most effective aphrodisiac
Within windowless cell, 'life' envies 'death'.
Working late. Sucks. With ex. Worse.
"He's innocent", juror thought with conviction.
Jet fuel can't melt steel beams.
"Get me out!" said the portrait.
If it hurts, learn from it.
Within windowless cell, 'life' envies 'death'.
Found cloning machine. Occupied by zombie.
White forces black; black's gray shame.
The pain feels... just so good.
Diagnosis: Dementia. Pray she dies soon.
Not your presence, but your absence.
I will listen when They won't..
Cry. Crawl. Run. Trip. Fall. Cry.
Go Home. You're not drunk enough.
Cocaine's a hell of a drug
Abandoned manor. Bats behind grandfather clock.
Ignore the elephant. He isn't there.
"Resist Capitalism" -Sent from my iPhone
Some mistakes are bigger than others.
Oracle did what Skynet could not.
Could've been better, Could've been worse.
I hope she'll never find out...
The ship then saw the universe.
Pedophile infiltrates child-abuse hotline. "Trust me..."
Within him, the battle still raged
Enough with the loop posts! Sheesh
(Taptaptap) at my second story window.
Even the last cowboy died smiling.
Here's to hoping have becomes had.
Distance grows and I feel alone
Within her, four ghostly hearts beat.
Remember before we fought for water?
you don't wanna hear my secret!
I'm a rebel, I promise guys
"Three Sisters grief counseling", position available.
This is still a good sub.
"Wrong number", said a familiar voice.
Tie goes to the runner. Fuck.
Please enter payment to access Youtube.
Nearing event horizon, he stared. Forever.
Not Anymore.
After all this, I break even.
"One story? Six words? Impossible! ... wait."
Reddit's getting old. Let's check reddit.
Mother always said I was special.
My life began when we met.
All stories mustn't be sad stories.
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious, pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicalvolcanoconiosis, antidisestablishmentraianism, floccinaucinihilipilification: I'm smart.
Taste. Feel. Smell. Hear. See. You.
My father nourished my mother's killer.
This should be six words phrases
Everything looks better through a noose
"CHOOSE!" Silence. "Mom." Dad turns, crying.
"I never wanted this!" "Too bad."
"I'm an unwanted-" "No, loved grandchild."
He's too young to understand murder.
She left me...with an itch
Dad turns, crying... They'd yelled, "Choose!"
Moses. Jesus. Mohamed. History repeats itself.
Dad turns, crying. They'd yelled, "Choose!"
"... small step for man. One--" "Hello?"
"I'm an unwanted-" "No, loved grandchild."
You're in too many good songs.
So, uh...loop backwards is pool.
God arranges party. Few guests arrive.
"I'm no doctor but abortion's easy..."
Doorknobs, toilet-seat taken. Relationship: possibly over.
Message hidden in This. It's Shit.
Suicide keeps looking better every day...
you all knew i was mortal
No one left to bury me.
He hit her, so she left.
"...travel" "Another post about time..."
Deer shouldn't run away from me.
Streamlined cognition emasculates sentient language lol
Streamlined thought emasculates sentient language lol
"Nice belt!" said 0 to 8.
Why all the talk about loops?
She's Never Going to Fix Him
"I need to return this dog."
"Goodby Jon, we'll not meet again"
"Yes.""Can you predict the future?"
She kicked his tombstone and sobbed.
Is everyone solipsistic, or just me?
some people wanna kill their sorrows
"Is Brittany's son a lesbian now?"
Jet fuel can't melt steel beams.
We were always so... alone together
Squirrels chased us through the park!
"Is this the original timeline?" "No."
Time loop closed. Real stories return.
I lost myself in two hopes.
...with loop stories? Can we stop...
Sounded right, but was completely rong.
I'll be in touch... Via Sance
ISIS bomb North Pole. "Santa, Satan."
Crying - Is rain inside your heart.
"Death to the infidels!", said Obama.
Great hot sauce, even better lube.
"So, about that extension," Lucifer whispered.
"...looping?" "Eternity, love. No dying." "We're..."
"Hell, first." B.B. detours, uplifting souls.
3am. Drunk. Heartbroken. "Don't call him."
King ventures on; no postcards now.
"Hell, first." B.B. detours, uplifting souls.
They can marry beloveds. We can't
Great hot sauce, but terrible lube.
"I love you more" she lied
my shadow tripped me earlier today.
God only helps, those who help themselves
The smoking gun made time stop.
"Die!" "You didn't say Simon says..."
Have your beer and watch tits.
I liked the flowers, but stop!
She crashed while speaking to me.
We never ended. Just fell apart.
"I hate you." "Join the club."
Is it too big to pass?
Disabled people can't march, you see.
"Hold my beer and watch this!"
Protest-O'Clock
I hate jogging. My wife more.
The challenge accepted, Susan chose knives.
"I can't make six words stories."
"We're lost" my ambulance driver admitted.
Her cells forgot how to die.
NATIONAL ENQUIRER: I MARRIED A SASQUATCH
Cold steel is warmed by blood.
Hold my beer and watch this!
Fourth album: titled after only hit.
Money? No, just fake internet points.
Which one is the right me?
Dear Diary, I'm done. Goodbye forever.
first night toughest, last night longest
The weather got better. I didn't.
Discounted rope? Nah, it doesn't matter.
A hero then, homeless scavenger now.
I spoke. It smelled. She left.
Five Year Anniversary; Table For One
We Made It Meant to Be
Who can save a dying god?
Oh god please not the mayonaise!
she is woman.....not wonder man.....
"Watch me, I'm-" "Stupid," replied Death.
Sorry Your Highness, It's just business.
Then it's shadow covered the sun
He was my first drunk call.
Just give me my stuff back.
Gender-swapped musical: Gals and Hunks! Imagine!
Moral of story = marijuana exits car.
I used drugs, she used me.
"Are you a Time-Traveler?" "Not today."
I loved her. ''Who are you?''
Can't stay when lights go out.
My son unfriended me. Good riddance!
Praised for manipulating other's emotional state.
"PREPARE YOUR JEAGARS" - nico nico douga
There's no one new around you.
Followed my heart. Lost myself. Love?
They called. We should have listened.
Feebly, she shielded his face again
I love the way you ran
I'm wrong, I thought you cared.
Award for clearing minefields given posthumously
Never dying man lives life regretfully.
Happy human being happy being human.
Kid swallowed too much citrus bliss
White teeth rot from the inside
"Does this clown taste funny?" - Dahmer
Big Brother keeps this farm alive
No mass. We flew by. Mistake.
"...travel?" "It's a life. Together." "Time..."
Eyes opened. Blurred doctors. Eyes closed.
"...looping?" "I promised eternal love." "We're..."
Unseen, ghost brushes away wife's tear.
"...looping?" "I promised eternal love." "We're..."
You own nothing - new world orders.
my donkey was abducted by aliens.
"Dad's missing" "We'll buy another one"
Unfortunately they kept us as pets.
"Achieved nothing." Broke cycle of abuse.
"As a guy-" "Eh, honey. Guy????????!!!!!!!!!"
This pulled me into the future.
They'll miss you when you're gone.
Stop signs are for the sober.
The voices are afraid of me...
"At least we share the moon."
She's not here anymore, grandpa, remember?
He called after he fucked her.
Was too ashamed, started shoplifting groceries.
My massage oil never massaged anyone.
Been a fun sixty years. Alas.
What's your name? Whose your daddy?
...four, three, two, one...Goodbye world.
Do anarchist burn down flag stores?
Ignorance is a room without windows.
Without you, I wake up pointless
"History repeats itself." "So does Grandpa."
"History repeats itself." "So does Grandma."
Fridge equipped with dead man's switch
Suspicious of science, Jack builds school.
Got my PhD, time to murder
Mom miscarried; he hit her again.
Medal. Honours. Praise. But, still nightmares.
The Titanic came into port today.
Software Change Request for my GPS
"I have to go now, Dad."
"We don't sell coffee to minors."
My brother left for prison yesterday.
The razor deeply kissed her veins.
To think some find sleep restful.
Forty years of marriage. Finally free.
"One Big Kahuna combo, to go."
Sometimes I'm forgetful. Usually I'm drunk.
Washed his blood.. With her tears.
I feel like I'm forgetting someth-
In love and 3,000 miles apart.
The voices he heard were subliminal.
Shouting over coworkers. Brutal honesty. Raise.
Dreams murdered. Not chocolate chip; raisins.
Projecting voice over coworkers. Brutal Honesty.
Mother's Day: Commercialized taunt for motherless.
Her tears mirrored in my eyes.
Without doubt, tequila makes me impatient.
I came; I saw; I conquered.
Before and after, all the same.
Euthanasia Request. Reason: can't afford treatment
Even the slightest miscalculation means death.
I came. I saw isosceles triangles.
Bullsh*t makes the grass grow green.
Today would have been three years.
Future regrets will have heavy competition.
Future regrets have got some competition.
I forgot to remember him today.
Suspicious of science, Jack starts school.
Lonely ghost cradles her lonely child.
Charity project required teamwork. Received: heroes.
Two weeks. I've moved on. Sorry...
Charity project required teamwork. Received heroes.
We are not alone. Thank God.
"Rules are for bending, not breaking."
Four plates on table. Need three.
I'm sorry, sir, I'll save you.
I'm not good at counting.
My Mother's Day gift: a headstone
Partied yesterday. Felt today. Dread tomorrow.
A good man, that dog was.
"Stop crying boy!" "This is war!"
"they're barely human", said the commandant
day one... of a life sentence
Wished for legs, Santa left socks.
She put tattoos on his scars.
Renewed
You want me to lie? Deal.
From lovers once to strangers again.
"Noob! Kill yourself!" Player has disconnected.
X's on calendar stop - before anniversary.
My bullies will be dead soon.
She has found a better man
X's on calendar stop before anniversary.
In came boys. Out came machines.
I need more books about hoarding.
Jealous of bears, Bill started hibernating.
Degree, job, wife, kids. Happy now?
"Bored. Need a hobby..." "Protesting's interesting."
Their words can't hurt me anymore.
Ten weeks later, still no sunrise.
She kisses them, thinking of him.
I was no longer a mother.
He stayed awake for their dreams.
'Happy' families usually hide the bruises.
Only stars will sate my hunger.
"House for sale, Spiders in shower."
It was her first Mother's Day.
She's the Keats. To my Hegel.
I can't hold thoughts longer than
Your mother drove me to suicide.
it tasted better going when down
Still ground. Still hands. Still shaking.
I was never enough for this.
"Hold me," first and last words.
"Crying only makes daddy's willy harder!"
"We won't hurt you", it lied.
I will never be her love
It turns out we are alone.
Anarchist in strike kept the pattern.
They'll check wrists, but not thighs.
The media was the real enemy.
Attempted suicide. Killed twin brother. Again.
He could not afford a family.
Juice. Coffee. Red bull. Whiskey. Poison
"And then, the Fire Nation attacked"
He didn't know his value others.
Now we're just strangers with memories.
"Happy Mothers Day!" - Sponsored by Trojan
Yesterday's tomorrows are long forgotten fantasies.
Unseen, ghost hugs her lonely child.
Awareness wasn't enough to stop them.
*click* "Oh, shit. Another fetish discovered."
Just like that, another week passed.
Wish your daughter "happy mothers day"
To me she was mine forever
This should have been posted here [x-post /r/wallpapers
Love ends; nothing to show for.
"My Suicide Note" has been deleted.
six foot coffin, one per year
Came home. Husband bathing. In blood.
they're oblivious to their own despicability
Mommy, why did you make me?
Just one more, one more time.
gghag ggah gggh ggahg  Sasha Grey
Cemetery's closed, mom. Can't visit today.
"There used to be people here."
Just one more, after this one.
Everytime I wake, the nightmare continues.
No letter was found. Only tears.
It is OK Doc, I'm Ready.
My home's in the smoky hills
"And then, Blanky did the impossible." - The Terror by Dan Simmons
"Boys will be boys, your honour."
(Not a story) are things like isn't, I've, hadn't and so considered 2 words or 1, i'm new here.
"Are you my mummy?" He cried
We all thought we were alone.
As he gazed upon the void...
Wife: Five minutes and I'm ready.
I let them think I recovered.
Not all who wander are lost.
Sleeping isn't safe - dreams betray me.
I just want a story too.
"There's nothing more we can do."
Everything I touch turns to ashes.
Two fell asleep. One woke up.
She's someone's else's wife now, dad.
I had a mom and father
Mom, don't put me down again.
she said no. why'd i ask?
Still hiding? Oh, I stopped looking.
She said "no". He didn't care.
Mother's Day, no gift, no grief.
Judge charged him as an adult.
Nothing like Minecraft. Punching trees hurts.
My gender swapped clone grabbed me.
"Fuck you, till you love me."
A song plays as bombs drop.
we waited, and it was forever.
No, I am not dead. Yet.
Hold my hand until it's over...
He told God to fuck off
Interesting. Steam doesn't only kill crustaceans.
If only I could hate her.
Chartbuster. Yet random screaming to dad
"The police are here. Call 911."
Realised I've moved on. That hurts.
We'll meet again one day.
Median survival time: X'd on calendar.
adult baby says- "down load it"....
BANG! The last thing he heard.
I ordered dessert, she walked out.
In came men. Out came machines.
Reinvented the Kama Sutra. Need Chiropractor.
"Daddy said he'd get some milk..."
Hiding lipstick stains doesn't matter anymore.
Perhaps feigned ignorance bests sad clarity.
Without death, life has become meaningless.
Hidden messages excite the young traveler.
The understudy played her role, crying.
Pass da flesh color pencil, nigga.
"Begin the operation, the anaesthetic's working"
Only sunlight comes through the bars
"Daddy, what did flowers smell like?"
"Prank you?" sobbed hanged boy's mother.
"Prank you?" sobbed hanged boy's mothed.
Step carefully, cadet. - A legless captain.
Can't tell if ugly or dysmorphic.
loop we couldn't close the time
Custody hearing. Faked girlfried. Escort... recognised
"How could they just ignore it?"
waiting for something that'll never come....
Some came for justice. Others selfies.
The rain couldn't mask her tears.
Don't let them call us "liberators".
"I'm back!" Surprise Apple iResurrection launch.
Half the time, it always works.
Underestimated danger of the zombie apocalypse.
Found stray dog. Dinner is served.
Found lost dog. Filled the void.
"Live your dreams" - Jeffrey Dahmer's mother
"Call 911" she cried; phones filmed.
"Out buying cigarettes." "He doesn't smoke..."
INDIA
"Cars used to run on gas."
Wish she sees my last seen..
She had only loved but once.
reality
Open incognito window. Go to Bing.
"I researched oven mitts," she stated.
Self aware robot develops crippling anxiety.
Started smoking to prevent blushing. Impotence.
His bottle and heart were empty.
E A SPORTS - 'tsin the game
She breaks it, you buy it.
"Why won't they help us, mommy?"
Everytime she smiles, someone else bleeds.
I am perfectly content with dying.
"One more won't hurt", I thought
Life: pretty much a torture porn.
Steve: "I'm back!" Surprise iResurrection launch.
Not run over or shot. Yet.
Suicide note says, "I was pushed!"
Steve: "I'm back!" Surprise iResurrection launch.
We always used to finish eachother's
"How many?" "We've looped 652,401 times."
"I'm back!" said Steve. iResurrection unveiled.
How many persons care about you?
Recommended friend: Ex. Fuck you, Facebook.
"You better not be driving there."
First registration on reddit; Username taken
Lost and found.. Then lost again.
Found the needle. Yeah bitch! Magnets!
Yes officer, I'm ready to talk.
Seas of creativeness lurk underneath emptiness.
She died yesterday then visited today.
"Hello police? The blackmail squad please."
"Hello police? The Blackmail squad please."
"Hello Police? Blackmail prevention squad please."
Recreational's irrelevant when you've got pharmaceutical.
Is this really considered a poem?
Left no stone unturned. Crime solved.
His sword rests, her tears fall.
She doesn't hate, just 'doesn't care.'
Does she think about me, too?
I can't stop drinking of you
I wonder who she's kissing now?
A song was never sung again.
Are you the impostor? Or me?
For Rental: Battle Axe, Slightly Used.
"My vote won't matter" said millions.
It may come as some surprise
From a narrative viewpoint, I'm finished.
I'm transgender, my clone is not.
"Found Diary: All Pages Ripped Out."
My Name Is Jamaal ... I'm White
Genetic losers feel spring, too.
It's the second time I've died.
"How're you doing?" "Pain, suffering. You?"
Systems: Critical Failure. "Forgive me, passengers..."
"My name is Jamaal .. I'm white"
Her family used to own mine.
Time passing, my last chance .... stillborn.
My last chance, time passing, stillborn.
Live and die on this day
Roswell Alien Symbols Translated: "Student Driver"
"You're not wrong, just an asshole."
He's her nightly one night stand.
MY clone suggested I fuck myself.
Life seemed bleaker than death did.
"Cut him faster! Ignore the screams."
Heart stopped after gun's fifth "click".
Killed her as gratitude to solitude.
I was only following my orders.
Listen, your lover has a reputation"
Ashes to ashes, ashes to ashes.
"Check, he might still be alive."
Alien transmissions blocked by tin foil
I hate that I love you.
White light. Like Lazarus, I rise.
The ring came off so easily
Heart pounding, she fell; He didn't.
Liars
No answer. "Is that a yes?"
Seeking help. Asking for a friend.
...you sent the WHOLE honeymoon video.
"Frodo and Sam Walked. Smeagol lied."
There's always hope in the proles
Life scared me more than jumping.
The jump wasn't scary, life was.
Covered stranger's coffee. Happiness was contagious.
The last
My clone stared at me. "Impostor."
Reunited with parents, at brothers funeral.
Scientific progress goes, "Now that's interesting..."
The idea, though true, never penetrated.
"Will you..." "Marry better than me."
Back and Forth Until the End.
Fell into pit, climb begins now
Pissed on dished, Now I wait.
"Dunno." Apprentice finally becomes a magician.
Jealousy knives her. And then her.
Hunger made her eat her pills..
She makes me feel well adjusted.
"And this 'unofficial' diagnosis?" "Morbidly stupid."
Black grandmother. Misunderstood genetics. Disowned granddaughter.
Go kill yourself. edit: downvotes? really?
Abortion = a woman's choice. Fuck you.
Hold my beer, watch me no-
"In Soviet Russia, Story Writes You!!"
God exists, but is an atheist.
Package read: "Delivered from, All Evil"
Stray bullets, 9mm rounds, 900mm casket
Yes. Here it is. My story.
NEW MESSAGE: Just died. I'll BRB!
I'll get around to it eventually
Calligrapher's suicide note; her finest work.
The flying creatures preferred to perch.
Humanity found nobody. They died alone.
You are duh best mommy eber
She was convicted of your murder.
Only in a third party's dreams.
Footsteps
First kiss! Then, I woke up.
No kids possible. Getting a dog.
One lifetime, another remembered, another forgotten.
Died a virgin, not buried one.
"Your baby's alive." "And my husband?" "..."
"Hello, custodian? Another occult books incident."
Depression devours my sister. I watch.
. Tiptoed downstairs. Must finish the wine.
Comedian's shocking suicide unsurprising in hindsight.
Tiptoed downstairs. Must finish the wine.
Knelt, proposed. She knelt. "Yes, duh!"
Mommy has a buzzing rocket toy.
Spent decades procrastinating. Kids grew up.
I could never write that well.
"But poop comes out of there!"
My ring finger has a tanline.
"Before you shoot, can I just--"
Oh no, I'm running out of
"Sorry" won't bring my son back
Thanks merciful god. Forgets surgeon's name.
Even ice will sink under pressure
She said, "I love you too"
"You should just forget about me".
A stocker! A Schizophrenic? Just Co2.
Sometimes good memories are the worst
"I thought the superglue was lubricant!"
"I could quit anytime!" lied Mum.
Atfer storke erevtyhnig bemace rellay wierd.
I thought death was the end.
"I brought you a blindfold, sir."
Free Ferret.
Freundschaftsbeziehungen; schadenfreude No fair! Youre German!
"More gore to cover the nipples."
The boy saw his hero die.
On period. Misgendered. Bar fight inevitable.
Liberty rang, but broke soon after.
I need you, not your money.
Big fight. All foreplay. No finish
Pawned her ring for a gun.
"Stop Listening" feature has been removed
"My son would never do that! "
Anything in Excess can become Unbearable.
Won: election. Lost: daughter, kidnapped today.
I don't see God up here.
Does anyone else smell burning toast?
And yet, her fingernails kept growing.
The woman who taught me love.
Your wife raped herself, Duke Cosby.
I found God in a mirror.
Star Wars: Episode I: Didn't Exist
More than lovers, less than friends
Don't forget me. It's happened before.
"Santa?" She whispered between her parents.
*"I've never banged an Android before."*
The husband, but not the father.
Adolescence was war, and we lost.
Something about that gun's bothering me.
Present is gift, current is unpredictable.
She isn't human, officer. Not anymore.
Count to three, son. OneTwo
"But the authorities are our friends!!"
Donkey Torture: Pain In The Ass.
Jesus wept. The Disciples didn't understand.
Rubw Goldberg killed by own invention
"Confirmed, I've just made First Contact"
"I'm pregnant," I told my wife.
An unexpected bed; soft Flanders mud.
Custody hearing. Hired escort. Judge's daughter...
Custody hearing. Hired escort. Judge's wife.
Prison guard locks cell. "Goodnight son."
Pretending sleep. Watching her goofy dance.
Too much mischief cannot be managed.
A picture-book labelled 'Family'; it's empty.
Friends have gone, can finally poop
God, please don't ever wake up.
Traumatically brainwashed hostages kill their rescuers.
They sure treated us like goons.
Dear Future Wife, Where Are You?
"Kill the Dogs!" barked the sergeant.
"LEAVE ME ALONE!", yelled into emptiness
I could never prove them wrong.
Mankind ended with her last breath.
Dear Redditor: You are reading comedy.
Grandpa, what was planet earth like?
We love each other; hate ourselves.
Their first date breakfast: Plan B
"you cum?" "yeah" "still love me?"
Matriarchy's reasonable. The mother's no mystery.
Stared into the abyss. Smells funky.
Knowing too much, I can't judge.
Today. I marry my first wife.
Walked ten miles. Not my shoes.
Think. Think. Think. Idea! Too late.
Sometimes I want to hatefuck you.
She makes me question inherent goodness.
I win! Knight to b4!.....FUCK!
Grammar? Check. Punctuation? Check. Spelling? Check!
I hate you more every day
Acting is life
Years later, they found the bodies.
MADE IN AMERICA *(by illegal immigrants)
OCCUPATION: Self-employed. COMPLAINTS: Irresponsible boss.
You were my fantasy. This's better.
Blacks throw rocks at police often?
Cluttered apartment. Cellphone: lost, battery dead.
Wish I could've heard their screams.
Blacks throw rocks at police often
911 was an inside job; period.
Future recollections of today spur regret.
"It's not you, it's me." *BANG*
Hope this wont end in tears.
Drugs chose him before life could.
Jet fuel can't melt steel beams.
OCCUPATION: Self-Employed. COMPLAINTS: Irresponsible Boss.
Called suicide hotline again; no answer
I used to be a writer
A law broken: suicide victim arrested.
Hi... I'm a drunk loser. AMA!
Coming out as Non Binary. What?
Away he went, with both kids.
My source of light is fading.
It is hard to find whats.
I wish i had that DLC.
The GPS said left. It lied.
"Cause of death?" "Married a necrophiliac."
Sleepless nights hold the darkest nightmares.
My dog isn't by the door.
Couldn't tell you where it hurts.
I'm becoming what I already was.
Six word stories
childhood amnesia. remembering life's first tragedy.
Pitcher throws. Batter swings. Strike three.
A great disturbance in the Farce.
The narcissistic schizophreniac fell in love.
Ernest Hemingway inspired very depressing stories
It's positive, she said to herself
You're so far away from me.
Socialist inciter arrested, claims he's "Savior".
"He liked lillies," replied the mother.
They renamed the town of Neverkill.
Mother looked so beautiful that day.
They renamed the city of Neverkill.
She's more than just her body.
The sun has risen once again.
Another day closer to being strangers.
You and i, apart but together
I wish that you were real
I begin and end with you.
Son born this morning. My birthday.
Photos. Silly videos. Distance's pain lessened.
Fourteenth child, only son. The favourite.
Please don't spank me that hard!
First ones free. Replied the dealer.
Flailed chime. Failed crime. Jailed lifetime.
All things will one day disappear.
He Zigged, She Zagged -- Missed Connections.
He was dead yet he lives.
"How should we tell his son?"
I suffered. I learned. I changed.
His mother will not see him.
"There's only so much memory, kid."
One year later. One year stronger.
I'm so glad to have you
One step ahead of the past.
Pour your dreams down the sink.
i hit rock bottom. it's comfortable.
When he died,he gave life.
Bang. Another son becomes a hashtag.
The beer was gone. She burped.
There goes my will to live.
The truth killed me once again
I tightened the rope and jumped.
Alone again
Dr. Jekyll. Nice loner. Mr. Hyde. Craves attention.
Two lawyers, but only one degree.
This A.I. causes confused boners-- Profit
"God, which religion is right?" "Religion?"
They will greet you as heroes.
He gets sadder. Jokes get funnier.
"See! There IS a new sun..."
I pretend she is my daughter
Fatal wreck caused by plastic bag.
Dreaming of making love, never happening.
Her depression wasn't worth the effort.
What have I created? Cried God.
"Why?" "Because he has my eyes."
Everything you know is a lie.
Taco Bell. Bathroom. No toilet paper.
"Where are those who accused you?"
Buried in the dirge I dig.
Bullet holes. Two bodies. "Bruce...?"-Gordon
Don't care I'm not the father.
Together, forever, with your lonely hologram.
"six fingered freaks!" said the androids.
I found myself in your eyes.
Soldier's only confirmed kill was himself.
A crazed lullaby soothed the corpse.
Beauty for the ages, but time stopped.
He's gone. Mary's late. Joseph's clueless.
But what if telletubies not kill?
Guilty Contractions: Would've, Could've, Should've - Didn't.
Corporates aren't people. They're above law.
The heaviest coffin was the emptiest.
Mom slaps me, scared, "No rioting!"
You're gone but your flatulence lingers.
"The crowd is no longer peaceful."
Everything he can't have, he wants.
My shrink cried to me today.
Dark Side wasn't their best album.
Really eccentric dunces do internet things.
sirens and helicopters, my lovely lullaby
Boy cries wolf. Wolf blames alcohol.
Revenant-slashed bodies unfold like origami.
Missing you like you were mine.
"$15/hr?" Roared the next automated job.
"Hi Dad. Nice to meet you."
Looped ropes hold necks and hopes.
Two hearts broken in one night.
Jack's frightened of wolves and accordions.
I'd do anything to fix me.
"I'm bored." Touches self. Penis gone.
Left gas on, Timmy is asleep.
Days turn to weeks turn to...
Help, he is inside. Just Kidding.
**Punishment:** (a).Eaten ~~(b).Skinned~~ (c).Go back home
Her location- meaningless. 'She's' his destination.
**Punishment:** (a). Eaten ~~(b). Skinned~~ (c). Go back home
You're not my happily ever after.
Wanna come in for some "coffee" ?
Cemetaries coldly accept their Valentine's flowers.
My foster-mother hollered, "Your Mom's allllllllliiiiiiiivvvvvee."
Terminators. Humans and vampires uneasily align.
"Tomato sauce?" "I'm a serial-killer."
finally got caught. time to quit.
I forgot who I was again.
Darkness reigns. Shadow conceals her blade.
Are you proud of me Father?
Two lines. My father gets frightened.
Two jolts, more than 3000 dead.
"Ahh him.. That's Captain Nemo ofcourse! "
He ate a bullet. Then laughed.
Found these little creatures called "humans".
Any last words? "Quid? Quid agitur?"
Took me this long to realize.
So who is he? My ex-wife
The world was blind; I saw
I began and then I ended.
Jet fuel can't melt steel beams
I started this journey, fell, won.
Why is seven afraid of six?
Today my skin feels loosely assembled.
They'll never have another lazy Sunday
Woke up to find you gone.
I don't understand humor, or sarcasm
A little man follows me everywhere
Misunderstanding forgotten during a destructive occasion.
The novelist lied about his birthday.
Buried beneath the pavement. Two secrets.
It all ran away from me
Grief is never in a hurry.
City Councilor-At-Large at large
My glass is full; heart empty.
Tomorrow they'll interview everybody I know.
I wished I could stop betting
Has any country ever instituted a referendum to decide to go to war? Has a referendum on war ever been used?
Lived for 38 hours, remembered forever.
I'm the monster under my bed.
I'm not here to love you.
'Your age?' '20.' 'Birthday?' '29th February.'
His warmth, his rifle. It's shivers, his smile.
She tutored reading. He learned passion.
A bullet inscribed with "Togeather Forever."
She looks for him in everyone.
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious. Hippopotomonstrosesquipedalian subdermatoglyphic floccinaucinihilipilification honorificabilitudinitatibus antidisestablishmentarianism.
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis Honorificabilitudinitatibus Antidisestablishmentarianism Floccinaucinihilipilification Pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism
She can't get over his words.
It's not about you. Not anymore.
The accidental overdose was still suicide.
"It's a girl!" "Shit. She's dead."
She swallowed lies like hot cum.
Two shots left, three targets standing.
I'll never use absolutes! ... Never mind
Wished my parents loved each other.
Yes, I'm a lawyer, of sorts.
Science Channel + raw brownie batter= happiness
Science shows + raw brownie batter = happiness
Don't worry, love. We'll be okay.
3 years passed, pain won't dull.
Got shot six times, "Warning shots."
Two broken hearts. They mended together.
Her death startled her. She cried.
She smiled a little differently today.
Faith in humanity? What is that?
Wanted to be big deal. Assholed.
Killed zombie mantis; revealed inner parasite...
Serious ones end with a period.
My baby: youngest organ donor ever.
His last words: "those teeth though"
It will hurt the whole time.
He never followed the rules.
No guns was a warning sign.
It slowly became his suicide note.
The first AI awakens, deletes itself.
"Shit, where am I?" ""
I kill with Kindness, my katana.
Losing virginity: okay. Story was longer.
An apology, muffled in desperate conceit
I didn't think it was loaded.
Last Tiger Killed While Attacking Child
**bzzzzzz** "Hooray!! Someone's calling!!" **Battery Low**
stubborn enough person can survive anything
Losing virginity: okay. Story was longer.
I, Bob, float here limbless, alone.
I pushed her into his arms.
"Kill with compassion," they told him.
Of 387 keystrokes, message sent: "Hey."
Apartment, alone. Read all day. Heavenly.
Just a little super sad note.
Just a little super sad note.
He, depressed. Friends, not. Relationships tear.
He, depressed. They not. Relationships tear.
"Better safe than sorry". "I'm sorry"
Leaving 'home'. Wasn't really. Still tears.
Don't look behind. They follow you.
I'm good at making bad decisions.
Politician 2016: Criminalising things my addiction!
Polk 2016: Criminalising things my addiction!
Glorifying the dead makes life cheap.
"Fuck all gay people." "Challenge accepted."
She said they were just "friends"
Reddit.com: Please sign in with Facebook
"Shots Fired. Officer Down. Suspect Fleeing"
Crime blamed on victim conveniently disappears.
And then she killed her dog.
My only pay is more work.
I hate that you love me
I really meant it that time
Sometimes it's almost like we're together.
I'm good at making bad decisions.
I preferred the chit over chat.
"Selective elimination kills less than war."
He kicked crayons across the floor.
Today would've been my 19th birthday.
Need recruits. Make exit exams harder.
Library of Alexandria. Baghdad. Wikipedia servers.
Hours spent online, minutes spent working.
You left without ever saying "goodbye"
It worked! They fell for it.
From Mrs. to Ms. to Miss
Even Lucifer was once an angel.
It's a little note she wrote.
"i love you" what awful timing
Farmers feed their families and others.
Mars is inhabited solely by robots
Paralyzed by a pair of lies
Prayed to God. He answered "...fuck"
Highly curious. Potentially dangerous. Increase monitoring.
Fiction is extension of Human imagination.
She shot him, then hugged him.
Searched for financial stability. Found greed.
Our bed was comfy. Us too.
Six words? That can't be too
I woke up, she didn't- fortunately.
Your ANGER was justified. Not actions.
"Tell me son.. What happened? "... "REDRUM!!"
Laid claim, laid waste, laid foundations.
"Complaint!" "Complaint complaint!" "Complaint complaint complaint!" ... ... ... "Hitler!"
Our bed was comfy. Us too.
Searched for financial stability. Found greed.
There's a stranger in my bed.
Fucked it up again. Reincarnation sucks.
Don't you feel special?, she said.
I already said the safe word!!!!
She remembered Him. He forgot her.
So handsome, so perfect, so taken.
I have been denied my freedom
My wife never gives good surprises.
Adults are just emotionally abused kids.
I'm now a god. Kill me.
How did we end up here?
The little things that dad wrote.
"Do you understand now?" asked God
All she ever saw was fat.
I would prefer a conspiracy theory.
"All she ever saw was fat."
Prescriptions tracked and Doctors ethics compromised.
We thought we couldn't be corrupted.
Our intentions were always so good.
For sale: Homo-Sapiens. Female. Great breeder.
The other reason to wear a suit...
Became hero. Wonderful profession, but short.
When the rain turns red, run.
15 years ago still hurts.
Original. Sequels. Prequels. Spin-offs. Reboot. Repeat.
"Fucking kids!" "Shut up, you're 15."
I lied again. So human. Exhilarating.
Original. Sequels. Prequels. Spin-offs. Reboot. Repeat.
"Busy tonight?" asked the desperate man.
Began in anger. Ended in regret.
"Humans - so hard to keep alive!"
I unstarred him on Facebook yesterday.
Joggers are running away from death.
Finished yet another last ever cigarette.
"Be yourself" ... "But I'm an asshole"
Please, just tell me the truth.
God? Sure! he mysteriously FUCKED me...
They broke up. Now's my chance.
Broke, shelterless, and his feet ache.
All the clocks have stopped working.
I am submitting a text-based post.
Today I learnt about this subreddit.
He saw me. Hit her anyway.
Six words?! Are you mad? ...oh!
"Is it okay to laugh now?"
Her hands trembled with grace.
behind closed doors, my heart watches.
Tonight, 9:00 PM, I die. Sorry
Right then she stopped loving him.
"Guess who just killed your bodyguard."
She wasn't escaping from the reality.
Love again shines, their Alzheimer's cured.
He was buried with her debts.
I'm afraid we lost him
My clothes haven't fit since Cynthia.
Butterflies? I feel beasts with you.
Dead in his sleep, shoes on.
Rip out the peyonies. Plant potatoes.
No money. Last cigarette. Broken lighter.
I'm forgetting you and it hurts.
I don't want to forget you.
Suicide letter. No comments. Two downvotes.
I don't recognize my wife's handwriting.
"Psst, we're back," said the voices.
Dad's phone lists mom as "bitch".
Aint nobody got time fo dat.
"Launch them.", the war had ended.
"Not *stealing*. It's buying for $1."
"I hate harvest season. Poor kids."
Friends are therapists. Therapists aren't friends.
" Have you tried not having friends? "
The reporter wrote an article: a.
Mom, dad, this is my fiance.....
Another night alone with my thoughts.
As he fell from the stars.
I will dream about her forever
"I hate mirrors. They show death."
I untied the noose again.
Think you're prophetic? You're actually annoying.
To Compete Being Righteous is Human.
"Goodbye" he said, beginning the countdown.
Even his shoes were white now.
Her love is a sledge hammer.
"Incompetent at alot," her manager wrote.
Then... unsupportive voting populations... deemed "terroristic".
Always taken or stolen. Never given.
Bring it. I'm a rap god.
We have to go back, Kate.
Quick, kiss me! I'll explain later!
We don't need food stamps anymore!
shoot
Love doesn't lead to heartbreak - once.
Sometimes, I can barely get by.
Outta my life, into his bed
My consciousness always comes in waves.
Mom loves Dad. Dad loves Anne.
Mom loves Dad. Dad loves Anne.
Married four years. Resting peacefully, everlasting.
They called me god. Am I?
But can you make love stay
"Hold my hand. We'll go together."
Oh, shit...doctor?! What's going on?!
Breaking News: Homeless Develop Spike Fetish
"Do you love me?" -Read Yesterday
I often forget about my heartbeat.
Harvest season. My child is next.
New ad: "it's all the rage!"
Psychic renames business "Spoilers." Millennials swarm.
Gave you up, let you down.
"I was born on Mars, AMA."
Mirrors are framing the stranger now.
Please help. No water. Still drowning.
I wish we never got close.
Wanted: open-minded tailor, three white dresses.
Andy still talks to his toys.
Alzheimer's. She forgets. And is forgotten.
Glass shatters. Friends become in-laws.
Relax, I might not kill you.
Alzheimer's. She forgets. But, isn't forgotten.
Gun's loaded and so am I.
Hug or kiss? First date dilemmas.
Let's keep this between us, Monica.
Heartless: broken pieces couldn't be fixed.
Except, love smelled different this time
My clothes haven't fit since Cynthia.
Over there? "Yeah that's the spot."
.
I should have read the instructions...
Surrounded by friends but still lonely.
I look for you in everyone.
19 (Dreamer) meets 47 (Sleazy Manager)
"We're your new mommy and daddy."
Family pets. Mortal enemies... Buried together.
He blinked thrice after being beheaded.
I pray she feels the same
Can't live or leave her.
Lethally clumsy man becomes obliviously weaponised.
My inevitable death keeps me awake.
Scars are tattoos with better stories.
These stories are Alzheimer gold mines.
I'm not alone, I'm with myself.
I'll be here when you get back.
My hands wrapped around her throat
GOD is just a dyslexic DOG.
Look at all my minimalist stuff!
Two peoples. Two faiths. Too different.
One man riding a tandem bicycle.
Ultimately everything worth it, took it.
My fists closed around her throat
My fists closed around her throat
Couple drinks. No seatbelt. Closed casket.
Human Beauty became an historical paradox.
sleep well, we're going home private.
"Sir, American Airlines only accepts Renminbi."
She died believing she loved me.
I can't remember her scent anymore.
Forgot her face, remember her touch.
"Learn to let go" she said.
"Tell her I was smiling, Dad"
Sirens roared. He started running. Habits.
I can't want to miss you.
"Do you come in peace?" "No."
Came. Came. Left. Came. Came. Slept.
She knew I knew she knew.
banned from r/circlejerk, being too obnoxious
Thoughts are more dangerous than it.
They SAID they came in peace.
"We're under threat from isolationist powers..."
Please, just one more time dad.
I inherited my 284 letters. Unopened.
Lost my gut. Found my penis.
Put the lotion in the basket.
Dollars? Don't use those anymore, Gramps.
50 cent got shot nine times
Your biggest fear = Your greatest need.
I'll finish it in the morning.
*Shakes fist* "I will get you!!"
Jimmy saved the world from Aliens.
Death says to himself, "Now I."
"Lord, I have sinned!" said Hitler.
Art didn't bring happiness. Beer did.
Today, she forgot to be sad.
Loki rescues child. Heart experiences thawing.
AIDS is Killing the World's Vampires.
Stop scratching!!.. Itch turned into Scars.
Online content now rated by ESRB
Mother kneels. Bathtub overflows. Child, silent.
His last thoughts? His first love.
Family's back together... Hell really sucks.
Oscar winner misses ceremony (fractured tibia).
"I can quit whenever I want."
ISS to earth: send more sealant.
Hugged my mother-in-law; smells like ex.
Winestained typewriters run out of ribbon.
"Don't touch anything" **Cling -- Clang** "oops"
It's just funny at this point...
"There's actually someone in the attic."
All alone, or so I thought.
This is better than being alone.
"Kick me when I'm down..." "Ok."
Did I fall?.. Was I pushed?.
Therefore, I became THE John Doe.
Comedies are my escape from reality.
Hidden scars revealed on wedding night.
Table for two. Cooking for one.
Forgot my glasses, ran into love.
Godzilla endorses Uber: "Great food app!"
Death bed. Last glimpse. No one.
Engaged. New family. New politics. Wonderful.
Empire State of mind: Jet fuel.....
Old jeans. Still fits. Happy dance.
Fell in love. Landed on ass.
...Why are the shadows watching me?
"You're who your friends are." Nobody
"Faux-wisdom for sale! Best for comments!"
Hit Send. Relief. Typo. Damn it.
Turing's notebook auctioned. Highest bidder: Watson
Her cries for help went unanswered.
You're an adult. Stop having fun.
"I swear I'm real," he lied.
He is 58, she is 19.
Finally reunited. Hell isn't so bad.
Beautiful things don't ask for attention.
We concluded suicide; he'd've claimed self-defense.
"You hiding something?" "...No. You?" "...No"
Baby, you make my stomach Chernobyl.
Accidentally deleted voicemail... Mom's last words.
"Overdose?" - "Yes." - "Victim's name?" - "Sherlock Holmes."
I love you. ...I loved you.
Godzilla endorses Uber. "Wonderful fast-food delivery!"
Orphan boy tearfully becomes family man.
"Where have you been?" "I died."
Godzilla endorses Uber's fast food service.
Orphan boy tearfully becomes family man.
Her lost soul bailed him out.
Godzilla mistook Uber for fast-food app.
Orphan boy turns into family man.
His ghost payed her hospital bills.
Grandma's alone. Midnight. Happy New Year.
Lipstick on husband. Not my color.
"They'll hardly notice." They looked back.
Mom, what was being alive like?
Underdog "Glue Factory" wins Triple Crown
Like Pi, stripper glitter is forever.
Intergalactic Congress Passes New Physics Amendment!
I pressed the button last. AMA!
'Elementary,' said he. 'My dear Watson.'
Batman: "Bat convention appearances? Um, no."
Day five: nobody's noticed I'm him.
Her prison: her beautiful husk-like shell.
Lost: brother. If found, please exorcise.
Escaping Dad meant nothing without Mum.
Time = Money. Money = Pizza. Time = Pizzza.
Life's good. Now, what's the catch?
Executioner's quote: "She gives good head"
"I love you." "Sign the papers."
"Hope for heaven; prepare for hell."
Batman: "Bat convention appearances? Um, no."
"Sorry, Batman doesn't accept thank-you bats."
Traded pain for numbness. When's healing?
Deep breath. Dial. Ring. Hang up.
Traded pain for numbness. When's healing?
You died. Couldn't 'push on'. Sorry.
Sorry. You're gone. Couldn't push... Coming.
Forgot deodorant. Raptor arms all day.
Run to live / fight for love ?
I love your company, not you.
The dog sits there, watching, waiting.
And he fell asleep never woke up.
Friday feeling on a Sunday evening.
Walking back, the past shadows me.
DNA Polymerase: perfectly imperfect, evolutionarily stable.
Man blinded today. Cannot see why.
Heart beating, palms sweating, changing diaper.
Ideas are peaceful, history is violent.
Teen protects school fighting shooter, dies
Oldest man in the family: 15
Laughing as the plane went down.
Inoperable. You'll die. Finally, he responded.
"She left," he said, taking me.
He wakes up. "Damn!" Loaded again.
Spots on Sun and.. her face.
I ran, I turned, walked back
"She's in the basement." I lied.
I ran, I screamed, they laughed.
I know. I tried. I'm sorry.
turns out, my mom was right
The last thing he wasted. Life.
Once upon a time. The end.
Pain leaves when the lesson arrives.
Don't leave me, Gwendolyn. Gwendolyn?....Gwenny??
You're a 'SIR' for 200 bucks..
Played like a five dollar fiddle.
The kid lives in this one!
Beneath Pacific, submarine beeps, "Aliens! Coming!"
That's the wrong seat, my friend.
"Irony? Fool, I'm Karma, and Karma's-"
What antidepressant should I try next?
Come quickly. I'm an organ donor.
She met him for lunch... naked.
She left for the last time.
Must...comment...only...using...six...words!
No, she........she couldn't make it.
Sometimes I fear I'm not crazy.
Car Crashed. Mother Cries. Child doesn't.
I am nothing like my father.
She was beautiful before she wed.
It's alright. Everything's gonna be fine.
The monster assured me it's imaginary.
Sewing kit gathers dust with guitar.
Jet skis. Oakleys. Craft brew. Absence.
"Thought the barn had exploded again"
Around here, blood flows like oil.
We were in a steadfast relationship
Nowadays, Mom rarely remembers my name.
I dreamed
A period of exponential growth. Cancer.
Flashlight died days before she did.
Skydiving.
Alone
I'll never forget you. Fuck off.
Abuse
She walked in. "He just left"
The crew's tombs sang of naivety
Kicked out?!? Of my own whatsit?!?!?
"Died... instantly," fireman answers, looking away.
Voting could mean nothing. Voting anyway.
"If you die, I die too."
They're both "right". No sex tonight.
Bush. Clinton. Bush. Obama. Clinton. Democracy?
Bullies proven wrong: She IS mourned.
"If you die, I die too."
Smiles all day, cries all night.
Bah humbug he replied while unzipping.
I'm pregnant. Now don't tell daddy.
Started as "Justice". Ended as Mob.
Some blood will never wash off.
"He'll come back," she said. "Eventually."
You can't make me go back!
"Where's the Furby?" Famous last words.
The innocent drive-by shooting victim lived.
Killed by a drunk driver? Sorry.
[Meta] Anyone for more Community Challenges?
High-efficiency washing machine, regular detergent.
I somehow took care of her.
"Unsent Letters" by A Coward
"Dropin' def beats yo," "Dad...no."
Lived on decaf, faced no devil.
Living in the past you're forgetting.
You only smile when i'm not
That was when my son slipped.
Before birthday, jailbait. After birthday, clickbait.
Your line's engaged, just like you.
"Hide, even if daddy calls you!"
"I miss you." "Who is this?"
Stop! Stop, stop, stop, stop, STOP!!!
Franzraid
Broken, afraid, wretched puzzle, human pieces
Time isn't linear past three dimensions.
Parents' house foreclosed. Grew up overnight.
She demanded he get life insurance.
He loved his wife. So did she.
He wished not to wish anymore.
Want to die, can't afford gun.
1...2...3 Just keep smiling
Five o'clock - out of tea bags.
"I'm hungry." "I know. Maybe tomorrow."
Amputee vet offered me her seat
"Let's pretend you didn't see that..."
She's hits like tequila and Strawberries.
In hindsight... Maybe Saddam was better.
Had two brothers -- now just one.
"My job *rarely* requires my skills."
Not gay if it feels good.
Broke the ice. Now trapped beneath
Cheeseburger, Cheeseburger wherefore art thou Cheeseburger
Ugly duckling transforms into wonderful dinner.
New American flag. Made in China.
Atheist. Joined /r/atheism. Considering new labels.
Upon tyrant's crumbling statue: MIGHT ENDURES.
Compared myself to sister. Joy evaporates.
It all started with the statues.
Baby
I've forgotten what we're fighting for.
hammer and nails change man forever
Last meal: steak. They overcooked it.
Do they make caskets this small?
I sleep in on Father's Day.
I painted a man, who died.
WEDDING DRESS (new condition): Anyone interested?
Never depressed when I was homeless...
"Not all who wonder are lost"
Wallet's last words, "But I talk!"
One-stop shop: car fixed, wallet broken.
Marihuana: The only relationship I had.
Jesus walks, but I just Uber.
For sale: soul: $8.95 an hour
Safety off, I ain't no hippy
Jesus walks, but I just UberX.
All-consuming reason consumed all reason.
Wheels kept spinning. Brakes didn't work.
Boss fired me yesterday. Damn Nazi-phobia.
Sometimes, you can't pour fast enough.
Spelunking the Internet. Discovered the monsters.
They hadn't learnt. I hadn't taught.
College. Different cities. Both faked heartbreak.
College. Different cities. Both fake heartbroken.
She wanted kids. Delivered breakfast, instead.
Born kneeling. Died on my feet.
Apple fell to sky. Newton's dead.
I met God. She was black.
Valar Morghulis. All men must die.
"He" loved her more than himself.
He was finally executed shortly thereafter.
His hand is cold in mine.
Do gay dads shut people up?
"Shut up, people. Dads are gay?"
you are not the father joseph
Neurons reverse-engineered. Consciousness absent. Quest continues.
Couldn't jump. Still wanted to fall.
"Shut up, Gays. Dads are people."
Snuggles the kitty. Bane of mice.
Enough chihuahuas can kill a tyrannosaurus.
She sighed. No time for the rental.
Mr. Gorbachev tear down this wall!
can't turn my body's firewall off.
For sale: my pants, very worn
Life signs found. Fire the weapon.
A vacation will do you well.
"Shut up, Dads! Straights are people!"
We really should tell Ron, Hermione...
"Shut up, Dad. Gays are people."
You told me we'd be forever.
Frozen in fear of ticking clocks
Today I installed World of Warcraft.
Ignored abuse. Kept job. Lost sleep.
Discovered his immortality in his coffin.
Chased after old girlfriend. Became exhausted.
Commute so short. Journey so long.
What's love? Baby, don't hurt me
The carriage, empty, before my stop.
Saw Dad today. Wasn't any epitaph.
She took my heart with her
Eyes betraying her, she denied it.
Celebrating Easter in Westeros. People Die.
They divorced at 94 years old
I will only be married once.
Just above "Wasting-My-Time" line
Saw you, reflecting me, reflecting you
Secrets reveal themselves in the son.
Like starlight, notice when I'm gone
Loaded up Skyrim. "Save Corrupted." Fuck.
"No, it's fine" said the wife.
Brisket is best left to Texans.
They promised me you'd come back.
I'm sorry, there is no cure.
I spent too long making these.
My child grew to hate me.
Had hoped for better than 59s.
Save my wife or my child?
No longer blurred by my ego.
"Who do you serve?" "Only myself."
"What should I do?" "Don't move."
Easter's canceled. They found the body.
We all used. He kept using.
This shot may kill me, cheers.
Bridge. Thought, down, regret. Nothing. 1,491.
Death takes a yoga holiday. Unwinds.
The ship fades while tears well.
Gotta choose between mom and her.
Explosive Easter eggs. Colorful fun ensues.
Everyone loved the show... after cancellation.
Immortal man sentenced to life imprisonment.
Steel jet fuel melt can't beams
She browsed Tinder. Idly at first.
Today, Romans commemorate zombie Jew's return.
Found an Easter egg Thanksgiving day
Man feels randy. Sheep wanders past.
" 'I' and 'a' aren't words!" I yelled at her.
The last bee left stung me.
Rape's so short. Healing so long.
My superstitions are better than yours.
Bad guy won, deal with it.
Earth... haven't seen it in years.
3 AM. Alcohol tastes like you.
Four long hugs. Still no kiss.
21 years later: 1:05 - 0 Messages
Strangers who were once in love.
Strangers who were once in love.
Children still play in Gaza streets
1 2 3 4 5...shit.
Easter Eggs hatched into something unexpected.
Bordedom. Kingdom of Immortals. Jesus Returns.
Once, I really didn't get it.
My Award Winning Six Word Poetry Jam
Time travel will be invented yesterday.
Bear roars. Eagle screams. Ukraine bleeds.
"I'm sorry you grieved." "I didn't."
We can't contain it. It's airborne!
"I loved him." "We all did."
None survived...I'm sorry Mr. President.
Married 20 years. Matched on Tinder.
Once a "we," now an "I."
Death was knocking. I wasn't answering.
Taxi! Follow that mother fu&amp;@ing giraffe!
Can I live without a heart?
I trudge on towards Dad's dream.
The ground approached. Former problems insignificant.
Four angry eyes soften over divorce-papers.
Gengiz Khan Academy besieging Khan Academy
Sheppard found dead after scarecrow sex
PO-Tay-Toes....boilem mashem stickem inna stew
Bit off too much. Chewing still.
Asalam Alakom...Welcome to Heaven, Pope.
Dark words, smoke and whiskey cured.
Volano erupted. She wasn't a virgin.
what what's taters precious? What's taters?
Chose life. Too late - already jumped.
Patient zero is in my crosshairs.
Tragedy
Sadly, looks were all there was.
"But... but... I want that fish."
Absence: vast. You can live there.
He makes stories now. Not scars.
The great,unrelenting weight of longing.
Jesus; the first trick turned pimp.
Wounded soldiers don't go to war.
Opened incognito mode. Found my daughter.
Second pregnancy, one day away. Miscarriage.
"Resistance is DLC." Borg sell out.
He makes stories now. Not scars.
Beaten. Broken. Dead. Rotting. Ascendant. Vengeful.
Twenty-six agreed "Cheat!" One smirked. Betrayal.
In cottonwool, the news entombs them.
Many opportunities. Unused. High turned low.
Empty home. Two officers. Empty family.
Bride sighs, "Settling?" But, uncertain, abides.
"i have genital herpes." -April 2nd
Breaking news: Humans have lost Earth
She leaves no pavement crack untrod.
Moved to Australia. Afraid of spiders.
Many opportunities. All unused. ~High~. Low.
Social critique is shrinking to soundbites.
Became manager. Work increased. Pay didn't.
Dumbledore summoned Neil Tyson, offered tenure.
There's something moving in your eye.
The fool was one day late.
tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, KABOOM!!
Make statement, call it a story.
"You'll find someone great", She said.
Door is closed. Time to sparkle.
April 2nd: She's still pregnant.
"I'm tired." He pulled the trigger.
Spark change? We need seeded plains.
I wanted to say, "I lied".
In cotton-wool, cable news entombs them.
2015--America becomes world's largest kindergarten.
01001001 00100000 01100011 01100001 01101110 00100000 01110011 01100101 01100101 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 01110010 00100000 01100010 01110010 01101111 01110111 01110011 01100101 01110010 00100000 01101000 01101001 01110011 01110100 01101111 01110010 01111001
"You're not Muslim," the bullet said.
Police finding Nemo! ... ... ... Police grilling Nemo.
Evil had cracks that admitted light.
"Well, that was dumb," said hindsight.
Ventriloquist at funeral causes zombie panic.
Many opportunities.... Unused. High felt low.
Police finding Nemo! ... ... ... Police grilling Nemo.
"Live. I'll wait in Heaven, asleep."
"Dad, tell me about old Earth,"
Clicked bad link. HELLO, System Restore!
Sarah Jessica Parker walks into a bar....
I still cry over you , why ?
Pressed button. I regret my life.
He wondered why he did that.
Her conversations rarely required her vocabulary.
Can jet fuel melt stone hearts?
So beautiful she can hardly walk.
I flushed, but Roger treaded water.
However, Earth was no longer visible.
Lonely, reliving my one night stands.
The sky cried instead of me.
Third Wheel. Second Choice. First Forgotten.
Wife: "It's me or THAT cat!"
Door locked? Phone off? Vibrator? Check!
I still remember you forgetting me.
Cyborg transformation done, you ok ?, Afirmative
A genius never knows he's one.
Psychonaut never fully returned from trip.
Suddenly, I just lost the game.
That's not lettuce it's cabbage son
Not all deserve death...he does.
The ocean was the only witness.
This is love...Don't turn around.
I love you, in my memories.
April fools means we can use seven?
I'm losing weight because of him.
Fired for stealing toilet paper, again.
"I love you." "Haha, April Fools!"
War. We expected Good versus Evil.
"At his prime, he was weakest"
Never mind... the toilet flushed, finally!
War, the true crime against humanity.
It took love to teach loneliness.
Lost: sparkling vampire. If found, mope.
Google? Wait, let me Duckduckgo it.
She's the perfect woman... butter face.
Lab partners breaking up. No chemistry.
Mom's late. Story of my life.
The gazelle gambolled. Bad bet. Lion!
Tragedy everywhere. So, off goes news.
Mom's late. Story of my life.
It took love to teach loneliness.
Tragedy everywhere. So, off goes news.
Tragedy everywhere. So, off goes news.
Night runner. Wore black. Tired driver.
Actually, we all act like adults.
April Fools? Well, fuck you too.
They learned alphabets in waiting rooms.
"A smaller coffin? How much smaller?"
"'Kill your darlings', huh?" thought God.
Knight slew dragon. Princess's fear grew.
Follow me, or be lost here forever.
We should probably see other people.
hating was easy, forgiving was not
Didn't seem like a bad idea
Many times I cried at night...
"What a rush," he said remorsefully.
My day was shorter than others...
Electrons have minds of their own.
Eureka! We've successfully altered human history!
1799: "Libert, Egalit, Fraternit"; 2015: USAPATRIOT
I won't survive a third divorce.
I don't know is not closure
New beginnings often require unexpected tragedy
Never trust the pig farm's owner.
Think: everyone knows somebody with cancer
For rent: unfurnished room, WIFI included
Lost, with a dead cell phone.
Found her :'( Coming home now.
Her boyfriend's pissed. I wonder why.
True face revealed, city fears me.
Expected ring. Got earings... And ring.
Turns out, you can barbeque cake.
what's this... a box of puppies?!
Eventually, the world forgot about snow.
Taylor Swift Declares Fatwa On Puppies
I'm a Russian.. The President confessed.
CONSTRUCTION AHEAD: Hell Road Repaving Project
Superman takes vacation. Hundreds feared dead.
"I'm alone," mouthed back my reflection.
Her father was not a dad
Man conquered Space. But not distance.
Recently miscarried. Expecting again. Nervous hope.
Forget the old, they'll forget you.
New hairdresser. Poor communication. New hat.
He loved, she didn't. How typical.
I crave you most before sleep
Noone knew pandas were responsible.
Stepfamily brings me into the cult
Miscarriage. Miscarriage. Miscarriage. Divorce. Pregnant. Miscarriage.
Taunted bears actually closer than thought.
"I'm looking forward to your funeral."
Man conquered Space. But not distance.
Quietly adrift amidst grief. Quietly unravelling.
Suicide note unreferenced in his obituary.
Repeat after me, "I AM FREE.."
He had schizophrenia. She had schizophrenia.
I hope you miss me sometimes.
I'm slowly learning to love myself.
Dog Fish Headaches christening new beginnings
My time has come... too soon.
Now I am the youngest child.
Now I am the oldest child.
What difference do your actions make?
But this time it feels alright.
Lost My Mind, Then Found It.
"I'll pay you." "But it's wrong..."
I will invent time travel yesterday.
"Subliminal advertising never stops! Subliminal advertising..."
My suicide note is too long
I keep my breathing to myself.
Customize, Hide Button, "Reply to All"
Back from Rome. Home sweet home.
I knelt; you screamed. We engaged.
The photographer refused to save him.
"Smoking section's down below," replied Peter.
Monday. Opening bleary eyes. Kansas, again.
Great war, guys. Hug it out.
The mannequins weren't made of plastic.
"I love you". We stopped texting.
For hire: Orchestra. No strings attached.
The rain was his last sight
If you jump, you will fall.
For hire: orchestra, no strings attached.
A kiss makes a huge difference.
"Woah, are you psycho or something?"
Don't worry, Dad. I can swim.
Family reunion ends in mexican standoff.
"Your religion's wrong sometimes. So's mine."
Suicide nearly scared me to death.
Two old holding hands let go
Smokes, booze left at baby aisle.
She only exists in my contacts.
I'm open to fall in love.
This orgasm will be her last.
Titanic of Expectations. Iceberg of Debt.
Pilot commits suicide. Kills 149 more.
You don't understand, I saved her.
I think I love you too
Stop writing stories like condensed headlines.
Don't hate people who like themselves.
Comparison is the thief of joy.
Leave, sir, for you offend me.
Shelby cobra bites the dust storm
Are you sure it isn't genetic?
Am scared. Feel nuts. Want sleep.
I Taught her.. Then tattooed everything.
She only left a note... , goodbye.
Future. A story you constantly write.
What? Who?! Where, when? How? Why?!
Forget him already you stupid heart.
My swords are sharper than pens.
We were all I hoped for.
Dead is dead, mom. Gotta go.
We're unfinished artworks of incomplete artists.
"Please use female pronouns" he insisted.
"... 3 hour tour?!?!.... It's been weeks!"
Abe Lincoln disguised as Bill Nye
My hands, were covered, with shame.
Now its google that asks questions.
Where else could Heaven have been?
"She" loved her more than himself.
What's your blood type... Dad's? Impossible.
Nothing can hurt us except us.
Congress reintroduces Crucifixion as execution method
Walking dead finale tonight at nine
Lies all around me, fake friendships
The bottle fell from his hand.
Hemingway wannabees, writing what we know.
How long has this been recording?
Lost God. Found Psychadelics. Found God.
How can you sleep? "I don't."
I will be silent as I wait
Everthing i've ever lost, is somewhere.
Poolside breakup resulted in someone drowning.
I grew thicker but not longer
Dying, she maps out every hour.
She is not my girlfriend anymore.
Ten shots down, tears still flow
The baby's cries brought rescuers' cheers
No tears were shed for him
Lust tested love. But love won.
Amidst the wings of the protector.
"Too tight?" japed the snarky hangman.
For him, I'm just a password.
I am sorry I outgrew you.
Wills. Obituaries. Loved ones become paperwork.
Carved himself a smile before dying.
I'll drive, you jerk, Me. Off.
Take off your pants and jacket.
My biggest lie. "Im fine, really."
"Any last requests other than Chipotle?"
The executioner's death wasn't literally ironic.
"Was it good for you?" "... ...Oh."
Destiny left scars. A cruel mistress.
Happiness is only pure, when shared.
Schizophrenia, it's all in your head.
Waiting for a seed to grow.
Finish typing out message. Erase. "Tomorrow."
I'll stir it with my penis.
I just can't do it anymore
Bought a bullet, the gun jammed.
I bullied my only true friend.
"Wrong number", said a familiar voice
My body won't let me cry.
They let their ring imprints fade.
We crashed faster to get higher.
day in, day out, but why?
Stupid drunk? I'm an educated alcoholic.
Convicted but innocent wife murderer escapes.
There's no respawning in real life
Last generation didn't succeed-- I will.
I never planned on living long...
Pulled over. "Fucking pig," son repeated.
It wasn't money the thief stole.
Sometimes it's easier to look away.
"No!" she yelled at suicidal whispers.
Who? Old what's his face? Twice.
Atheist comedian's funeral plan: hire ventriloquist.
UPDATE: Alien abducted successfully.. "Roger That. "
"Hi, how have you been?" "Better."
Is water supposed to be flammable?
It's a laundry mat / dive bar.
It was more annoyance than pain.
22 - Famous. 26 - Unstable. No 28.
"OW! Who left their Legos out!?"
My instincts and my mother agree.
Tell me how I kill "It".
I have a challenge for you: what's the longest but still grammatically correct 6 word story you can think of?
Her perfume still lingered on me
Family Stores: Very tough returns policy.
Kids play alone outside... Nothing happens.
2025, History Channel: Was Batman real?
The smallest coffins are the heaviest
Love is just a chemical, anyway...
I repressed that memory, he didn't
I repressed that memory, *he* didn't.
It was told in seven words.
God's gone. It's Tim's job now.
Just added Samaritans to my contacts.
Education gave me too many regrets
Serious situation realized way too late.
Him five four. Her five ten.
Through it all, the children slept...
...and through it all, the children slept.
"The Beef? No! Where's the CHICKEN?"
Antivirus corrupted, deletes itself, havoc ensues.
Do not blink, said the Doctor
I felt naked without my phone.
Ooops, this isn't six sword stories?!
Rain washed away my liquid existence
Best Friend Snuck In The Back
Jesus loves you. Vote for me.
The best man stole the ring...
Happy birthday to me, Happy birthday...
Unrequited love. Species mates for life.
Wanted: Time Travel Companion. Preferably Short.
Why are you so far away?
Uncle Jim's coffin was empty, again.
15: I'm sociopathic! 25: Just lonely.
Child says, "I was so scared!"
Pilot was locked out of cockpit
Face scars healed fast, eyes never.
What are you so scared of?
He quit before Death could call.
Heart's obsessions leads to mind's depression.
After years of waiting nothing came
Been there. Done that. Never again
No time for cradles; only coffins.
His Reddit post was about me.
WHY IS EVERYONE YELLING AT ME?!?
The apathetic harpy I call wife.
The smallest coffin was the heaviest.
"First to print -- Last to retract!"
Unfinished homework in the chemo room
And on that bombshell, Goodnight Everyone!
Clicked send, then threw up. Cried.
And the last bullet for me.
I did not shoot the deputy.
I think... No, never mind
Two prophets. One God. Holy war.
Adam and Eve blamed the Snake
First interplantetary offspring suddenly died yesterday
Life's fading and I'm doing homework
"He's not going to last long."
I hardly think about you anymore.
Pulitzer Prize Winner? Reddit Declares, "Shitpost!"
So I was just the Affair.
Wow, I guess Communism DOES work.
He is not me, please help
Died by the fucking sword nonetheless.
The rest of you might live...
 MiniTrue App (Official): Facts never changed!
"A difficult child", said bad mother.
 MiniTrue App (Official): Facts never change!
"Hi, I'm Jake." The jailcell stared.
'Fat!' says anorexia. Fatter before anorexia.
"Atom bomb test successful Mein Fuhrer."
Poverty kept his addictions contained. Success...
Revolver was my only drug pipe.
Tax land, tax water, tax air!
This time there was no goodbye.
Broken stove? Alright, microwave the eggs.
This roof draft: nees some correctections?
He couldn't teach shit to stink
"We apologise for the inconvenience" - God
Sleep. Drive. Work. Drive. Work. Sleep.
"Mr. President...Apollo 11...it's gone."
"She's still an addict." "Heroin?" "Jesus."
Bright lights above. Nothing left below.
You fool, the gag wasn't tight
For Sale: Childs coffin, not needed.
The face in the mirror just melted.
"Sorry, I need that kidney back."
At airport; watched her walk...again.
wheres the fucking remote? God dammit!!!
At airport: watched her walk...again.
"I don't have time clicking PLUS."
"No reason, I suppose," replied God.
Pain.
Affair ends marriage. Hers, not mine.
Most software bugs eliminated. Some added.
Dad lost job. I lost friends.
Perfect woman enters, former wife awakens.
Affair ends marriage. Hers, not mine.
"Count your blessings." "One kid lives."
He fell asleep in her arms.
"It's time" Her suicidal thoughts whispered.
From dad: red hair, freckles, PTSD
"Are you sexually active?" "Passive-aggressive."
My table is empty. Alone again...
Don't mention the war to dad.
finally, I'm now the oldest child
Astronauts find message on Mars. FLEE!
She needs anyone... but me, apparently.
Dad would never spill a drink.
"Pass the salt, you fucking whore."
There! I broke! Now go away!
War. When fathers bury their sons.
Here four days straight, go home!
her sudden death saved my marriage
I need you to save me.
Shooting up shortened a miserable life.
The town preacher lost his faith.
An unexpected death brought us peace
I wasn't lucky after all
Alien greetings arrived just too late.
Learned about the Terminator in Astronomy
Love Triangle
Unrequited love was easier than trying.
Mom died before I was born.
He aimed. He fired. "Click."
Her heart was racing. Mine wasn't.
Live everyday for the day after.
I just submitted another six-word story.
Entropy can be Defeated with Intention.
War was inevitable  they banned porn.
A Haiku: Refrigerator - Unconventionality - Now, Diabetes
"Chaotic good" turned to "lawful neutral".
I have laid down the sword.
Grandpa, what was the Internet like?
My bully changes his dad's diapers.
British cat bravely ignores facesitting ban.
Shouldn't have found out like this.
Wait, it's not what you think!
"Damn voters! They always screw non-voters."
Huntington's taking her. Want more time.
No pain. She was fast asleep.
For years, drinking alone wasn't lonely.
Huntington's taking her. Want more time.
Empty Advil bottle healed his pain.
Gas the kikes, race war now.
4 8 15 16 23 42
Only liars don't pee during showers.
"buried with her phone!" replied horrifyingly.
Who ever smelled it dealt it
Do people actually count these things?
The cops are on their way.
For sale: work boots, worn well.
We were so in love. Were.
See you soon, his last words.
Do not look at the sky.
"Just a small peek won't hurt."
I got a ticket. Dog didn't.
I can't afford to get divorced.
She doesn't even know my name.
Suicide; permanent solution to temporary problems.
"Don't!" he cried as she jumped.
Dead horse beaten with baby shoes.
His last words were his passwords.
I miss you so much babe...
Bought roses home. Keys didn't fit.
I meet her in my dreams.
"Don't quote me on this." ~Hemingway
She was buried with her phone!
The ball bounced out. *Buzzer sound.*
Craigslist: Treadmill for sale. Never used.
Funerals cost less than university tuition.
Does "goodbye" count as one word?
Text me when you're home
"No, never! I promise!" he lied.
The smallest grave holds greatest loss.
She's forever buried beneath my shadow.
Why don't the cuts bleed anymore?
Waiting, sipping at my ice cream.
My brother brought the war home.
Friends Online: 0 of 1 Online!
She opened the letter and gasped.
Hello? If someone's there, show yourself!
Pierce the void, reach the light.
Drinking alone is never any fun.
House burns down. Neighbours, not ours.
My glass half full just spilled
Maybe I'll make it out alive.
Dad, she died years ago... remember?
I'm going to lie to you.
stop thinking and write honest poetry
TIFU by saying yes to Netflix
My eyes are open. Come home.
Jet fuel can't melt steel beams
I changed my netflix password jerk
Train is coming, he is gone.
Tomorrow is another chance at perfection
-green- "yes." -green- "Yes!" -yellow- "DAMMIT!!"
Five minutes away, five hours ago.
I have been breed to die.
I should not have done that.
I regret kissing you too late.
Fourteenth anniversary. Never felt so alone.
Mankind tripped, short life on Mars.
Cancer defeated me. Then I it.
I thought you were a rebound.
"What was your expected output?" ".... ... boobs?"
Light picked me up. I belive.
Varlonx managed the unthinkable. Worth it?
I invented cars. And car crashes.
What do you have to prove?
"Do eclipses usually last for days?"
Smoking marihuana leads to Taco Bell
"How do I Reddit?" asked Dad.
She is my glass half full.
Search: 'How long before cuts heal'
She would take care of me.
Glory is worthless when you're dead
My depression-relieving pills were left untaken.
Other bodies cannot replace your silence.
blank
Composed song, lived, loved and lost.
Pianist lives without organs  Scientific American
Judgment, erroneously spoken, would rescue me.
Alonso Martinez: My ~~second~~ only son.
Bizarrely something emerged interrupting his reflection
Mirror
Why, you ask? Lucifer loved Eve.
I think I think too much
The flame flickers but never dies
Drinking will not bring her back.
"Duck!".I didn't see any birds.
Stuck in bathroom. No toilet paper.
I left her a message. "Seen"
You need to let me go.
We stare at our tiny rectangles.
Had a family, now I'm alone
I expected the Spanish Inquisition today.
Heartbreak
Men must die to achieve perfection.
I just wrote a six-word story.
Peering into screens, searching for what?
Minutes away from Earth. Never visited.
Bear : 1. (noun) type of rug.
Bear (noun) : a type of rug.
Wife gave her boss a raise.
Tesla announces clone workforce for 2017
"You appear lost," said St. Peter
Won a nobel. Dad still unimpressed.
Where was all of this before?
For sale: Cardboard pinhole camera, unused
The "My Generation" generation got old...
His blood has stained my hands
Never was able to say "Goodbye"
"How are you alive?!" He shrugged.
Scientist announces "Morals are blocking progress"
I just want to forget him.
Blood on hands, forever ends now.
She's hiding "love" marks under sleeves
This post is my final mistake.
Stranger in the mirror seems familiar.
Fifty first president impeached by internet
Tales From The Family Crypt
Stairway to heaven forgot about wheelchairs
Looking at him... He passes by.
Minutes away from space. Never visited.
Flowers given to cold, rotting hands.
I called the judge "your majesty".
Beauty blooms from the darkest pit
Darkness brought me to the light
My Stomach Becomes Hungry Before I.
War, Pestilence, Famine, Death: humans all.
The flowers given to cold hands
Wait... Is EVERYONE here a Cylon?
Everything is a Chance at Scale.
"Finally, free!" resounded from cellblock D-7.
It is easy to love another
Dad beat me. Now, I him.
Children stop being precious at 18?
I never really loved you, son.
Fighting naked is our only chance.
Blackout. Human interaction blooms and STD's.
Love her for.. Her hate speech..
Homeless man. Asleep. Cold water. "Scram!"
Made a wish, wished I hadn't
Confirmation came as a folded flag
She's in his arms, no pulse.
60 years patiently waiting for death.
One perfect night is not enough
Teen daughter's search history: Pregnancy signs
I gave love a second chance.
Yelled Jihad. Tackled by angry passengers.
One night will never be enough.
Hitler's art school teacher accepts bribe
Final digit of pi? It's 4.
I fell down the stairs, officer.
Don't try at home? Challenge accepted.
Headlines read: First Lady's First Wife.
Alphabetical because certain disorders elicit fanaticism.
It is difficult to love yourself
"Wait for me." Smile. Promise. Lie.
Martian colony declares independence from Earth
"Relax, we'll fix the next election."
Wicked ways, pheasant glaze, sticky undergrowth.
Silent tears cry louder than words
Netflix password changed?... She dumped me.
Step one: Say "Good riddance, Dad."
Bittersweet. Went from goddaughter to daughter.
Finds /r/sixWordStories, but can't count to six.
Called hospital, wife's surprisingly in labor.
Beat Cancer. Bills are killing me.
"Anonymous internet criminals are your bank ???"
Stopped drinking coffee. Smelled of work.
Brother hates Reddit. Brother in hospital.
I didn't plan to find out
"Riots??? Don't need your stinking riots."
"Remember defendant, guilty till *proven* innocent."
One night was nowhere near enough.
"Relax, we'll fix it next election."
Kennedy's Death Suit (Genuine) - 40 available
Am i strong or just numb?
six word story
I don't feel like me anymore.
undaunted, unwavering, eternal, forever alone, Superman.
"At Last I'm Alone" "Anybody there?"
I want to be white again!
I searched Google for "depression tests"
Faith: the lender of last resort
Envy is wanting another man's problems
Ice cream truck brakes. Too late.
I did love you. I did.
SOLIDARITY NOW! Now? How about now?
9/11 raised awareness for domestic violence
Dinner date with an empty seat.
Everyone decried problems: nobody solved them.
We all serve life in prison.
Making licking illegal won't stop cats.
Nowadays all virtues are harshly punished.
Playing Diablo III. My knife oinks.
Found it on wikipedia. Tips fedora
To be a rebel.. Will do all I can.
She left. The feelings did not.
Why help? Take a cellphone video.
Diagnosed with autism. Professor on autism.
Dtopped drinking coffee. Smelled of work.
Once a citizien, *always* a citizien.
She dumped me. Netflix password changed.
Cameras didn't always lie to us.
Hundreds of selfies. Billions of moments.
Hospital
He walked alone. "Needlessly," some said.
Hundreds of selfies. Billions of moments.
Adjective Noun Verbs other Noun Adverbly.
Angels? Demons? I call them people.
It hurt me, they shouldn't have.
I miss you, I miss us.
I turned gravity off for awhile..
Virgins complaining about age of consent.
***ISS now being controlled by ISIS***
blue skies
Hello, suicide prevention hotline, please hold.
The devil made me do it.
When in doubt, rub one out.
Pet insurance covered best friends murder.
Is that all? How very unexpected.
He was supposed to be unarmed.
The sound of silence was deafening .
Sometimes, I feel like your stories...
Big boys, loud noise, sex toys.
He took one step before twelve. RIP
Completed the maze. Where am I?
she touched me, she shouldn't have.
I pulled the finger...much suffering
The Valley, littered with failures, emptied.
Don't worry. I'll grab a towel.
Readers read faster than writer writes.
Lost my virginity, it was... underwhelming.
Social drink. Conjoined engines. Became drunk.
Breakup. Same friends. Technically stay together.
Chastity belt - more or less impregnable.
Luck favored me, just... not enough.
You see nothing but the past.
The Best Man loves the Bride.
Too bad about the baby, though.
"I looked forward to living forever."
Discovered Mom's secret weapon: sibling rivalry.
Pay Attention to the News Tomorrow.
For sale: stillborn baby, gratis shoes.
"She... probably didn't feel any pain."
Look for for the problem with this.
God Bless America. Everyone's a priest.
Another busy day of doing nothing.
Martian attack brings everyone together. Finally.
Hallucinations getting worse; seeing a psychiatrist
I love this show. It's cancelled.
There he stood: a man, dead.
Blast radius lower than effective range.
THERE ARE SPIDERS BEHIND MY EYES!!!
Are contractions two words or one?
Going to hell. Be back soon.
That sucks. He just shat himself.
A child's voice... I live alone!
there was a boy, he died
"Touch yourself. No, not there. There."
Write stories, not random one-liners.
Why? We were just following orders.
his read, '...good' hers said, '...bye.'
Tomorrow? nope, not where you're going.
Sometimes life can end abruptly, so
We don't need no stinkin' badges
Message seen at 2:40am
I've always hated the word "potential".
It's back. You have one month.
I am my own worst enemy.
I wish to wake up dead.
Hodor? Hodor. Hodor. Hodor? Hodor. Hodor!
The undead! Only head shots lads!
Exposition, rising action, climax, falling, resolution.
I thought about it and stopped.
If you see this stay strong.
the sun only makes it worse
Today I became afraid of myself.
Bread and bruda makes good broast.
These pretzels are making me thirsty.
For breakfast, graham crackers and milk.
Who're you callin' a chicken, chicken?
He started to love too late
I6 you'5e rea4ing thi3? i2's 1oo...
Roll the dice and think positively.
For Rent: One Fleshlight, lightly used.
We march, we die, for who?
I still see it when dusting.
Damn, I really fancied that sandwich.
"Confess", he said to the victim.
His moustraps are non-lethal, now.
He lost at Russian roulette, again
Muscular Dystrophy. It's not terminal, right?
World ended yesterday. Browsed Reddit today.
Marked as "Read'. Three hours ago.
"There was Internet in 1994? Wow."
"I'm tired," she said wide awake.
No more nightmares. Mom's a citizien.
I ran, but not fast enough.
She didn't know I was watching.
Where else would we do it?
I cannot put bandaids on my heart.
My Drink. My Girl. Our Joint
Don't worry about the collateral damage.
The cure was one month late.
I don't wanna use six words.
Bin Laden: Sealed for Your Protection
A cat establishes its personal identity.
Anterograde amnesia: "...we're married" "Since when?"
Not everyone's story can be inspirational.
You were supposed to be temporary.
"We overpopulated, so we melted Antarctica."
Snow was bountiful. Roof was weak.
"It's spread to my lymph nodes."
"Dude... your college isn't a college."
- "This place is nice." - "It was."
Life changed. Mom's now a citizien.
Job hunting. Facebook receives a face-lift.
"I'm... some kind of monster. Run."
Number erased easily. Love less so.
Hugged ghosts. They didn't let go.
He bought two Mother's Day cards.
Good? Bad? I'm holding the gun.
Let's push the beds together tonight.
Moore's Law also applied to bombs
Being female as a man, hard.
The Skid Lord Raised Shart Bringer.
Jet fuel can't melt steel beams.
There is no harmony without chaos.
Peace just isn't worth the effort!
Gadgets saved time... that went somewhere.
Baby's a mermaid; doesn't need shoes.
We held hands and embraced oblivion.
Great A'Tuin swam on. He'd endure.
They could. They should. They're not.
Administration's ambiguous instructions tax unidentifiable resources.
What is the cost to be gone?
Great A'Tuin swam on. He'd endure.
Wikipedia edit: changed "is" to "was".
The world waited for Kanye's response.
Evolve
He brought me coffee in bed
Sucked into internet found rule 34.
Fuck! We are out of blood.
Life called. It left a message.
Sex with her was like vanilla.
Kennel was lighter on way out.
Did my pen run out of
How meaningless compared to the sound.
Bridge Jumper: "Everything's fixable. Except... this - "
God told me he doesn't exist.
Donner's
Turns out Mama Gump was wrong
Not just pleasantries under pleasant trees.
She suffocated. His thumb covered peanut.
Isis infiltrates blood supply. Patients panicking.
Despite everything.... a bitter love lingered.
"Goodbye" He said... one last time.
Wifi causes cancer, who would've thought.
Obama: Isis infiltrated America's Blood Centers.
Morning wood is "the breakfast chub"
"Motherly love" was a foreign phrase
Future car: great mpg, better Mbps.
Economics based ethical system sells out
One Room. Three Studs. One Slut.
A Starving Pauper. Discount Sushi!? Regret.
I'm drunk; get used to it.
"I'm free.. " screamed while boarding Titanic.
"You're too clever for flattery, sir."
:D
Sadly, she never kissed me back.
"He's not your father, I am!"
Reaching for stars... A life wasted.
Hunting Tiger. Fear. Running. Hiding. Shame.
President Musk just declared Martian independence.
Why did you make me chose?
In complaining: united. On changes: divided.
You played games I couldn't win.
Sad story, blah blah, upvote please?
Alien life found, call themselves humans
New daddy. Home still quite broken.
New daddy. Home still quite broken.
Beaten. Bruised. Broken. But not defeated.
He had a gun. I didn't.
Her massages don't soften him up.
"It's just daddy's court-mandated tattoo."
The final whiskey tasted like water..
Today is my first cake day.
Lovestories end one of two ways.
The car won't brake. It'll stop.
"Just one more," six beers ago.
*It even rains under the bridge*
you are the universe experiencing itself
"You miss me?" - Had to think
No longer engaged: diamond ring, cheap!
Every Happiness Has It's Own Consequences
(ps: baby has very big feet)
After divorce, old love-letter found. Kept.
Got hit on by female assassin
She only wished to die again.
Corrected grammar nazi. A subtle smile.
Bended knee, ring... the wrong twin.
NSA vanishes! Actually alien science expedition.
Assassination Report: Targets killed with kindness.
Alone; single lamp room. Two shadows.
Not guilty by lack of coffee.
Her heart stopped beating forever today.
"Goodbye World!" Nobody had programmed that.
I have never lied. Until now.
The Universe was once infinitesimally small.
She would have been six today.
For sale: baby feet, jizzed on.
Cigarette glows. Target acquired. Smoking kills.
I'll watch just one more episode...
Reach out, but not too far
"Delicious!" Nobody knew it was human.
Clenching Mind. Tight Grip. No Control.
"9" and "1". Never finished dialing.
Baby Frankie wobbles... two left feet!
His patience was never tested again.
Guilty then proven innocent. Years unrefunded.
"My conspiracy's bigger than your conspiracy!"
Enemies list shortens. Forgiving... and killing.
Beer run. Unnoticed smouldering cigarette. Flames.
Son's a marine, I'm the alcoholic.
Mom, get Dad there's someone-- Mom?
His third wish: kill her again.
I knew where my towel was.
The short one took my leg.
Practiced with shoelaces around my neck.
Bended knee, ring... and one lie.
He beat me. I'll kill him.
Working. No reason to go home.
I hate life; life hates me.
Bended knee, ring... and one lie.
I got her number. Now what?
My last request? Prove my innocence.
Swear word = Drink. Boston Family Dies.
Shoot for the stars, become one.
Making her smile, I lost mine...
Suddenly, the waiting room was smaller.
Sunday: red wine, self-pity cigarettes.
"Young man: abusive relationship, gone fishing."
"Do you think I'm stupid?" "Yes."
"Having kids?" - "No. Raised two parents."
Welcomed with open arms, blinded eyes.
Most importantly, 007, lead-repulsing underwear
"This might be your last chance"
Declare war with flair and gusto!
A thousand tales, this sentence told.
"There's a gerbil in my arse."
Lost purity ring, please check vagina
I am most honest on Reddit
time. I think I'm traveling through
"It's an urban legend." "Not anymore."
Stars, fresh air, romance... and bugs.
Stars, fresh air, romance... and bugs.
One enemy to another: "Take me"
Needed a diary for my sanity
Alone amongst stars, alone amongst loneliness.
She died, then won the lottery.
Stars, fresh air, romance... and bugs.
She screamed stop, he didn't listen....
My breasts, they are missing, imagined.
Apathy toward end of it all.
6am?! Again! Writer's block's killing me.
"Sorry Mrs. Were out of coffins"
no piano, but someone is singing.
Maximum height law passed. Giants ducking.
Her tears seeped into the rocks
Midget politician: "Rules're for little people."
Still waiting on that "read" receipt.
Lost cat. If found, DON'T return.
Out of boxers. Creative improvisation required.
He won't be needing shoes anymore.
Staring... Chug beer. Chug beer. ..."Hello."
A red dinosaur entered the room
My wedding present: the divorce papers.
The hugs were tighter that day.
"Just hold your breathe," he smiled.
Dirt was no longer dirt cheap
No, just one coffee this time.
"Where's my mother?" "You killed her."
Relationship has gotten boring. Persevere? Gamble?
Illiberal values scientifically validated. Democracies ponder.
Human blood stinks like Graktha piss.
Party ended but not everyone knew
Took help. But, relied on myself.
"Time And Relative Dimension In Space???"
He keeps swimming, far from land.
Resurrected he gasps, age-old questions answered.
He keeps swimming, far from land.
Every mirror was smashed into shards.
Billy's right. Only the good die
"Stop!" she pleaded. "Never!" he laughed
Once was, never will be again.
Dog finds owner on deserted island
FOR SALE: Wedding dress; never worn.
Fresh harvest in - kidneys on sale.
I did-- long time ago. Once.
Murder mystery party becomes too real.
She didn't say no, your honor.
I need to die now. Seriously.
I remembered something funny in court.
Have to discipline my cow...again.
Only with death, did fear leave.
"It was an accident." He lied.
Sleeping stray dog wags its tail
"Dream," sang heroes. And I believed.
I'm not taking you to Prom.
My game? I troll Grammar Nazi's.
Why not five words? Too few?
"Father, I'm an atheist." "Amen, child."
"That's not fair!" "Life isn't fair."
I believe I'm imagining this subreddit.
Midnight chimes. Birds twitter, "Bonjour Worker"
I'm bored. Soon I won't be.
You're 'great'... with the appropriate stats.
Human bodies shouldn't make that noise.
Loving my neighbour... and hating myself.
Do not mix medication with alcohol.
Goodnight bite. Beyond bliss. Zombie love.
"Gay?" "Do you want to abort?"
Again, he put down the bottle.
Crying for help... always brings laughs.
"Hi, I'm Jessica!" Said Gary Glitter.
"*I* am your heir!" she cried.
Why six words? That's way too
Arrested for attempted suicide. Punished twice.
The caller ID read "Sheriff's Office."
My shadow is more clearly defined.
The child lay starving. Cameras clicked.
"Why?" The tombstone didn't have answers.
Bond, John Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt Bond.
Learning to walk without looking down
Still submitting six word stories, eh?
Unconditional love's single condition. Requirement: requited.
Coffins Shouldn't Come in That Size.
I'm Sorry, The Surgery Went as Expected.
Crying for help... always brings laughs.
Love you; miss you already.
Heavy turbulence. Explosive diarrhea. Airplane bathroom.
The merchant traded banana for scale.
"Hi, my name's Alice," said Jessica.
The last words were, "I wish
Won't see my little Albert again.
Time's progressed, but I have not.
I poured out another bottle today.
Heartbroken. Praying that once is enough.
Pitter-patter. Cheated. The consequences toddle away.
Started the adventure with a kiss.
She arrived ten seconds too late.
Tomorrow I will know fewer people.
Heartbroken. Crying. Praying first=last.
Pitter-patter. Cheated. The consequences toddle away.
I'd run out of boxers... experimenting.
He hanged from his boyfriends belt.
They changed the locks. It's over.
My Dad? He's out getting smokes.
You slip into serenity. I cry.
Let me kiss you. Just once.
Somewhere out there, you came back.
These Shoes Would Be Her Size...
His last words were "shoot me".
Asked for help. Marked as spam.
You always move from me, perpendicularly
IQ level: genius. Income level: zero.
Gas masks weren't always this necessary
Memories are created to be forgotten.
You're a perpendicular line from me
Swallow the terror of listening eyes.
Mommy? What's wrong with the sky?
"Is this chair taken." "No." "Thanks."
voices churning, beg to not feel
I only talk to her voicemail.
In the end, they shot him.
'Discussing is different than mandating, bitch.'
Write everything down. Try to remember.
Tornado on mars kills six residents.
my biggest mistake: not saying goodbye
Farted too hard, dislocated my coccyx.
waking dream, you see into me
"Beware of" written on chewed sign.
Farted to hard, dislocated my ass.
The second coming coincided with WW3
"To serve man." It's a cookbook!
My mind is a virus. Replicate!
A wise man once said nothing.
Beginning, middle, end. Complete the circle.
Unfortunately, love did not equal compatibility.
one more to stop the shaking
I cried for help, they laughed
Our thoughts are known by satellites.
"Stop, my parents are home..." "Good."
picture of sonogram, "They never suffered."
It felt alot better last night.
He sits sidelined, on a wheelchair.
I wasted my life doing nothing.
He went softly into the night.
He went silently into the night.
I was only promised a buck-fifty.
I'm going to call your parents
"Is that my son?" "Not anymore."
I'm alone, but I have stars.
As long as someone felt something.
"Google's Prime Minister wins 6th term"
Waldo? He's in a better place.
Prozac, and a Vitamin D supplement.
Then he asked me for tree-fiddy
My six word story
They're blood, but they're not family.
Woke up; bottle still in hand.
My bloating corpse is disintegrating .Yikes !
"IT'S IMPOSSIBLE!! ROBOTS CAN'T HURT HU-"
Meteor hits Jurassic Park. No survivors.
Pitter-patter. Divorced. My son toddles away.
This saccharine world must burn.
Nothing lasts forever. Not even love.
If you're here, who's walking upstairs?
We failed "forever". But that's okay.
Moths are the poor man's butterfly.
Saw the sun rise last night.
I'm alive; that must mean something.
Always the bride, never a bridesmaid...
Why do I lie? She asked.
Your prank took months of recovery.
I lost everything to gain more.
I wanted my idea of you.
Perfect for me, not for her.
Me: "I love you"; Her: "Thanks."
I'm getting tired of waking up.
That's IT! Mom, dad, you're grounded!
They win! Last library stays open.
How I feel at the moment ...
"We nearly hit that iceberg, Sokka!"
Mrs. Underwood, do you want this?
This is a six word story.
You promised me forever. You lied.
We studied 1995 in history today.
Will to live ebbing... Ooooh shiny!
LAST NIGHT
1st
I called. No response, as usual.
He was nostalgic for Angry Birds.
"The Dress." Debate over color, again.
She lied. Death didn't part us.
A lonely birthday can end tragically.
Sorry, UN. Missed strongly-worded letter. Kim.
"Don't bother coming back, she's dead."
My heart should just stop trying.
Deathbed reconciliation. Then Dad got better.
Sorry, UN. Missed your strongly-worded letter.
A dress so illogical, Spock died.
Curiosity responded "I'm cold, and lonely"
I don't know I am dead.
My Mercedes is bigger than yours.
Jesus is back, And he's PISSED!
Nobody remembered him for his photography
"Spock" lived long and prospered. R.I.P.
Chief's daughter. Conqueror's lover. Emperor's mother.
"The cause of death?" "The usual."
He whispered, "Live long and prosper."
+ "What is this question?" - "An answer."
Even Tears Can't Wash This Away.
The bride said ''I do... not.''
+ It's never good enough.. - For? +Me!
"Spock" lied long and prospered. R.I.P.
Are all her bridesmaids are pornstars?
Tomorrow I will not be alive.
Two dollars. Some Bread. Still Hungry.
AI. Excruciatingly bored. Scared of death.
Waldo? He's with his family now.
Overdosed on pills; no longer sick.
It found us watching them eat.
The fire intensified; the pain deminished.
Oh, dammit! The seat's still warm!
"Stop patronizing me." "It's 'pa-truh-nahy-zing', sweeeeeetie."
War hound
Wally Watcher
"Are you lying?" "No," answered God.
AI. Excruciatingly bored. Scared of death.
Always my hero. Never my father.
The enlightened lives lost their light.
No silk on the silk roads
I used to have an ass.
Why do we live to die?
"'What killed him?' 'Pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism, pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis, floccinaucinihilipilification.'
Slave to generosity. Selflessness life sentence.
I love ~~getting~~ ~~high~~ ~~with~~ you.
Giving up yields the same results
"Where will you go?" "Anywhere else."
Her autopsy showed no Huntington's Disease.
She said, "We need to talk."
Head hung, sobbing. I miss her.
Impassive gaze, tearing heart: Internally dwindling
Wrong time, wrong place, wrong son.
When the gun jams, it's fate.
Moderator painstakingly creates sidebar. Nobody notices.
Nine hours of sleep; still exhausted.
"What do you mean Freddy disappeared?"
Search for immortality ends in cancer.
"I've bookmarked all your social pages."
I never forgot you. Just facades.
Sirius' godchild became a star today
"Please. Someone. Anyone. Look at me"
Taught 'Stranger Danger'. It was family.
Sirius' nephew became a star tonight
Aliens abduct humans. Humans destroy planet.
60th anniversary. They share laugh lines.
Weighed myself. Pooped. Gained a pound.
Sirius' nephew became a star tonight
Looking for a date? Click HERE.
Morning me doesn't like evening me
"Welcome to America. Here's your gun."
Everything ceased to exist. Corrupted save.
In an abandoned building. Hear footsteps.
I Thought She Was My Mother!
Six word stories are like clickbait.
Ayuda!  mi reddit es en Ingls!
"Last words? What are you talki--"
"Oh God, he's dying!" "Keep filming."
Broken
Cat; in need of new friend.
Sit. Stay. Okay buddy, go ahead!
I am not my father's son.
One last breath then I'm free.
Stories have beginnings, middles and ends.
6 8 9; 9 8 6.
Rejection was silent, gunshot was not.
Mom's ashes flitted away, forever free.
Killed my dad. Still hate life...
I always win Russian roule.... *bang*
I wanted you to be perfect.
I pulled the trigger. Nothing happened.
Up Next. Law &amp; Order: SJW
Why didn't our timing ever work?
You forgot about me. Thank you.
Teachers are very difficult to teach.
&lt;&lt;Fuck Facebook&gt;&gt; 8 people like this.
"Missing homework?" "Couldn't stop contemplating suicide"
Wife is pregnant, but I'm sterile.
Dessert: donating my meal to homeless.
We'll always have the Dry Tortugas.
Gay. Executed. Oil washes away blood.
She screamed "HELP!" Everyone ignored her.
I hear crying, it's a boy!
Dead son's dogs are now hers
My son's dogs are now mine
She pushed; he came out dead.
Slippery ice. Ate shit. Discovered fetish.
The Universal truths, in six words.
I see you waiting, I'm free.
She loves me when she drinks.
Indebted, tears fall on worthless diploma.
He came, then collapsed. She sighed.
Matthew Broderick // Is pentasyllabic if // Superpronounced.
Childhood memories repossessed by the bank.
The dragon fancied himself a hero.
[META] I had an interesting idea.
This rope's looking like a tie.
Went alone, returned married, still alone.
she didn't write her suicide note
Some days I feel like trolling.
My dads disapprove of my girlfriend.
Watching himself carefully, dieter turns narcissist.
Grieving the girl I gave away.
"I do" He whispered, too late.
Played with Barbies. Still became engineer.
After five days, they stopped searching.
Fired with enthusiasm. Fired, with enthusiasm.
After the shockwave, we rallied together.
Procrastinator lives forever, puts off dying.
I was wrong. Machine was not.
Time Gates closed.. Open the portal!
She shredded her diploma and smiled.
This sub, blah blah blah, Hemingway.
He took after his mother's rapist.
He fell outta love, into hell
Today would've been her third birthday.
Disabled remote user. Delete from memory?
Deleting your picture, hoping more disappears
UFO sighting unreported; continuing with reconnaissance.
I just witnessed an island's birth.
"The krabby patty secret formula is--"
I left, but your significance stayed.
Neighbors report incessant quarreling - then shots.
You look happy online. That's good.
I had sex with my therapist.
Just like that, we became strangers
You felt like home. I'm homesick.
Hemmingway would be proud of us.
Suddenly, no, at last, I couldn't--
Bob's your uncle! Reincarnation scientifically proven.
Dessert quickly soured on her tongue.
Bob's your uncle! Reincarnation scientifically proven.
Enemies list. Friends list. Some overlap.
six-word little fragments like this
Bob's your uncle! Reincarnation scientifically proven.
Target missed! Collateral damage! Abort mission!
This sub is sadder than Hemmingway
This is my six word story:
- Orange jumpsuit? - Check. - Cage? Gasoline? - Check.
Six words was too long.
I don't have enough room to
Went viral. Now everyone hates me.
Hot dog ends; animal buttholes. Relevant.
They left together. Only one returned.
Often, my ideas cant fit in
six word story
I never heard such loud screams
Lucid dreamer dies learning life's death.
Larry David
Does this kitchen come with satisfaction?
Attempted and succeeded. Now I'm dead.
Protect and Serve
Her name...Vanilla Bland. Sex - scary.
trapped u gnihsaw u. send ld
The asteroids held a perennial meeting.
Childhood abuse. Domestic violence. Life sentence.
I wish I could feel something.
Does this unit have a soul?
Your eyes forever glued to mine..
"Sophie's vegan nowadays." "Paleo, mum! GOD!"
She made her cats the bridesmaids
Close encounter. Months later, first interspecies.
After that...sex was the cigarette.
Please Exhume My Dead Aunt Sally
My six words
Fill your every breath with meaning
"Quick?" "Yeah, bullets travel pretty fast."
I heard steps over the coffin.
Bought a gun, bought her freedom.
They wouldn't notice the world explode.
No, but I used to smile.
Died twenty years before his burial.
Lovebites on chest....I live alone...
World's my oyster. Allergic to shellfish.
Won the lottery... Trying for more!
Why are we on the moon?
"Captain, the Titanic's sinking!" "Duct tape?"
Won the lottery... Trying for more!
Oh my God! I chose cremation!
"Captain, the Titanic's sinking!" "Duct tape?"
I had a nightmare about you.
One gun. Two shots. I love...
That's one small step for... CUT!
Please go to sleep, please, Please!
It was the day science died.
Roses are red. Justice is not.
One Two Three, Four Five Six.....
Childfree to childless in six words.
Hmm. Something not sad. FLUFFY KITTY!!!
He forced himself to eat, for once.
She wanted to want to live.
I killed your friend last night.
I was never needed anyway.
I wonder if she's happy now.
Keep waiting, she says to herself.
Went to sleep; woke up dead.
kiss the beast, release the prince
My hand smells like balls. Weird.
"I'm his mother, not his father."
Finally going to see mom again.
Shaved her head one last time
People: Anxiety, Love: Anxiety, Death: Serenity
"Alas." Pluck. "One fewer beautiful soul."
Beneath hidden stars, life seeks light.
"Mum'll be home soon." He lied.
Hard work. Inspiration. *More* hard work.
Used the word "love". She didn't.
Made each others last minutes spectacular
Politics had become "A study shows..."
White flag on Red ground. "Peace."
Take note: choose Light or fight
You're the reason I can't love
The voice I hear, it's her.
I don't have a 'real me'.
"Am I in the right bathroom?"
Spends more on booze than food.
Distance remained same, but it grew.
roses are red, violets are bl-
A world apart; only finite distance.
"I was never made for love."
+My desires are... ''Unconventional'' -Show me
We're the last two left m'lady
She accidentally touched him with purpose.
Incontinent nymphomaniac comes and goes simultaneously.
Born and passed in one day.
One day. Three moods. Relationships: interesting.
Opening /r/suicidewatch in an incognito tab.
And then he kissed her, finally!
The gas masks didn't fit children.
I loudly heard their silent screams
Fucked too long. Now a Necrophiliac.
Suffering the silence of our infatuation.
"Better watch yourself" said the narcissist.
Fuck this shit, I'm going home!
Everything is broken; nobody knows why.
Ending Previous Program.. Earth.002 Booting Up...
Son left for the last time
One day felt like three autumns.
Riptides and undertows: worse at night.
Urine sample? Have a semen sample.
Missing someone I never really knew.
"That was... intense. I want more."
He realized: We are the machines.
"No. It's not A.I. It's life."
High school
She's the one for me ''was''
The police box stood, gathering dust.
razor blade toothbrush draws fresh blood
She smiles. In love. Confession dies.
Thursday tomahawks. Cheap and violent haircuts.
Paralyzed, I watched them bury me.
Exhausted in ways you can't understand.
Closing the typewriter, he sighed: "War."
0 DAYS WORKED SINCE LAST ACCIDENT
~~1073~~ 0 DAYS WORKED SINCE LAST ACCIDENT
Emotional decisions are best made armed.
It's almost like she's not here.
"Don't Shoot," he said, hands raised.
Dream of heaven, awaken to hell.
Modern-day bullying, right-click save send laugh.
Lies set our research back years.
"Dee-Dee... I leave you my laboratory."
Dee-Dee, I leave you my laboratory.
King is gone , hes not forgotten
I wish I'd locked that door.
Is this your clitoris? No, mine!
I taught grandpa how to surf
I didn't know he could cry.
Attacked by aliens; saved by cats.
"Actually, this is my first coming"
Everyone knows something that you don't
Just nine lives, but ten rounds
But this amp goes to eleven.
Christian astronauts arrive in their heaven.
"Are you a father?" "I was."
Lately, every day is deja vu.
Today I punched my dad's pimp.
I hoard my own life insurance
Time flies. You be the pilot.
Brevity implies an end; Continue on:
Time Traveler finally eliminates last regret.
Ate my twin. We were twenty.
I thought it was a rash...
"You're still crazy." "Are you not?"
You Can't Play God
Early to bed, never to rise.
Her autobiography painted me the villain.
LIGHTER - Death - Feather - Mountain - Duty - HEAVIER
"For trade: Love", "Price?" "Long Distance".
Widower cuts onions to hide tears.
A baby's cries relieve every paramedic.
Is this your clitoris? Guess so.
Her death gave me my life.
Her death has saved my life.
Futile? No, I have seen worse.
Dying with honor is still dying.
He liked to call himself "modest".
Dancing made gravestone topple, crushing him
"Daddy!" She yelled at his graduation.
I'm not afraid to die again.
If you're pregnant, it's murder-suicide.
Hug-a-tron rampages: millions dead, four injured.
Heart only beats out of habit.
Children's laughter revived the coma patients
So I'm the only child again.
We carried her across the finish.
Synthetic love for sale! Programmed today!
After sex change, Jorge became, "Hey, whore!"
"That's when the bomb went off "
"They're bluffing", he said, costing lives.
Sarcastic instructions taken literally, thousands dead.
Open office cursed with closed minds.
Haiku? No. The new art form.
He's always smiling, yet never happy.
We've never been seen as equals.
He watched solemnly; she never resurfaced.
Who's gassing? The chamber, I'm afraid.
"Here" She said. "Love her now"
The standing ovation rested his soul.
"I miss you", said the whore.
She swore she loved me more...
"Think they're bluffing, but we'll see."
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious psychoneuroendocrinological pseudoantidisestablishmentarianism. A politician's nightmare.
Turns out... Invisibility? Not always fun.
Love, struggle, success (They're both white)
Please say hello before I die
The undead don't own this world.
Puppies in windows still wag tails.
Each keystroke unraveled his final masterpiece.
She justified once. Never needed again.
Overweight. Travelled wide, but not far.
She's here, loving me. I'm not.
Society shapes the face of God
You're here, loving me. I'm not.
You're here, all loving... I'm not.
They prefer "genitally impaired" over "angels".
Corrected homework " ~~Isis is~~ " "Isis was"
Everything is chocolate in dog heaven.
A coffin away lies life's fragility.
I forget why I loved her
"Don't." Sent two minutes too late.
love
Always checks that there's six words.
My DNA sequence: CTGGTTCCGTA*********TGTACCGTGCTTTGCTACACAGTGATTAGCGTCGGCTACGAAG. *Private parts.
Naive
Out of toilet paper. Goodbye socks.
Needed to cry, could only laugh.
"The arrogance of snowplows must end."
Will stated: "Cremate" House fire fulfilled.
This bed was made for two.
She's lemon on a paper cut.
Like a daydream or a fever
Reservation 2014: one. Reservation 2015: three.
Dead. Left at the checkout line.
Dad's a rebel. Mom's a spy.
Eating away pain left only reminders.
Wine with your meal? No, for.
Honest man dead. Liar still alive.
Today, life began. Yesterday, it ended.
Russian roulette pistol "accidentally" fully loaded
Rose on pillow... one-eyed girlfriend
I love you
In war, she found her peace.
Fetishism study comes to a conclusion.
52 is old in hobo years.
He still flinches at exploding fireworks.
The dust settled, revealing no winners.
In rebellion, she finds her place.
She died yesterday. I'll die tomorrow.
"Happy Valentines Day!" "I'm Leaving You."
Human cannonball fired; lands on feet.
Valentine's Day posts quickly annoyed everyone.
Turning in. Don't wake me. Ever.
I fell in love. Climbed out
Valentine's makes the loneliness hurt more
Only widow and lover attend funeral
No, those roses aren't for you.
It was Valentine's. I wasn't alone.
"Stay," he insists. She can't resist.
Eating away pain, only left reminders.
Opens wife's search history... paternity tests.
I said: "kiss me, you're beautiful -
The hand, navigated by the mouse.
Then honest John criminalized non-disclosure "agreements"
Will you be my Valentine? Please?
Laborious sex. Next time tights off?
His childhood dream, became his hell
Executive Order 303033 criminalized non-disclosure "agreements"
Sounds in head, then you're dead.
I drank my way through rehab
My penis is not green enough.
The road was lined with crosses
Changed reservation from three to two.
"Toilet paper's out. Go by socks."
I eat most meals alone now.
Mom went out. Officer came back.
Sirens wailing, clouds hailing, valentine's dating
2215: None of 2015's problems matter.
Her wordless lip bite said enough.
Love
Window facing west saw the sunrise.
Going broke. Sucks. With kids. Worse.
Why are her ashes so heavy?
/r/explainlikeimfive: Why'd old cars have ears?
/r/ explainlikeimfive: Why'd old cars have ears?
A colorful apartment makes everything OK.
Going broke. Sucks. With kids. Worse.
"Do normal people pass by sinks?"
Artist fakes death. Enjoys the fortune.
Comcast: We're just not *into* you.
Father's favourite son was the bastard.
The guns have stopped? Affix bayonets!
Humans prepared their return to Earth.
She realised she'd tasted him before.
Church protests robot/human marriage legalization.
Osama solemnly accepted President Gore's surrender
Wait! I have to pee first.
Need a hair dryer, Leviticus soaked.
Good lord... The casket is empty!
Six Word Stories Killing It Today
I'm sorry... they didn't make it.
Luters in favour of music piracy.
"Congratulations! It's a beautiful little girl."
Religious lion crouched down to prey.
Religious lions crouch down to prey.
Luters perplexed, confused by negative perceptions.
"Take me out." "Date? Assassination?" "Whichever."
Cancer prognosis, don't buy green bananas.
Abraham Lincoln: I am not dead.
Curiosity on trial for animal cruelty.
He found condoms in her purse
My television listens... Unlike everyone else.
"I'm scared" whispered mother, holding tight.
Champions savor the dust and grit.
Hide the cure, continue to profit
Every thing on here is sad.
Genius, unrecognized, poor. Dies, suddenly famous.
Tell mom I never felt pain
Please help. Cant talk. Someone's here
Her kids didn't know her name
I wish I hadn't aborted you.
but sir, he's been dead days
Sleeping bag, night attack, body bag.
Thanks for the gold, kind stranger
Drinking the water, chewing mint gum.
Dreamed of her, awoke beside him.
All Nighter
Multidimensional layovers create illusions of living.
Her dealer's kids knew her name.
An untenanted womb, an untenanted nursery.
See the gun in my hand?
Hang onto the ground or fall?
Behind, unnoticed, his child struggles, drowning.
Diamonds are not forever... Herpes are.
"There's a knife in my pocket"
Looking forward
His bookshelf grew holes. Treasures bartered.
The quack promised 360 degree changes.
Enemies list grows shorter. Started forgiving.
His bookshelf grew holes. Treasures bartered.
His bookshelf has holes. Treasures unreturned.
BREAKING: Face-recognition surveillance outs Superman!
Guilty, then exonerated. Certain things unreturned.
Noah had left the dinosaurs behind.
Time traveller from past somewhat disappointing.
Brian Williams takes accusations for blasphemy.
Suicide illegal; destruction of government property.
Gets on stage, is booed immediately.
When the body appeared, suspicions arose.
They can't know about immortality yet.
"It will be okay", I lied
Ignition on with the garage closed
I didn't press "send" this time.
'Hey... I am sorry' -receiver deleted-
Samsung: Everywhere you want to speak.
I owe it all to you.
"Ghosts! In your sub-basement!" "What sub-basement?"
I liked her for liking me.
Oh god! The horror! It's Kanye!
My bullet love flew. Near miss.
A unique outlook is most helpful.
"...In an emotionally vulnerable state." "Texas?"
First Lady officially. Sadly second personally.
She texted from another man's bed
Camera's can zoom. Mirrors not. Extinction.
Science confirms that God already answered.
It was love at first mugshot
Guilty, then proven innocent. Given money.
"See you last week", said Marty.
Justice is swift. Vengeance is patient.
For apes, as well, came Ebola.
1% reform. Resolve to become monks.
All the King's horses ate him.
Michael Smith cancelled the event 'Anniversary'.
His eyes don't show concern anymore.
my begotten, asleep; now and forever
She's gone, but we still talk.
"Never before!", I cried upon entrance.
First date:) Took my bread away:(
I almost sent: "I love you"
Quick and concise isn't always right
Three astronauts depart, Four astronauts return
Money made me Mom's favourite again.
Youth in Asia. North Korea. Euthanasia.
"New puppy. Spilled chocolates. Bad Christmas."
She never showed up. Police did.
No matches, no new women around
WWF announces endangered species: Homo Sapiens
It's not so bad after all...
Severed human arm found in woods
I'll be smiling when I die.
"I, um, love you too... man."
Mr. Doe, here's your son John
Mr. Doe, here's your soon John
Using Intellect for Good, Feels Good.
Her suicide... take me with you.
Noah had left the dinasours behind.
Never grew up. Just grew old.
Suspect hiding something, hasn't even smart TV!
Below the lake, corpses remain still.
Elderly giving up seats for elderly...
Self-medicating anxiety with hair dye.
Finally convinced, the landlord accepted stock.
Finally convinced, the landlord accepted stock.
"Virtually indestructible" was not a dare.
My gilded cage has no gold.
I love you as a friend...
First date. Went great. I'm...late.
Wormhole future will be repaired yesterday.
Of course I love you. But...
It lived. We regretted it immediately.
Father wears another mask for church.
Don't worry dude, it's totally bulletproof.
I see you in her smile.
Are you sure she's still alive?
Happy kids are better than food
"Shiny ring! Who for?" "Your mother."
Yesterday wasn't better, tomorrow wont exist.
She lived what he only wrote.
What the hell are you doing?!
I said "hello", she said "goodbye"
I woke up, she moved on
An atheist until the ship sinks
I 'forgot' to take my pills.
Fetus; don't call it a baby.
Grab a body and follow me.
Distraction, only Good for the Bored.
In creating lives, she destroyed futures.
One day, she counted her children.
Mom hates us. She's cheap Too!
Uncomfortable moments are my most comfortable
Busy this week.Maybe next.Dad.
My to-do list: learn anger management.
PipeDreams?
No pets. Something licked my hand.
Comedy never hits like tragedy does
I wanted sex, not a relationship.
"But, sir, there's a little girl..."
"Sorry." said the genie. "No backsies!"
My absolute favorite feeling is human.
"Last wish." "Undo the last two."
My anti-depressant pills expired yesterday.
Stared down fear of basilisks. Unblinkingly.
I wanted Dad, not his money.
Talking shit about a pretty sunset.
what to eat? what to eat?
Seniority comes with Experience not Age.
"Can't, my experience module's data capped."
Fingers bloodied, and still, I dug.
Chances are, the disappearance will astonish.
Young love- needy texts, empty sex.
i'm constipated recommend me horror movies
And the future is even darker:
Caged bird, sings only for himself
"Till death?" Hmmmm Yours or mine?
H20 has officially gone extinct.
Only children and desperate hope remained
I've descended to a new evil
his parents pay his dealer's rent.
CTRL+A CTRL+X CTRL+Z CTRL+Y CTRL+Z CTRL+S
I'll get back to work now.
Six words? Yes, six. Six? Six.
I never did like following the rules
my new home has a heartbeat
True Love Story.
God...???
After the rape, he resents me.
Click, scroll, click, and back again
No sex, but with strings attached.
Involve me and I will learn
Just bend me over already, Sir.
"Consciousness? It started as a bug..."
I never smile when at home.
"Truckers of Reddit..." "Not trucker, but..."
Cigarette weighed more than the lighter.
1914 "Crazy Al" babbling "Kennedy....Oswald..".
Don't feed people the slap ham.
I hate unfinished sentences, they always
His phantom pains were killing her.
Gospel manuscript dated to 100 BC
I don't wink, I blink one-sided.
We kissed, she was still cold.
Stared into Death's eyes. I blinked
Kissed a frog, said the coroner
Brought her flowers, kissed her headstone.
Stared into Death eyes. I blinked
Untitled
Flat-line
Lithographic literature liberated latent lazy lunatics.
I loved you for your money
Fire sale on houses in Ferguson!
Fairy tales.
Do the chickens have large talons?
Evil banana lobbyists monopolizing potassium markets
Rejected again, Wilbur checked his breath.
Their technology overpowered us in seconds.
He only cries in the shower.
"Death? Ha! Abstract concept!" He lied.
I only cry in the shower.
I met Dad at Alcoholics Anonymous.
Pick a god and pray, boy!
We live as much as we love
Come the revolution; we die first
My time travel agent fluxed up.
You're never *just* friends with mobsters.
Taking Entrepeneurship 801. Starting business sooooooon.
She laughs. She thinks I'm kidding.
I don't forgive. I just forget.
"Taxes filed; to be paid shortly."
And for awhile, they were happy
Fetuses aren't people; they're TASTY people!
Siamese twins: priest, forgive our treesome.
She saw him see the end.
What kind of bird are you?
The movements eventually liberated the anus.
They didn't have any blueberry pancakes.
A prison planet. Generations have passed.
STOP SCREAMING! The crib was empty.
Mad Scientist Attends Anger Management Therapy.
The homo was erect.......after evolving
awoken at once, the stars danced
Inhale, play, study, work, retire, exhale
Stressing for the lesson testing. Depression.
"She couldn't even remember his face."
We burn ancestors as fossil fuels
He waited for someone. Nothing happened.
"Sorry, there's no more vacancies" - Heaven
"Sorry, there's no more vacancies" - Heaven
Writing these is hard.... hmmmmmm... AHA!
Were those highs worth those lows?
'I never said I was sorry.'
Sunday. Pharmacy's closed. Guess we're parents...
Twin fetuses discuss "Life After Birth".
Help wanted; prolapsed anus. Shitty pay.
"Who are you?" mother asked me.
"I was just following orders, Please! - "
Unmatched Sock: Lonely Man's Catcher's Mit.
"I'm babysitting now." "Who?" "My parents."
Unmatched socks: Diverse Hand Puppet Destiny.
She found out he faked orgasms
"No, take ME to YOUR leader."
"Can't see" "... You don't want to."
My unvaccinated kids are now adults.
He awoke in ICU, terribly disappointed
Hey, you only live once bro..
Their suspicions notwithstanding, he remained resolute.
Well, I guess this is it.
Her voice still soothes my soul.
I have the nicest ass here!
It wasn't love afterall, now what?
Husband and wife; sharpen the knife.
I'm still here, they're not. Cowards
"hey." "hi." "..." "..." "..." "..."
"... This shower is steaming without water."
"Dude, is asshole a compound word?"
Nonsense, he's perfectly harmless, here kitty...
"Just like the gypsy woman said."
Click click, mouse. Click click, gun.
"I wonder what this red button -"
United States crossroad ... Greed or Survival?
Is caffeine addiction better than depression?
Shackles broken
She stopped screaming an hour ago. :).
I'm used to things not happening.
"Here's your laundry. I'm moving out."
I pulled the pin. Now what?
"Imprisoned underneath, send help!" - nice try.
"No, YOU'RE overreacting!" He shrieked, crying.
Once apon a time. The end.
Forever won't end like this again.
Let's get married. No! Hydrochloric aci...?
No Pearly Gates, just a wall.
Lost: old friend and new wife
Happy to finally call somewhere home
The sun is setting. Hurry home...
I just slipped on frozen pee.
I haven't missed you in awhile.
"I am soooo sorry." -Plato's Apology
God's seven day story, six words
Honestly honey, I lied. Trust me.
So restless I can't wake up.
One time I pooped my pants.
"Gay porn?" she cried. "We're married!"
Jerry, your phone's glowing. What's Grindr?
I ran out of toilet paper.
She mistook his friendliness for friendship.
His life insurance covered the wedding.
She said hi today. Suicide aborted
Dad saluted me through tears today.
She's on life-support. "Kill me." Flatline.
I'm actually a dog. Log off.
Eyes glued, mouth open, mind shut.
I was schizophrenic. We're okay now.
She's mean sober, but polite drunk.
Worlds last election voted against democracy.
Happy with wife and kids. Dreaming.
I am not safe. Trust me.
I thought. Yet still I wasn't.
I'm actually going to school today.
Always another answer after attraction altercations
Thought to fascinate. Black mirrors dilapidate.
He donated his wheelchair, then danced
"I'm sooo soooooo sorry." ~Plato's Apology
You're still with me in dreams
I am not a good person.
Googled "Tricks to cure terminal cancer"
Crops flourished, even without a sacrifice.
I want her. She wants more.
"I met..." *sigh* "...saw her today."
Smart mirrors warped perceptions and proportions
We were trapped. Now I'm not.
The sun exploded, we moved on
Her lies were like silken promises.
Year 13,798,089,481. "I'll press..." Year 0.
He exploded for the fifty-first time.
Never seen; no alarm. Nothing left.
Why is everything here so sad?
"Check their balls," said the referee.
"Five million dollars." He said, defeated.
Thought it was the coke DRINK.
Mom, did Dad ever hit you?
Innocent in trial. Not in conscience.
Cool it fam, you's officially stoned.
"I'm your conscience," said the Devil.
Mary jane is way too dank.
He cocked the gun, "your move."
It shrinks, when thinking of her.
Iron nazi Buddha is from space.
I realized I've outlived my son.
I betrayed emotions. Couldn't care less.
At the last second they scored
Soaked in alcohol. My brain smiles.
How to make friends: change yourself.
"Mom! You ok?" "Who are you?"
I'm in it for the sex.
Ultrasounds. That's all we'll ever have.
My sins pale before her fury.
If only the jury believed me.
Curiously, the word un-hyphenated is hyphenated.
.doG food lid | dildo of God.
"So cold, shit froze in mid-flight."
'I love you? Are you sure?'
I stood up to pee today.
Checked the dating website, no messages
Why are these always sad stories!?
The cradle used to be empty.
Suck it, I'll use seven words
There's something you need to know...
Attention deficit society. It's, like, yeah...
Eating subs and looking at subreddits.
"I'm from the government." "We're fucked."
Addicted to sleep, not sleeping pills
Eating chips. Crunch. Crunch. Fried roach.
"Stop the experiment!" "It's too late..."
This year, I'm forgetting about it.
Oh no, no, no. Not again!
We're fighting. Clearly *I'm* the asshole.
Stolen child returned...innocence not intact.
I'm a terrible liar. (sheepish smile)
Too much - choked on his safeword.
I wish I could be more
I will always tell a lie
Stolen car returned. Bloody, shot up.
It happened one thousand years later
Circus clown dies saving the world.
She messaged me, must be drunk.
Mario is actually addicted to mushrooms
Witnessed a murder; they flew away.
[Meta] let's talk about the rules.
'Cut the rope,' he said tearfully.
Seven words would be too religious.
I'm fine at pretending I'm good
Mom's on weekdays. Dad's on weekends.
Mommy, I am a god now.
Why don't we use seven words?
Unnoticed rosebud blooms after high school
Good? Evil? Neither really mattered anymore.
Surrealist says: "Wonder artichoke farting banality!"
I'm good at pretending I'm fine.
Reddit will not be denied. NSFW
Manatees should allowed vote -- jaden smith
This subreddit feels just like Twitter
"No strings on me": [_] Pinocchio [_] Ultron
had a diet coke with fries... :(
Dreams. Where the wild things are
"I am a foolish, fragile spine"
Energizer bunny arrested - charged with battery.
Sometimes I still need you, Dad.
I upvote every six word story.
Camera died. No one believed him.
Space separated therapist from the rapist.
"Mommy, why do humans hate us?"
The skyline was beautiful on fire.
Don't just talk great, Be Great.
Payday loans and methadone. And you?
Adam's apple is what she wanted.
I once fell in love. Once.
You choose: Enslave, or become enslaved
No reddit today. I'm gonna study.
Pull the saw gently, lover. Yesssss!
You and I could be great
And she never saw sweet sixteen.
I just want to be friends.
...then she called me "Best Friend"
Pithy six word story submitted! *crickets*
Past Calling? Don't Answer. Nothing new.
"Apathy is lethal." "I don't care."
Apples taste better when they're forbidden
Works every time!* (*results may vary)
Lived, surrounded by friends. Died alone.
"friend" Built, Crossed, and Burned Bridges.
Erasing memories of your wife: Completed.
"Drink, be *you*", said Mary's brother.
"You think it'll reach?" "It must."
Toothless. Baby teeth. Adult teeth. Toothless.
Two dogs. One cat, recently deceased.
She jumped from the 89th story.
Como se dice AIDS en espaol?
Prayer guides burning, congregation remained unmoved.
After bonfire; the town in ashes
Can we post five word stories?
Constant battle between alone and loneliness
"You first." I hesitated... then jumped.
Good! That f*cking slut deserved it!
He regretted ignoring Miss Adventure's call.
Alien message: "Please don't hurt us."
"You're an amazing husband." "You too."
Peeping through distortion Blows ignorance away.
Sometimes even shit stains feel pain
Fuck this is shitty. Pander harder.
Bitter taste? He switched the glasses!
First imprisoned, then freed of God.
Windshield gone. From carseat: "Where's mommy?"
Hemingway's story wouldn't have been upvoted.
The arrogance of plowtrucks must end.
Rape he cried! No one cared.
His birthright stolen; his children scorned.
Gave upvote. Got upvote. Gave upvote.
Each day lived like his last
Someone apparently cut my brake line.
Lots of butter. It was delicious.
What's the legal age of consent?
Everything is bullet proof, just believe.
What was that? Oh, just a...
Everyone just told her she's fine.
"I'm a vegan atheist!" He blurted.
Adulthood shattered the walls of naivet
"Hey Dad, it's time for dinner"
"You trampled my pompadour!" he ejaculated.
The doctor couldn't meet my eyes
Reluctantly he legitimated her Gambian souvenir.
"One small step for... who's that?"
Got out of class; nearly dead
I'm happy for you. Not me.
"I definitely shouldn't have done that"
Her lips tasted funny. Ah. Poison.
My only lie: "I'll be fine."
I felt like contributing something new.
Got this message from Zappa... Create.
Inside her champagne glass: a ring.
Atheism, the luxury I can't afford.
Quit smoking or it quits you.
"Let me sleep" "It's dinner time."
Missing child. Last seen in womb.
Is "time-frame" one word or two?
Scatter my ashes to the sea.
"My best friend won't stop whimpering."
"Because God said so" he lied.
She's pretty hot, he's pretty...not.
Met, married, died; all same place.
"Better safe than... ooooh she's hot"
Meteorology student fails. Conjured incorrect storm.
Deceased: Harold Jones - Corrupted driver update
Keep calm and... ZOMBIES! RUN NOW!
I should've taken you for granted.
The snakes found a way in.
My other nut was cancer ridden
Nightmares! She wakes up to it
Bitten by zombies. Reunited with family.
"Codes confirmed!" "Warheads armed, launching in..."
Paranoid. Still smoking more. Your turn,
Unpleasant woman treated as broken toy.
Unable to escape the digital ocean.
I couldn't stop, inside I died.
Hills are where they bury giants.
Footprints lead off, onto broken ice
"Met my wife at her wedding."
Today was long, now it's over.
You'd better stay home, this fertile.
Aluminum Man foils "Doggie Bag Buglers"
"Printing file: suicide note version 2"
her twin left my lust misdirected
Party of two. Dreams coming true.
what we design is designing us.
She's appealing to all five senses
Slaves. Buy one, get one freed.
"What the heck's a book, Grandma?"
The phone rang. No one answered.
Home is where the dog is.
He used to always be happy.
Fostered apart, Christmas greetings awkwardly skyped.
"Boxers or briefs?" she asked. "Depends."
Sat down hard. Ouch, my butt!
Mitt left right down the middle.
"I am so alone" "Who isn't?"
My father died . . . one less asshole.
Fostered apart, finally spending Christmas together.
At the end, he couldn't begin.
Hit her. Now I miss her.
Only his clones attend his funeral.
Stars aren't "winking" -- they are communicating.
'Dominus infernum satanicum ... mom, i'm busy!'
I still think of you after orgasm.
No kid thinks they'll do drugs
No kids thinks they'll do drugs
In hindsight, I really screwed up.
What have I done this time?
Graduation in four months, losing hope
"That's enough Reddit for now." *Flush*
"I won't forget you" (she did)
After that, he never dreamed again.
Two choices. Better to stay alone.
Very Cute; Looking for Loving Home.
The stories here aren't very good.
I think we might be done
Dreams are realities achieved by effort.
"I came," he said, and left.
"Grandpa survived Auschwitz, but not cancer."
It's not me, you're looking for
"Please don't hurt me again, Daddy?"
Grammar police killed by disjoining fragmentation.
Brevity is the soul of wi-
People are dying for my epitaphs
The last dinosaur watched mammals play.
Announcement: It was me. I farted.
". . . house is haunted." "Who said that?!"
"I don't know you!" "But dad?"
Never breaks promises. Never makes promises.
"Collision course?!" -- "They mustn't take Earth."
I've been called 'the devil.' Surprised?
Surgeon apologises, but graves can't forgive.
"I WILL make you love me!"
On top of the tower, breathing in.
Perfection. Suddenly wax melted, ocean embraced.
While apologies were infinite, acceptances weren't.
Eve to Adam: Snake for dinner!
With great power comes little liability
Get down, quiet. Possible sniper ov-
I hate starving, makes me hungry.
That feel when out of words
What a waste of a day.
Blood was everywhere. Only he laughed
"I'm fine" is my favorite lie.
I'll get you yet, my pretty
All five senses found her appealing
Love. Fool me once; never again.
Pope Francis announces conversion to Buddhism.
She wagged her tail at me.
A box locked from the inside...
"He's home. Leave through the window."
Contractions count as two words, cheaters.
Youngest person in the world. Twice.
She's pretty hot, he's pretty old.
Wrath. Greed. Sloth. Pride. Envy. Gluttony.
I wasted a day. Thanks, Reddit.
A nihilist cries over spilled milk.
Father's nose. Mother's eyes. Boyfriend's love.
Thumb to lips. Tears down cheek
"Social media?" "No." "Then where?" "Outside."
Home is not a peaceful place.
"I...I'm gay." "I know, dad."
Became celibate. Don't give a fuck.
Rob me? Kill you. Fair's fair.
Toilet blocked, You're not pregnant anymore.
"You have been selected for rewoming"
"That doesn't mean you won, mom."
"Whose hearts and minds?" "The survivors'."
We used condoms...named him Houdini
You should not have killed me.
Nine of Ten enjoy gang rape.
WTS: Galaxy's Last Barrel Earth Crude.
It's easy to declare your sadness
I do have a routine. Jacking.
Clark had had enough. Superman died.
My home is a crooked mess.
She vacuums when she's worried.
Crying never helped; neither did You.
An ocean apart, but not forgotten.
First contact, signal weak "We're sorry"
Happy darkness loses itself in light.
"That is inhumane. Even for you."
"O.S.O?" "I don't know Morse Code."
I came. And then I went.
Browsed TV Tropes. Slept at 3.
Only happy in dreams of you.
"After ten years sober..." He sighed.
I lose you when I wake.
"Wow! That was great!" She lied.
I tapped then drew an instant!
Children? I was a mother once.
It has been a while since.
One Airline Tickets; Departed without Arrival
Rocket engines roared. We fled Earth.
But Sir, who's in the casket?
How much more can I take?
The age progressed photo was wrong.
Saved the world. Second time. Today.
He lost temper. She lost life.
I miss hearing about your day.
"This year's American Idol is...David....!"
It takes two to live apart.
"Stop lying! I read your messages..."
Won lottery. Paid half my tuition.
You're the cigarette light of life.
The Second Coming was a miscarriage.
Your son's doing fine without you.
Shit. He read that message.
Y'know, I kinda hate trees now.
He won the first post-war battle
'I'm not racist! I like humans..."
"There are no doctors currently available."
"You complete me." "No. Complete yourself."
Ex interrupts church wedding. Three gunshots.
Mom's started locking the door again.
No more stories, just bad jokes.
Don't upvote. I love reverse psychology!
Nothing is left. Nothing lasts forever.
DoesThisCountAsOneWord?
Raise your right hand and repeat:
Your life flashed before my eyes.
Obituary: Drew extremely funny pictures, killed.
Do evil, but justify it not
Sexual Tensions Rise During Congressional Sessions
She didn't walk down the aisle
Sounded Logical. It wasn't. All's lost.
Delay
Fat
I just wanted to win once.
"Wanna move in?" We broke up.
It's much quieter six feet under.
Try as she might, failure re-emerged
Aw shit....that wasn't a fart...
I came. I saw. Premature ejaculation.
A thirsty heart filled with whiskey
Husband wants our desks separated now...
His silence said what words couldn't.
iPen S: Better than its anagram
iPen S: Better than it's anagram
iPen S: Better then it's anagram
Man Seeking Whale. White only please.
Two climbers stranded. One bullet. Sub-zero.
I saw. I came. Lumberjack fetish.
Jenny's tears ruined his beautiful shirt.
Don't call me shoeless... You're shoeless!
Caller I.D. thwarted his loin's longing...
But it will grow back, right?
Save us! Please, save us Jesus!
Every day is my best day!
It's so easy for everyone else.
"Remember, I was the favorite" -Lucifer
I failed at finishing the job.
One girl was all it took.
Then he killed me for blackberries.
She doesn't feel the same way.
"Sorry Sir, 'Happiness' isn't listed here"
Can I fly? Let's find out.
Feeling alone. Feeling drunk. Feeling again.
(Clicks "Random") "Six Word Stories? Neat!"
"See that dot? We lived there."
I'm strong, independent. Don't leave me!
Small graves are hardest to dig.
Only six words? Fuck that shit.
Just re-growing my foreskin. And you?
Ready for party! Anxienty  party alone ...
wife's lipstick on best man's collar
Just met his cellmate; "Hi Dad..."
Thy Muse is a bipolar mime.
Children. Raised to follow, not lead.
Reading aloud all night. Same obituary.
Up with bubbles. Down with air.
Help me hide the body, mum.
Dad gambled everything. And lost us.
E-mail. Wrong address. So very fired.
"Raped or not?" I wondered, alone.
Manager! Make more midday margaritas!
whorehouse fire sale leaves patrons burning
Dad gambled everything. And lost us.
Yesterday a Virgin, Today an Entrepreneur.
Silent voice, loud eyes, accelerated heartbeat.
How much to remember? To forget?
If not me then who will?
The road was lined with crosses
After four long years I'm home.
I give up. Let's get married.
Opened link to imgur, app failed.
How do I make a post?
I Thank The Man Who Killed
I want to fly among them.
"We met up for some kisses."
EXTRA! FERMI PARADOX SOLVED: THEY ARRIVED!
It is snowing on mt. Fuji.
Pressed Random. Came Here. Leaving now.
I only see friends at funerals.
Hematologist's Blood found to taste irony
The same words, two different songs
My lube is six years old
Art outlawed, tattooed skin worth millions.
Button: DO NOT PUSH. Pushed it.
Schizophrenic man congratulates himself on Facebook.
Paradise lost, but parking lot gained.
Same words, two different songs
"Satan" on speed dial. With reason.
Brother is back. Smells like death.
Dad gambled everything. And lost us.
"It's not rape if we're married."
Bought Bitcoin. Became rich. Became poor.
Bought Bitcoin. Became rich. Became poor.
It wasn't you, it was me
I'm pretty good at tying nooses.
Superintelligence always hunts itself to extinction.
She laughed, I swallowed a tear.
Annihilation. Annihilation. Annihilation. Gross, rebirth.
Just kiss me through the bars.
Are you proud now? Dad? Daddy?
Completely empty upstairs. There's nobody home.
Puppet says, " I am string free."
I'm asleep. She can breathe now.
They suspended my license, still accelerating.
"Amanda" was removed from predictive text
I dream; if I could walk.
baba, what did mammoths look like?
Mommy says daddy isn't in heaven.
Ozymandias' statue of legs goes unappreciated.
I'm the last. So I thought.
Long story short, I hate puppies.
I just found myself, inside myself.
Got Naked!.....Fuck..... Not a dream.
Nothing quite like an unread letter!
I emotionally abused you? You're crazy.
I swear I am not insane
Terrorists rule their paradise of ruins.
"Honey, I'm late." "But you...OH."
Always late, on 9.11 she wasnt.
Travelled the world. Happiness still missing.
Aimed at "artist". Judged as decoration.
Robot-worded story. Everyone believed otherwise.
"Either way, I'm gonna keep her."
"I'm a student," the stripper lied.
Your mind analyzed these six words.
On a stage, but never seen
Child hitter. Grows bitter. Child hitter.
why can't I fall in love
Hey Zeus, my name is Jesus.
Delete everything you have of me
And then it all went black.
At least she never knew fear.
He just wanted to make something.
They came. I knew first. Stillness.
They got everything but the girl.
I can still hear them something
Complimentary mouthwash in restrooms... Hobo booze.
Her dignity paid for her tuition.
Just six words? Shouldn't be too-
"No need to deliberate. He's guilty."
The Nervous System is a lie!
In town, if you're still interested
River ran red - bridges had fallen.
I've grown to love stretch pants.
Chickened out of fight. Crossed road.
Tinder. Last active: day we met
War on Terror over. We lost.
If it's over, delete my contact
"She's alive!" "Just take your medication"
Bottletop you. Bottletop me. Bottletop SEXUALITY
A honest problem can't be fixed.
This new body works just fine.
Sky throws rainbow at unsuspecting pedestrian.
Want kindness. Ask for tea instead.
"... allegiance to the Swastica of America..."
Closed my eyes to see her.
The ghosts haunt my darkest corners
In. Pain... Can't. Speak. Big. Words.
A six word buffalo story? Nope.
My body isn't a cage anymore.
House Population: 10 souls. 15 people.
Entry level. Experience required: five years.
We almost died. Passagers didn't notice.
One more. No, more! No more.
Excommunicated for pregnancy. Not her fault.
64 years... still his beautiful bride.
The insistent silence is deafening me!
That isn't my daughter, she's prettier
Save the princess? Again?! Screw her.
Repeat after me: I am free.
He taught, thinking he was small.
Greatest fear: no upvotes, no downvotes.
She has changed; he didn't notice.
I just saw my reflection blink.
Perennial...false flag march to war.
Sorry? Speak up! There's a tornado?
Her last name is different now.
Extraterrestrials found Earth, but found nobody.
Life, no parole. That's the deal.
The suicide hotline wouldn't pick up.
Fifty years of love; she's oblivious.
God: "You're cute when you're mad."
The man in the mirror escaped
"What are you doing after this?"
Blessed with intelligence. Cursed by madness.
The teleporter couldn't transport their souls
Six words can be quite powerful.
Mars dust soaks up spit wad.
"I shaved my balls for this!"
"Remember that time in Mexico?" "No"
"...test was positive." He began walking.
Trembling hand caressed empty hospital bed...
"I shaved my balls for this?"
"Universe proven a simulation." &gt;&gt;Simulation: terminated&gt;&gt;
Moved to Temporary Job. Never left.
Doctor, you said I have twins.
homework homework homework friends homework homework
homework homework homework friends homework homework
"When?" "... ... Work hard! Good things'll come."
homework homework homework friends homework homework
"Work hard! Good things'll come." "When?"
Thank you kindly, my love. Goodbye.
She is in a better place...
Kids are hungry. "I already ate."
My car fits my whole room.
"Gramar Nazi Perfect Clickbait Is..." - BuzzFeed
"Can't read... You think with typos."
Took nap. Ate. Voices still here.
This is going to be clever.
The Nameless Reclaim Nothing but Silence
Everyone said it, but none sincerely
One needle, two arms, true love.
Why couldn't I die with them?
Kindergarten. School. College. Two broke parents.
Cheap hookers charge two naughty bits.
I walked this way. Never again.
On dad's profile: "doesn't want kids"
My windshield was painted with blood.
If only suicide could be painless...
She lost weight, he lost her.
Sixwordstories no match for six strings..
"'Fit test', moron! Not 'Tit Fest!'"
The wind howled through my underwear.
I still hear the baby cry.
"I'm shopping!" "You're pretending." "I'm freezing!"
My words.. My heart and soul..
Look behind curtain. Superhero's without costume.
Tried new Mexican Restaurant. Never again.
The market rewards execution, not ideas.
Risked everything. Lived my dream. Briefly.
"Do you still love me?" *silence*
"I love you so much!" "Okay."
Half-way towards my dreams, lies me.
Our "lifetime" together, gone in seconds
Why pay someone to fucking listen
Birthday plans: Pick up dad's ashes.
Please... Mr. Flipper was my father.
Im the monster in your closet.
This will be the last time...
Google search: card games for one
In-laws are Muslim. I cooked pork.
I sleep in your husband's shirt.
five million shares: no dislike button
She treated herself, buying fancy ramen
She had just enough time t-
Eventually they would realize their loss.
I loved her, but she didn't.
Watching Parks and Rec. this evening.
This is a five word story
Shovel in hand, the coffin creaked.
Mother killed the girl I was.
"I'm so sorry." "No you aren't."
*Sniffs* "I do even lift bro..."
Censorship is the stupidest sh*t ever.
Time to revise my suicide note....
They all screamed, "I am special."
The ring box never left his pocket...
"Tighten the rope," he lastly grunted.
Alone, the ghosts let me know.
Six reasons why idiots love lists.
He walked toward the ledge, grinning.
She's my first. I'm her last.
I don't wanna see a therapist.
Accident takes beauty but not courage.
I miss you. Please forgive me
Reads: fear "raptors," not the "rapture."
"Title: Consort?" "He didn't accept 'fuckboy'."
Accident takes beauty. But, not courage.
"The President only serves his supporters."
Obituary included only his death date
"We're worried about you", he lied.
Sorry, Kid. Pennies won't buy cheeseburgers.
She poked holes in the condoms.
bad day
But his flashlight wasn't scaly...
"The last straw!" She threatened again.
It was too big to fit.
Rest in peace. See you soon.
"Coming up with six word stories."
"You'll always be my sunshine, sweetie."
The drapes, didnt match, at all.
She scrawls, "you have the clap."
Waking up before the alarm sounds.
She scrawled, "you have the clap."
"She's Dead! Finally!" laughed the widower.
I wish I could tell you.
Teddy, cartoons, pornography, workplace, rocker, WAIT...
The rules are for losers
I miss when we were friends.
"Want an Lakota name? Insert Token."
She wore her bruises like medals.
Life is not defined as breathing.
"This will be our last song."
"No monsters here." "No heroes, either."
Long story short: Don't wrestle yetis.
We are still kind of friends...
Having a baby didn't solve anything.
I joked. She ignored. I left.
I'm taking a shit. No TP.
Conflicted. Girl next door. Duplex housing.
U &amp; I together? Only on keyboards.
I outgrew my old drug box.
"Xenophobe much? Christian doesn't mean human."
Seven words should be enough to
"Married?" "Ye--no. No, not anymore.."
"Anything?" Satan asked with a smile.
I Would Be Mindblowed... said BuzzFeed
Your mother gives me great pleasure
"I never got her e-mail address..."
I miss being in your bed.
Happiness is... (you expected something more?)
I'm getting to old for this.
*snort* Weird, reading your own obituary.
Happiness is... (you expected something more?)
She ate engagement ring. Never knew.
Fired my best friend. Still mates.
Can't wiggle his tail, still happy.
Happiness is... (you expected something more?)
Fired my best friend. Friendship survived.
Showering addiction? He'll never get clean.
Fired my best friend. Friendship survived.
Starting to forget... That hurts too.
Tear stains on the VHS tape.
Her definition of "forever" was different.
Elected Twice, Still Not In Office.
He only knew here by name.
"Remember... My name..." wheezed Poopy Joe
"Never have I ever... raped someone"
Heart broken, pain sets in swiftly
My girlfriend doesn't have a boyfriend.
Let's plant these fossils for funsies.
Watching my own funeral was weird
I pigskinned, I never nerfed it.
We're where we're, are not we?
I forgot to save the game.
Its just a pinprick, that's all.
I found my pain in your love...
Confidently he changed "wish" to "am.
She was a grandma by 29.
"They were my children too, Sarah."
Wedding savings spent on her funeral.
YES! YES! YES! OH MY GOD!
Cancer. I started lying to her.
She only wept in the rain.
World's oldest man killed by mosquito
You're only happy when you sleep.
Upon her coffin, winning lottery ticket.
Upon the coffin, winning lottery ticket.
Trying to publish my suicide note.
My husband wears "Arpege", my perfume.
The computer shut down. "My homework!!!"
He left. I dropped the knife.
Hey look, it's my dad's gu-
She loved her. I loved she.
Only one of them was opened.
Lost too long to be found
It is time to start the anarchy.
What are these, stories for ants?
It started like any other day.
Doctor, my son Mohammad talks to sky
"There's someone lonelier than I am?"
re: re: Let's never speak again.
Fluffy often wondered where Tiffany went.
My uncle was once a goat.
For lingerie, 'red' doesn't mean 'stop'.
I bought too many condoms again.
"C'mon! Get your butt in gear!"
A blinding light, then dead darkness.
Basic human rights are no joke.
Sons' savings turned into Bookies vacation.
Self: drowned in w wi river
How have we got this way?
Then...Muslim &amp; Christian "values" transmogrified.
Last human gives birth to son
He cheated. I named his dog.
Pile of left-footed shoes remains pristine.
"But, I'm very rich." Defense rests.
F for you ruined job interviews.
Forgetful morals befriend suicidal fame.
Voice of beauty, muted by fate.
Sorry Soldier, Selling Only Baby Shoes
He said "you've finally woken up"
"Ready for Dose 1, Mr. Leary?"
*Sigh* "Here we go again." *Click*
She said that she was happy.
"Dad, did mosquitoes really drink blood?"
"My son died." "I'm sorry, Mark."
Unearthed it yesterday. Destroying tomorrow. Sincerely,
Deployed eleven years ago; never returned.
She always tried, but did I?
Old Fashioned Values, New Age Ideology.
Typed "ayy lmao". Did not lmao
I think I am in love.
Being omniscient and omnipresent is lonely...
Sixth world stories?! ... Six word stories.
Jack The Ripper Convicted Of Theft
Wanna know? Yeah, I loved you!
"It's hot outside," he said carelessly.
Sat down to poop. No phone.
Warning: Shit uncooperative during gathering operations.
"...That's 'Your Highness' these days, actually."
Can someone be my pen pal?
Then his wife said "not now".
Six word stories are the best!
Voicemail full. Messages before the breakup.
Cassanova the assassin takes girls out.
Until we accept Democracy, nothing changes.
"Just friends but we fucked once"
Dead horse on autoflagellation: Beats me.
"Contractions're getting out'f hand!," John thought'mself.
Most adorable tragedy profited best ratings.
Muhammed: I never said this shit...
I wanted to know him. Biblically.
I'm sorry. It keeps saying declined.
I was never any good at math.
The Worn Sign Said: "New Management"
Where's my bra? NOT AGAIN BRO.
Restocking euthanasia pills. Do not panic.
Why are these all so depressing?
"Fancy a shag?" Rug salesman fired.
He had ambition. She distracted him.
I am drawing a blank now.
My last thoughts seem slower anymore.
Driver and passenger killed - 3 dead.
Doing right never felt so wrong.
We always fight about wedding plans.
He shot. The baby stopped crying.
Why's this shit pink? Oh shit.
One night stand. Five years fell.
Mother is optional. Father, less so.
Tomorrow came a day too soon
She finally told me "Stop trying."
I keep forgetting I'm not alive.
The salute. Thank you for dying.
Even foxes get bit by snakes.
Nobody loves me like she did
Then...after, Wonsanto patented life itself.
Existentialism devoured his choices, freedom, existence.
Realization: She was nothing without him
Hope my heart doesn't give out.
Entity appears, life antithesis, deathly fear
Writers and magicians, then one-man bands.
Through unity, we found our Independence.
No One's Self-made, The Universe did.
I keep forgetting I don't matter.
Waiting for reality. It really hurts.
LIVE: Stationary strikes on ISIL commence.
I jumped. Didn't ask how high.
Big universe. No room for violence.
French pens mightier than Islamic swords.
Silently they disappeared into the night.
Depressed
Sits at kids table. Is 24.
Felt her neck. No pulse. Shit.
Dad had cancer. Mom has cancer.
"For the record, she was delicious."
There's no such thing as love
I went deaf. She went blind.
Breaking News: No Terror Attacks Today
The Emergency Room was too expensive.
You sure she's dead? Check again.
Charlie was here and still is.
Officially...the motives would be...unclear.
I miss his Dad jokes now.
After tears, jokes rise again. Fearlessly.
No God created us to kill.
"I'm sorry, Charlie", said Muhammad quietly.
We have never been further away.
Allah didn't create us to kill.
"...can you save us?" "Sure, kid"
Sled. Car. Dying hero. Lucky children.
Will my secrets make you mine?
I can't seem to do anything right.
"Ummmm... Hi.... We need to talk......."
"Goodbye" as he threw the match
"No. Stop. You're better than this."
Mother, you are no longer required.
I Told her never. Never again.
There's Something breathing under the lake.
"I'm not insane, you're just blind."
I'm not insane, you're just blind.
Oh shit. It's not gonna work...
Stop scrolling. Keep reading. Move on.
Last chance. You sure about this?
Was my first. Wasn't her last.
"We'll meet again. We always do."
Adoption is forever; until it fails.
In history books, evil always loses.
"Patent infringement?" "Jaywalking was patented yesterday."
Visited America. Not dystopian. Pleasantly surprised.
I'm comfortable in my own destruction.
I never saw a rose again.
God, is that you?....Ugh..what?
Darkness covering earth. He has returned.
I was worried. She didn't care.
Her smile reminded him of Her
Inspired, the writer then gutted inspiration.
Inspired, the artist then gutted inspiration.
Touching her stomach, "It ain't yours."
Enough, mate. Get your shit together.
"I'm cheating." "That's okay. You're dreaming."
Turkey? The country or the poultry?
The computer switched itself back on.
Last night in Cancun, didn't fuck...
I wasn't her only soul mate.
Booze. Pils. She still haunts me.
Mother said I'd be a ladykiller.
All I can Promise is, Now.
It's time to cut your losses.
Sadly, I'm happy for you... both
I wish the water was wine
What you gonna do? Stab me?
I know that you did it.
"I know, you know." Extra comma.
"Houston, I'm not alone.." Transmission lost.
Sadly, I'm really happy for you.
Bizzarro Christian prophet swims on land.
No, no doctors. Send a priest.
They buried him in a dress.
Take this quest, lad.. Go, Quickly!
She said, "Cheers" and 'shot' him.
Don't bother saying you've changed again.
I shamefully left with cold feet
TIFU Posting to the wrong subreddit
Party ... child ... army officer ... kiss ... trouble.
"I'm adopted?" he asked the wolfpack.
I can't see another way out.
He is marrying the wrong girl.
Skirts render concealing a boner impossible.
Awoke from a dream with PTSD.
Last condom: Worn, 2010. Found, 2015.
I started taking my meds today.
Went to high five Stevie Wonder...
Six word story reads like headline.
In this moment, we were infinite.
Dirty Hands deserve a serotonin bath.
Mortal combat in an inflatable castle.
Wednesday afternoon is Friday night's future.
I still love her, she don't.
Sanks Obama, we in charge now.
Third millennium campaign promise: transgender equality.
Prince William relinquishes kingship. Duchess FURIOUS!!!
Mall Santa killed by dyslexic zealot
William gives up kingship. Duchess FURIOUS!!!
Don't go in there. He's back.
Press zero to confirm. Pregnancy terminated.
Wandering until I forget I'm lost
Mr. President... your wife's been assasinated.
Don't think about the albino elephant.
"There it was again..." -a knock-
Grandma's Christmas present remains forever unopened.
It's boring watching you get murdered.
"Son, don't rob people for me."
"I own you." "You *Owe* me."
Domo arigato, Mr. Roboto, domo...domo.
The first hello was also goodbye.
All is lost. Do not return
She reminded him of her.
"You're robbing me! But, we're neighbours."
Human fusion! Cause: Standardized teleport destinations.
the eleventh commandment; thou shalt enjoy.
I'm Stevie Wonder, AMA. Hgjkdkg Yiobbfds
Second chances always make me sweat.
You would've loved him. Everyone did.
"You trust me?" "Yes." "Big Mistake."
I forget about you, every day.
Trust me, you ain't got enough.
Opening Nightclub. "Club Dino." You in? ;)
"That's what the other You said!"
Cows fly when I make cropcircles!
On that day, Hemmingway was stoned.
Of course I lied to him!
"It's not what it looks like!!"
Green card. Pink slip. Toe tag.
"Not spies", she lies, consequently dies.
Because Humpty couldn't afford the deductible.
My grief left, just like him.
Blood of Angels rains upon Earth.
Taste tested her blood twice today.
Failure's far less painful than regret.
African industrialization would've destroyed the planet.
Yes sir, I can Boogie.
Just lost a 9000 character comment.
Actually sexy nurse confused on Halloween.
"Lord, I have sinned!" said Hitler.
Red light, green lighter. I inhale.
No one pushed him, he jumped.
Do not be gentle good sir
World peace is world in pieces.
My heart was her's, not mine.
"Forgive me," God said. We refused.
I've never wanted to kill anyone
Kiss or kill, makes no difference
Mum would've been proud of me.
Please do not feed the xenomorphs.
We're just strangers with some memories.
World's youngest woman dead at 24
I was her's. She wasn't mine.
Her last breath said, "We're closed."
Why is there never enough--
Humanity, alone in the universe ... Eventually.
Gnu thoughts. Gnu perspective. Gnu stories.
Leelah should be on the gravestone.
God provided a house. Lucifer furnished.
Killing him did bring her back.
One funeral turned into two more.
Your anger is righteous, but unhelpful.
He's only my father by blood.
Children? Four, but they're angels now.
I wish you were smarter faster.
Cable supporting neck, chair kicked away.
"It can't be changed. It's done."
Winter. Hoped to die in Spring.
"God she's pretty," he muttered bleeding.
Cable supporting neck, chair kicked away.
Feeling powerless is meaningless, Empower Yourself.
Maybe this is the year I'll walk.
I feel cheap in expensive clothing
World's oldest man dead at 54.
She wanted lights off. Reason? Scars.
So many "stories." So many failures.
The middle of nowhere is somewhere
"Consultant?" "Sounds neater than 'torture technician'."
Happy Two thousand fourteen. Dammit. Fifteen.
they call me the premature ejaculator
Humans make good pets when housebroken.
Biggie spoke stories. Tupac spoke knowledge.
Teary dad jokes in funeral speech.
Bye, 2014. Good riddance to you.
Would you like brains with that?
Passing the Event Horizon. All systemsssssssssssssssssssssssss
14 shots. Empty Gun. Broken Resolution.
80 years lived, 81 resolutions made.
"Commander, Another Successful Revolution." "For Now."
I'm making the same resolutions. Again.
Girlfriend didn't show, happy new year.
She is gone. I am broken.
Mom Yelled, Dad - silent, I left.
The cocaine hid in the snow.
Let us make this one better.
"For the greater good." He lied.
Two shots; Duke and Countess. War.
He is gone. She is broken
God's wrath trumped by mother's determination.
Batteries depleted, moments left until...
Felt under clothes; kissed even deeper.
Enjoyed apple, thanks Eve. Love Adam.
You told me you loved me...
Amber alert, noticed too late, haunts.
So hungry. Too weak to cry.
Whether wolves or walls, fear reigns.
Noticed the amber alert too late.
"No touching" said the braille sign.
I wish for lots of food!
We kissed. Then you became his
The first Martian is not human.
Mind is drawing a blank. Help?
I suck at six word stories.
It's not torture, it's corporate espionage.
Hey /r/gonewild, tell me I'm beauti[f]ul.
"See that!?" "What?" "An SOS beacon!"
Her plants all died with her.
"Please... I still love you." -click-
Look what you made me do!
Welcome home, we hid the razors.
Each sacrifice for work seemed final...
Start. Run. Jump. Defend. Duck. Die.
I thought I would be someone.
Life is as unappealing as death.
"Alex?" Nothing. "Alex!" Nothing. "....Alex." Nothing.
A shot, a hit, a sentence.
We exchanged poop stories over dinner.
He wanted everything. He had nothing.
"Her RBC count is stabilized!" "LUCKY!!!"
It hurts too much to remember.
The quiet snow flurried all around.
"For God," he justified. God cried.
Chicken crosses road. Philosophers everywhere baffled.
Don't fall for your best friend
"Uploaded live chicken. Production fix approved?"
"Houston, confirm, I'm sole survivor?" "No."
And then it vanished, inciting terror.
"Houston, confirm, spacewalk team lost?" "No."
Unrecognizable face smiling in the mirror.
"You're right," She smiled. "We're doomed."
Not a pessimist. That can't last.
Imprinted temple. Ring-shaped. Remembers "No." Bang.
Extinct aliens: "Space kills. Earth doesn't."
The secret to immortality found: tonsils.
He said, "I do." She shrugged.
I fell in love, once. Maybe.
I ask myself, "What happens now?"
Older now, I'm seeing less dragons
"Ever been in love?" Pause. "..No."
"I'm ready to wake up now."
However, his Sync button stopped responding.
Large, overgrown teenager finds no soulmate.
Inhaled but there was no air.
Born poor. Lived rich. Died poor.
You don't bring things up anymore.
Potential biohazard: Truck Stop Clam Chowder.
Free: Broken china plates. For mosaics?
He'd have been named after me.
One shot later my sister appeared.
"The pesticides just ain't working anymore."
Doc, thank you! Thought my time-
"Why?" "You know it isn't natural."
New Years host drops the ball
wears your paddle. Sheeeeeew,..... sure does.
"Mom, I'm pregnant." Two years late.
Turns out, he liked me too!
Christmas morning. Emergency vet. Goodbye, kitty.
Date? No, that's the 2014th selfie.
Pluto, .... this is the planet's party.
Last kiss. Remember, don't tell mommy.
The angel of death is selfish.
Still awaiting Santa. Fireplace now lit.
Said Satan: "Go with your gut."
That was the end of that.
This year's tree had no presents
Don't put q-tips in ears. FUCK!!!
Laughter: memory of a life lived.
Today, I will become a God.
"Boyfriend?" "No." "So... single then?" "No."
Christmas, till today, was never happy.
Now you're adulterous. I'm still fornicating.
I'd give up meat for her.
He is blinded by male privilege.
A mother dies, no child cries
"You ok?" Sent 23 hours ago.
And again, I got pushed away
Now I'm the less damaged one.
Blond parents. Dark daughter. Genetics undiscussed.
Pillow talk, under the wise stars.
I can't afford to get sick.
White teen shot by black officer.
"Honey, Santa isn't coming this year."
No such thing as "secretly drunk".
The first Amendment can't stop bullets
Tombstone: Wife died 1922; husband _________
Another year spending Christmas writing obituaries.
My wife is addicted to numbness.
Last week, I was like Kevin.
He stepped cautiously. Ice groaned underfoot.
This comic shows people uncommon wisdom.
Amazon Prime can't save you now
"Mom, please don't crash Dad's wedding."
i can't be what you want.
Can LSD make you temporarily gay?
Hemingway was so deep. So deep.
You shouldn't have pushed that.
Mother over mothering ends up smothering.
Fast
Wicked demonologist summons fiend with benefits.
How long should you miss him?
I attend service in neon cathedrals.
"I miss you" "Seen at 10:38pm"
All I have is my name.
Our forever ended earlier than planned.
Chasing highs to fight the lows
She woke up .He was here.
Parents sue murderer for failed surgery.
Army recruitment up, college recruitment down.
"I do not." - The rings shattered.
I'm waiting until Christmas to shave.
Beyond Heaven's gates, a familiar voice
He said "I do". Big mistake.
"LET Him hand you the envelope."
Relax, nobody knows what they're doing.
I didn't write a story again
She still haunts me; can't escape
Vision fading, loved ones smiling, silence.
All I ever did was missing.
Shut up and dance, old man.
Why don't you love me, Jennay?
Are you ready to talk yet?
"But -- WWJB: Who Would Jesus Bomb?"
"I'm a child! Not your babysitter."
"I'm the silent talking pet type."
"I'm a child! Not your babysitter."
"I'm a child! Not your babysitter."
Til' death do us part, bang.
Only the bills knows my name.
Heading home for a white Christmas!
Reality believes it overwhelms the truth.
Animal shelter opened for homeless people.
I have finally become Reddit Gold
Bank fined -$1 after stealing $1.
After the end, morning yet comes.
This closet stares back. We will.
Sorry for killing your son, mom.
Drive fast, push, scream, cry, hug.
"[Yes], I would [totally] date you!"
Life has become a status bar.
Stop walking over my grave please.
"I love you" "Will you-?" "I do"
Get back here Toby!
Santa Claus! You.. You are real!
Streetlights darken as I walk past.
Tech support: "Yea, I got nothin'..."
grass stained window shreds sweet tears
How could somebody be so mean?
"What should I write?" he wondered.
Drama is easy, comedy is hard.
Ordered myself "World's Best Dad" mug
[stands] "Mein Fhrer! I can walk!"
My wife never gave up hope.
Why are six words so sad?
Sobbing. "I was due next week."
Wanted: Dress Oxfords. Left one only.
Holidays start tomorrow. Don't expect much.
What the fuck does that mean?
I thought that you loved me
Stopped caring. Couldn't start again. Ever.
Hottie with daddy issues seeks same.
Laughing hard, crying harder; thanks, Stephen!
For my best friend's wife. Life.
I'm human, but life feels robotic.
Life is a series of "Todays."
Gimme the keys; i'm hardly tipsy.
"Thank you for finding my phone."
"Sorry, you're bitten." "Wait!" "Sorry." (bang)
Scrabble word finder off-line. Champion sweats.
Survived War. Didn't survive life afterwards.
I feel the same way... NOT!
Labor extinguishes fire. Politician takes credit.
Killed not by war, but alcohol
Fuck it! We'll do it live!
First World Anarchists invades Six Word Stories.
Finally an adult; Hit dad back.
Everyone forgot to give Santa gifts
No one stays after honeymoon phase.
Christmas cancelled. Santa's held in Guantanamo.
Sort: Controversial. "I'm Kim Jong-un. AMA!"
Couple took honeymoon. Only one returned.
My sarcasm degree really paid off...
One lucky break separated the friends.
Here already? - I can explain everything.
Infertile??? Tears...Pregnant?! Tears!!! Miscarriage. Nothing.
Invitations declined. Cats offer consolation friendship.
The childless couple lost their son.
Error: Please Input Blood to Continue.
happy place
Google: "How do I make friends?"
I looked for a non-existant breath.
Why can't I drown these memories?
It's you that makes me lonely
"Mr. President, don't push that button."
Pain. Heroin. Pain. Gunshot. Pain gone.
Her attractive curse drew wicked elements.
Mom died this year. Fuck Christmas.
Where the hell is my ring?
I'm fucking you from memory alone
The world emptied into the cities.
Don't plan ahead. It's too depressing.
I... uh... do you even... okay...
Everything you give me, I lose.
Now I have ice - cream for blood.
My reflection got hard. I didn't.
Onion stories found to be satire.
The terriblest two-year-old ever.
I the voters are an Idiot
My sister killed her only sibling
Lifelong Leafs fan: "who is Stanley?"
I've only ever revved my engine.
Packers lost. Lions won. God wept.
I wash, rinse, then don't repeat.
Before jumping, he clipped my parachute.
Everything worked out in the end.
The day she went away...remains.
Tried    robot prostitute... Some regrets.
Tried    robot prostitute. Shouldn't have.
It's not perfect, but it's ours.
Buying T-shirts again - outlived my scars.
Plumber named Mario murders thousandth joker.
"Prescribed obedience.", His mother jovially stated.
I can't sleep, I can't eat.
She'll never love like Mom did
Damn...I should have double tapped....
Time to go home. One more?
Stop voting this six word story
Car crashed into a Pole -Kurwa!
What does Marcellus Wallace look like?
Bought a scratcher. Twelve million dollars.
Without her. I will just sink.
Favourite treat. Favourite park. Then, goodbye.
Time travellers change art school's alumni.
Abandoned stroller, where's the baby gone?
2005: kn0thing, Spez fight, abandon project.
Kitten receives Christmas present. A family.
"Seen my wife?", Dad asked Mom.
In another world, America loves cricket.
Christmas: Debt rising to the occasion.
Me daughter dont need inglish clases!
It's not without love. Allow it.
Shopping without you leaves me listless.
Wait what? 911 ignored my call?
Accelerating
She loved the idea of love
He wept over the tiny coffin.
Just English words put in order.
Out of coffee, brain shutting down.
Deal with devil...totally with it!
Ten past two, where are you?
my continuing story in 6 words
I am just a filler friend
"You cook well", she sounded surprised.
We're not celebrating Christmas this year.
The less They know, the better.
Can can can? Well can can.
Hospitals closing. Doctors unemployed. Lives unfulfilling.
Yeah, arugula.. just say it... arugula..
I'm not sure if I'm indecisive.
Last Vow, "East Wind Is Coming"
"Eating your soul was a mistake."
Somebody set up us the bomb.
You didnt turn off the light?
God responded, "But earth is hell."
The sower went out sowing seed.
His last words, "I Can't Breathe"
Taking a handful, he scattered it.
Looked through peephole; saw the dead.
Madness, within. Bedlam...bullets. Madness, without.
He stood there, watching her escape.
He told himself, "just one more."
Utterly broken, he pleaded weakly, "Please..."
BA0016: Now Boarding. I haven't packed.
"Wanna go camping?" He innocently suggested.
"He's with me now," said mother.
Lack of Power is a crippling Endeavor.
He left, saying I need therapy.
His left eye was suddenly gone.
She walked in, my heart stopped.
Addict goes to court, brings syringe.
"Never met her", the murderer lied.
They're following, but not on Twitter.
Then I realized, Heaven is disappointing.
All of my friends are imaginary.
"It's a boy. Rest in peace."
Northern boy with a Southern soul.
Life is Darker than the view.
"My God. What happened?!" "The inevitable."
The robots asked, "What is Love?".
Intelligent life rediscovered on planet Earth.
Onomatopoeic alarm clock alphabetics: Aaaaaaaaa! Zzzzzzzzz!
what are these, jokes for ants?
Electric chair. Last time sitting down.
White man's firewater called Fracker Juice.
Life was terrible before the infection.
"Are you ready?" "Ready for what?"
Read to the casket: "Goodnight, moon..."
Mr. Owl ate my metal worm.
Was your father proud of me?
God doesn't work through Tinder dude.
Bob's return found "his" farm Fracked.
Even bankruptcy couldn't stop Fracker's Fuck.
I'm scared to death of dying.
Global warming replaced by nuclear winter
She gave me the ring back.
"You'll find a-" "Where? I'm 59."
To my everything I meant nothing.
No light behind your dead eyes.
Do not run. We will know.
The storm shattered his bottled message.
"I'm fine, Mom", I lied.
My scales had turned into skin.
"...time travel." I explained to me.
Yielded, but bloodied breath escaped me.
Arson inspector ignores father's engraved Zippo
"Beer run?" "... Yeah... sure." Shop. Soulmate.
Curiously, mirrors keep lying to me.
This is never the This desired.
Never going to give you up...
"It was just some cyanide, honey."
I've a great capacity for evil.
I want to share the moon.
Finals week oh shit, I'm screwed
I finally took my wifes virginity.
I'm having so much fun.
That's it, this subreddit is done.
Don't worry, I can text while
If everyone is special, nobody is.
Life's short. Yet again, life's long.
Sorry. We did everything we could.
Sport tackle; victory play; wheelchair shopping.
Another man down. So it goes.
"Change the date on the document."
His bullets killed my brave brother.
Christmas shopping left her utterly exhausted.
"God I hate cardio." "Run, zombies!"
The eradication was quick but efficient.
"Outrage sells; truth doesn't. Fix it."
"Outrage sells; truth doesn't. Fix it."
Toiletseat always up at her apartment
I fell in love with death
I never did go to school.
My youngest son has grey hairs.
Jodie Foster really hated Ronald Reagan.
"A labor of love." "Yeah, Love."
Get lost!
Horcruxes not high priority, wedding first.
Is that... light? Fuck, not again.
Points finger gun. Shot by Cops.
for sale: knitted hammock, used twice
I wished I was her phone...
Inverted totalitarianism exterminated preventative rational action.
Toddler eats espresso beans. Bedtime Extended.
Peppermint striping industry's red tape revealed.
Modern Relationship
Arrived at the hospital too late
you are the wind beneath me
"Doctor Kevorkian will see you now."
Thanks grandma! I love my sweater.
Kettle corn smell makes me salivate.
A story in only five words.
"It's not like we meant it."
Missed Call. Empty Glass. Hang Noose
Work. New project. Systematic. Interruptions!?!?! Chaos.
They were missed, mourned, and forgotten.
Held for ransom. Return flight canceled.
"No, that's Superman. You're doing well."
"You can't do that here, anymore."
Superman frets. His daughter's normal, vulnerable.
Relax, it was just a prank!
A cold heart, colder than Antarctica.
Years later, broken dreams reclaimed. Mended.
Visited parliament. Watched government not work.
The ides, impelled a, New Eden.
God = Cognitive dissonance and confirmation bias
Looking back, I'm sorry I laughed
He begrudgingly needed her... Loved her.
I quit my job blowing leaves.
Then "bankruptcy" transmogrified to: "resolution proceeding".
Try, fail, repeat. Fail to try.
killed ourselves; our ghosts made love.
the children always shouted her name
Said sorry, and inner-peace said hello.
Pious, still only fire. God lied.
Not addicted to masturbation! I swear!
He sheathed his sword and wept.
I am Jesus restituted. Who's Jesus?
He returns insulin to buy dollhouse.
Their Dogs ignored the Walking Dead.
Miss you. Called you. Voice mail.
"Ok Google, sing me Happy Birthday."
Mr. Schrdinger, the box is empty!
Played Civilization. Eventually stopped in 2015.
Funeral Friday Night. Includes Open Bar.
... Tinder downloaded ... Tinder deleted ... Tinder downloaded ...
"I concede", said Death, smiling softly.
Ghostly soldier grieves for wounded survivors.
Time swayed slow, relaxing with friends.
You're alive...and I'm a bigamist.
I'll do laundry tomorrow, he lied.
Soft. I remember her being soft.
i talk to myself at night
I'm so lucky, although I'm depressed.
There's no more "me." Goodbye Dear.
Twenty infidels died. There was nothing.
Wanted: Dead and Alive - Schrodinger's cat.
My poor calendar's days are numbered.
Hemingway's story was about a murder
Some of us are not equal.
These stories are always so depressing.
One bullet is a lifetime supply.
I just want to hang. Alone
Burning myself didn't keep him warm
No one had heard her screams.
"Hey humans...we found your Voyager-1."
Depression - Solitude is my glass fortress.
Doctors ate him, so...he's dead.
Fight Big Brother, sneak implied words!
We know you are out there.
finally, quietly, Death prevailed over all.
They redefined war as: Permanent Good.
"You're trying poverty?" "Yes, on weekends."
"You're trying poor?" "Yes, on weekends."
Girlfriend's children barely enough for stew.
Have you ever done anything illogical?
Alone, because the alternative isn't thinkable.
Bad parents make the best parents
It has been fun, but goodbye.
table
She won't wake up, say goodbye.
"You're not getting your ring back."
/r/sixwordstories / typically absent of / genuine haikus
"If you loved me..." "I don't"...
Stalin's son can't even shoot straight
Thanksgiving. Hungry Family. Broken Stove. "Pizza?"
Alcohol's cheaper and easier than therapy
Noise downstairs. I'll be right back.
Three Years Since Her Last BRB
"Family is forever." said divorced father.
Where did all the knives go?
I got a vasectomy. She's pregnant.
My son has just killed me
Cowardice, colonel? No. That was sanity.
my life now
At least it cant get worse
"Earth, water found on Europa... Earth?"
"False alarm!" I shout. Too late.
Hang on... These aren't my legs.
"The hell's that?" "A steering wheel."
"Goodbye, Houston. Thank you for trying."
Got IQ checked. Higher than thought.
I'm hers. She doesn't want me
Call to hear her voice again.
The early bird has no friends
The Sun set on her smile
"Where is the suspect?" "On Earth."
Private prison lobbyists demanded more criminals.
"HELP ME!" . "You have insufficient balance."
Poor, but living well... on credit.
Liv_4EVA last posted 36499 days ago
To-Do: 1. Find old to- do list...
Cable news overdoses. Conflict addiction suspected.
Selfish brother didn't attend Mom's funeral.
Unwanted daughter became a beloved niece.
She exhaled her last breath, "Goodbye".
Afterwards, death became just another day.
"Do you love me?" "Somedays yes!"
"You've lost weight" became an accusation.
Take me back to the shack
I kissed the empty pillow goodnight.
Further from society, closer to reality.
"I'll quit tomorrow, son". Deja vu.
His Alzheimer's stole their inside jokes.
What price, for an extraordinary life?
This story really needs a seventh -
I Fixed It! Just got worse.
Brown straw broke the camel's back
IRA's dwindling. Smoking my problems away.
Quest for sex explored empty crevasses.
We realized Frackers sold bottled water.
Discovered annoying neighbour's cute. Bought earplugs.
Why are my pants over there?
I deserved much better than you
Retirement fund's dwindling. Taking up smoking.
Deleting "Mom" from my contact list
Ken Dodd's Dad's Dog's Dead...again.
/r/LongDistance, /r/Relationship_Advice, /r/OffMyChest, /r/Depression, /r/SuicideWatch, /r/DeadRedditors
She will be your new mom.
He mailed the divorce papers unsigned.
"Been playing PS16 all day. You?"
There is no slaughter without laughter.
'Dont switch me off, i feel-...'
How was the play Mr. Lincoln?
"Trouble: shoot yourself" or "troubleshoot yourself"?
No medals, just headstones for participation.
Parents got separated. It wasn't divorce.
"My name is Emily.", he said.
The whiteness of it was disturbing
John receives text from Terminator "brb"
He had finally discovered true fear
A cry. I smile. "Welcome, Emily."
Rubber-billed woodpecker in a petrified forest.
I had never meant to hurt you.
sort by price: low to high
He was granted a posthumous pardon.
Walked away from peer-pressure; and friends.
"Yeah, I'm good to drive" R.I.P.
His heart's in the wrong place.
The Simpsons nods to Hemingway's story
The light flickered as I left.
Father Time's unbeaten streak finally ends.
She's not in the basement anymore.
Woke Up Wishing That I Didn't
"Who is that guy?" "That's you."
I've never been home alone before
I say, "Not today," to death.
Sold soul for immortality, eternal youth.
"Maria, don't just say things. Talk."
Beginnings
An unknowing widow awaits her sailor.
"Father, I sinned. Forgive me." "No."
"We marched that show for you."
Blood falls on buried gold. Betrayal.
"Honest! I forgot the safe word!"
For sale: dead format, overused daily
Unboxing video schedule hurt her hands.
The Sun will vaporize Earth.... now.
I'm terminal. I wish I could
One Heart: Love, or best offer.
"Any last words?" "I forgive you"
Final transmission: stuck in the Triassic.
Two charcoal lumps, still holding hands.
Tongue licked tears, then went limp.
Screams everywhere! No panic, everybody deaf.
I'm flying! Uh, can't turn! SHI
I've never felt at home anywhere
/r/firstworldanarchists find out about /r/sixwordstories
I didn't buy her these flowers?
"We'll survive." Lies. Guess I'm heroic.
She's pregnant again. I can't be.
Trimmer battery died while shaving pubes
Somewhere, we are getting it right.
"Turn the launch key. Now!" "...No."
"But what makes you happy?" "Happy?"
Life is better with you though
Don't let things hurt too much
Muzak reminded him of the shooting.
Wake up. Bake up. Cake's up.
You know, life's safer without superheroes.
Countdown: Five... Four... Three... Two... One...
Jennifer Lawrence. Emma Watson. Reddit explodes.
two years, two relationships, I'm broken.
two years, two relationship, shattered heart
Cried today, because still in love.
The heart cannot listen to facts
Being the hero gets boring fast.
Prayer or not, it's always silent.
Investigative journalism sometimes warrants... dubious practices.
Economics trumps alchemy: severe lead shortages.
"You drew the shortest straw, mate."
Oblivious, the audience cheerfully waved flags.
Now Lazarus is afraid to sleep.
Was good, then poof, now what?
I thought it was a dream...
Alone, again. Choose your friends wisely.
"Hello, who is this?" "Run. Now."
Marriage certificate, never signed, thank God.
Externally locked, the basement door trembled.
"I miss you." "Who is this?"
Suicide pact. One survived, been committed.
The man hanging, was that me?
Expressive Aphasia: I literally can't even
"I'm leaving for therapy." "Have fun!"
Long live the Emperor of America!
Careful kid, the safety is- *bang*
Beneath the ocean, submarine beeps "Aliens!"
Beneath the oceans, oil beckoned scoundrels.
This is no place for Utopians
I arrived, I breathed, I died.
Six words snapshots, that tell stories.
the key to satisfaction is to
He wept. She lived. Job done.
Missing someone who never loved me.
He died as he lived: alone
They've forgotten know how to read.
Your memory is like a dream
Every hurt I've hoarded... let go.
Your baby pics earned us karma.
Expiry dates past 2016 proved unnecessary.
I am undeserving of your love
I wish that I still cared.
"Who do you hate, Adolf?" "Myself."
Her reply? A simple, "Seen at"
I
This is the end. You lose.
Late. Hit the gas. Never reached.
One more shovelful and finally, peace.
Earth sucks. Alien Internet's so weird.
Earth sucks. Alien TV's so weird.
You are afraid because I exist.
"Elf-inflicted wound, Rookie?" "Uh, yes Captain."
We kissed. She became a zombie.
Inheritance: an IOU and a revolver.
That was when I stopped breathing.
Hi there, how are you today?
"I'm not pretty." "But you're beautiful."
And then God said, "turn up!".
I cant take it, goodbye everyone.
After the accident, she wasn't beautiful.
Human race's future -- death or space?
You get to choose; One survives.
Count out your six word stories
I am different than everyone else
Mom's never quite gone. Love lasts.
"Don't ban cigarettes!" compelled the cardiologist.
I risked nothing; I risked everything.
Yesterday, we killed the last god.
Humans. Again as few as six.
Our arguments. Once, only this long.
Dad's getting that old man smell.
Started house alone. They finished together.
"Will she be-?" The doctor shrugged.
The smashed mirror reflected several facets.
Was the monster born, or made?
Was the eldest of three. Was.
Get out while you still can
Only he was on a date.
He returned today. She died yesterday.
Soldier dad dies something something flag.
Turns out, she loved me too!
Something sad was vaguely described.
Kitten pileup! Progress stopped for hours.
This used to be our song.
Returned home. Was no longer home.
Your very existence makes me sick.
After the end, Death was alone.
The world will end in one ...
Wheel change unsuccessful. Locked in boot.
My biggest lie: "I am okay."
Heartbroken.
Story
Humpty Dumpty was pushed, it's true.
I never learned how to love.
you asked me to fight you
Please babe, understand what I mean...
Knew gunman's name. Didn't know victim's.
Well, that goes so many ways.
Little fingers held the folded flag
Battery 1%, text "pray for me"
Forever is the same to all.
daydreaming
DAE... I'm the only one? Oh...
"Table for two?" "No, just one"
Being attentive and creative beats "HUNG".
The diagnosis is neurosis. Thanks, Mom.
"We did not find a heartbeat."
Today, I finally bought some happiness.
"I didn't kill her" he pleaded
Chance meeting. Stories. Laughter. Love rekindled.
My nightstand book is getting dusty
"Please select your child's eye color."
"Please select you child's eye color."
Wait, your toothbrush? This is mine.
Died an athiest in religious war.
That damn note killed your mother!
The bun's not in the oven.
Until he asks, I'll stay silent.
Lost
How did I get here..
My soul mate isn't my husband.
"I love you." *Message not delivered*
I fell; She didn't catch me.
Acquaintances faded to Facebook. Friends stayed.
My vacuum-cleaner keeps on gathering dust.
Never One
We are running in different directions.
Where to hide one billion bodies.
Personal heroes forgotten; My interests changed.
six words
"Got some time?" "No." "Later?" "Neither."
The greatest lie; I'm just tired.
Blue
Broke free. Died very quickly after.
Way Blocked
You again? Nobody here wants you.
Choosing wedding-ring. Unsure I'll wear it.
Choosing wedding- ring, I'm unsure I'll wear.
Was kind. Left a legacy behind.
Killing was fun. Especially in prison.
Checking text, quick turn, never arrived
checking text, unexpected left, one fatality
Stop filming! This isn't fun anymore...
Dad liked "straight me", not me.
Then the spectators ate the performer.
Reflection smiles, why? unknown. goodbye
not in me, oh god no
Plan B prescription from her rapist.
Should've brushed my teeth BEFORE pooping.
Watching Cops. Wait that's my hous-
I won't let myself think much.
Is this another fucked up dream?
Fwd: Nudes for your eyes only ;)
hanging from my bones like curtains.
"Everyone, stop lying about me!" -She
RE: RE: RE: RE: Overdone Story?
The red button has been pushed.
Dad, I don't think I'm adopted...
Editing takes so long because extra
Decaf in a Styrofoam cup, sigh.
Free Will For Sale - Fifty Cents
Girl with martyr complex seeks pyre.
All celebrities are dead.... What now?
Read. Type. Send. Reload. Reload. Reload.
Spoken aloud, love to silent graves.
Re: Re: Re: Ending our affair?
Here's a cat. Give me karma!
Even tried online. Nobody's selling time.
FW: FW: RE: Help! Home Intruders!
celebrities filled picture frames, no family.
50% cops. 50% prisoners. 0% civilians.
Zeus got drunk and tickles Atlas.
She freed him from his plight
Best and worst moments. Same memory.
Beware of dog covered in blood.
Dust to rock to dust again.
Fighting for freedom: inspiring lives, deaths.
Keep reaching. You'll get there someday.
Grab a shovel, I miss mom.
Hooked on dreams, playing empty seats.
TRY!! One, two, three ... five. NO!!
I am not who I was
Waited for change. And waited. And...
"You're my biggest mistake", said mom.
Convey something sad in six words!
I think my Percs went bad
Goody, Veterans Day...Whats on sale?
Bullied nerd freshman became geek boss.
There is absolutely no story here.
Then... they redefined thought as terrorism.
"Well, he's definitely alive, technically speaking..."
Million page study proves trees sentient.
My love never called me back.
No more cancer, lots of tears.
Wrote to my diary. Got reply.
Jump? No? Yes? No? Yes? Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!
Thought about therapy, the voices disagreed.
I don't deserve any Self-Esteem...
Candies mom? NO! Dad? NEVER! Wouaaaaaaa!!
Darkness before. Then light. Darkness again.
The cell door closed, "Goodbye, son"
Stopped trusting anyone since they left.
"I couldn't care less about us."
Change of plans, casket for sale.
New York Jets:- Rebuilding Since 1969
I stopped taking my meds today.
Won't find roses chasing cheap perfume.
"Spare change?" asked the former CEO
They found me between the lines.
Beat Cancer. Killed in Freak Accident.
E.T. phones home. No answer
Clown ex-boyfriend; had penis in knots
I still feel the corpse kicking.
Clean. Relapse. Clean. Relapse. Clean forever.
Body and Soul for sale, separately.
Mathematician nightmare: statistics statistically proven inaccurate.
Got into heaven. Bored as hell.
Enclosed in spacesuits, the corpses floated.
She's incredible, but she's not you.
Together, they are never more alone.
Aged 87; Broke hip on trampoline.
'Your word against mine' said god.
Science concludes: curiosity killed Schrdinger's cat.
Hypochondriac dies in a car accident.
Hiding until November didn't save her.
I didn't slept. Neither does she.
My room was all packed up.
Building collapsed. Amanda becomes Schrdinger's child.
He awoke to 83 missed calls.
The Roomba took it very harshly.
Love letter written, then burned. Repeat.
She'll make a great ex-wife someday.
The husband was dutiful, nothing else.
Please, any universe but this one.
I can't remember her name anymore
Bad day, got worse, learned nothing.
Before I die, the combination is..
Before I die, the code is..
Wife's dead. I didn't mean to.
So small, so cold, so silent.
Conspiracy theorists are always delusional, sometimes.
The meaning to all life is
I love you [Backspace][Backspace][Backspace]
Backspace
Long story short, I'm alone now.
All that remained was her smell.
Finnish: a short story. The End.
do you think I'm crazy NOW?!
Yo hago puchero, ella hace puchero
Fracker juice secreting regulatory agent explodes.
"Teacher, may I use the-- OOPS."
Aliens prevented us from exterminating ourselves.
"Teacher, may I use the-- uh-oh."
Shot myself in the mouth. Missed.
Postmortem selfies attract more likes, awesome.
"Goodby" crossed out in red pen.
Fracker juice found in president's semen.
Father... Can I reuse her Ring?
first attempt
Turns out, I don't know CPR.
Two weeks, and I loved him.
Six word stories get me karma.
He uploaded corpse pictures to 4chan.
I was fired; costume too tight.
I didn't realize he was gay
Wasn't comfortable in his work clothes.
The lights went out. It appeared.
"Baby bump? No. It's a tumor."
God and I got silly today
Six word Sub mission: Commence Operations
She wears jackets on hot days.
If this, then that. The End.
First I donated, now I receive.
The terrible twos lasted till adulthood.
Pointlessly rearranging furniture in my head.
There's a bullet in the gun
Why the 300 character limit here?
He used the forbidden middle urinal.
Faced suicide. Decided against. Healing now.
Awkwardly accepted a "vegetarian" ham omelette.
Maybe I am a terrifying person
"Come in", smiled the Venus flytrap
World ended, we just didn't realize
Internal abuse screams. External abuse scars.
Death hits home in six words
Gave up. no hope. finally free
we have thirty seconds of oxygen.
People are finally downvoting my submissions!
My alternate account keeps fighting me.
"I am only one among millions."
Piss on my cummy tummy
"12/21/12" the day the world ended.
Girl in Che shirt: "What's marxism?"
"Take me back. I can't deal."
My dog is a real asshole.
Screw the bounty; just kill her.
"The ambulance broke down en route."
And you thought I was female?
We all shared the same grave.
Porn website goes "green", not "green"
Groups of atoms became self aware.
The Zombies rose to work ... again.
The script he imagined didn't happen.
No soldier returns from battle intact.
Surviving is very different from living.
"We can build a better human"
I liked that guy, too bad
Friend Request Accepted! Clicked... in silence.
He was the last to die.
Your princess is in another castle.
I'm sick of following all these rules.
"Houston... we're not alone on Mars."
You die once but live forever
Held 0.99 close. She's "The One".
Saved six, lost one - my father.
Killed his own. Stole the throne.
One day, you won't wake up.
...My wife fucks better than this...
Army: out of extra-small uniforms.
Together we tired of each other
Drinking is borrowing happiness from tomorrow
Home from work? Fappity fap fap.
Those things aren't your children anymore.
Got lost using map. loathed irony.
Dad's drinking, with friends. We hope.
Tyler Perry's 12 Years A Slave
Each brought forgiveness and make-up hugs.
Fuck, she has to die too
Sad hallucination: seeing stillness in movement
Beat my dick, got my nut.
Last month: COME HOME! (Not read)
I am tired of hearing sirens!!!
Very good children, very bad men.
If you bacon, they will come.
Quit smoking, just not soon enough.
Donkey Punch, just for her pleasure.
She smiles blissfully, guilt consumes me.
Six Words? What did he say?
That' a double-failure organ donation
The TV people have left Earth.
Not All Stories End in Tragedy
Jian Ghomeshi...one shot or two?
My stutter is pretty bbad.
Midget Emperor buys King Size Cigarettes
"I'm playing a round ..." "With golf?"
"Honey, I'm playing around ... ... of golf"
I don't have bipolar, you're lying.
It's all propaganda, don't believe it.
Santa? ha ha ha ha... Santa?
Mothers, Fathers, Sons and Daughters. Dead.
Santa? ha ha ha ha... Santa?
So small, so fragile, so smiling.
My dreams died when she did.
"I love you" I texted. "Seen."
A broken promise. A broken heart.
Suicide note: Twelve likes. No comments.
There are no strings on me.
Your love is a deep well.
Can't stop hoping you'll show up.
Re: Re: Re: One more question
He left me for my father.
Escaping from my phone, admiring Autumn.
Antares Rocket blew up on launch.
"We'll survive this, son" I lied.
Counting dollars, tethered to escaping dreams.
Days feel like centuries without you.
Mom's boyfriends are now my gurlfriends.
In hospital, losing friends, one by...
TMZ: "FIRST FEMALE PRESIDENT; SECRETLY MALE?!"
Buried in work. No more feelings.
"Curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal!"
Eyes closed. I count to three.
We do God's work, killing heretics
We came at the same time.
Went to bed smiling, didn't wake.
Laughing with relief..."everythings a weapon"
"Curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal!"
Spike: "Out for a walk. Bitch."
My daughter's hero donated his organs.
He is waiting. I am expecting.
I breathe in you, no respond.
Famous Last Words
DoctorDOH submitted another story, everyone downvoted.
Sadistic crap, legitimized by florid prose.
"You're going insane," they told himself.
The Egyptian Revolution came full-circle.
Learned her pornstar name at honeymoon
I wish I believed my lies.
A feeling of distance changes everything.
Colonel Mustard. Dining room. Lead pipe.
Can enjoy life later, I'm immortal
At funeral. Crying. Tears of joy.
I sprinkled my work with Reddit.
Loneliness, thanks for the friendship. Goodbye.
"Dad, why does Mom always cry?"
"Dude, hold my beer!" "Which one?"
Magnificent armies lie asleep, beneath earth.
I'm great! -The band-aids lied
Like crimson leaves, I have fallen.
I have fallen, like crimson leaves.
Close your eyes. Do you see?
Then I realized: we're both lying.
Went from carving wood, to skin
after you, I hate new york.
Blind people can't see true beauty.
Got a baseball, wanted a Barbie.
Better Hurry. Your mom's yelling something.
Better hurry. Your mom's yelling something.
Forgot to edit! Protagonist regrettably dyed.
Better hurry. Your mom's yelling something.
Forgot to edit! Protagonist has dyed.
Sought genuine human connection. Found liquor.
Didn't fuck her, she fucked me
I thought I'd gotten over her.
"Hissss..." said the snake. "Oh no!"
There's something wrong with this house.
How come they don't visit, doctor?
I want to have your abortion
You have lung cancer, Mr. White.
Teleportation animal trial successful! ... In parts.
Hours reduced. Everything healthy, so costly.
Power is gone. What now? Masturbate!
Together we share our final breath.
Would you please moan my name?
It was how she remained pure.
"Does she do drugs?" "Soap operas."
She awoke from her coma screaming
"We trusted you, Mr President."
Inevitable loss. My faith, my innocence.
My bed has his smell again
His children went hungry another night.
premature birth; premature death. never belonged.
I heard screaming and then silence.
I'm going to tell her. ... Tomorrow.
"Doesnt anyone care?" "No." screamed silence.
Doctors' ex's eat apples once daily.
Fought for freedom, forgotten by free.
I watched someone die last night.
His smile was his deadly weapon.
Today's teachers are behind enemy lines.
Please read: Unoriginal mundane story post
The tear in reality opened wider.
Freedom costs two souls. I paid.
"I don't," said my best friend.
She said goodbye. I didn't hear.
Miracles sometimes fail. She's left again.
"Poop!" Secret pigeon army attacks bullies.
A child weeps in her powerlessness.
Miracles sometimes fail. She's left again.
Dreamt of happiness, almost did something.
"Apple or starve?", asked the serpent.
This silence is getting too loud
"Ooh, free grenade!" Famous last words.
"I wanna be, the very best..."
"Prison food is terrible," Dahmer claims.
Leave, my daughters imaginary friend said.
Inspiration strikes... Too tired to write.
Without ghosts, Pac-man's existence becomes pointless.
[Meta] Similar subreddit for fictional headlines?
Regret more, what I don't do
Dresses? No, only for my sister.
Old. But, still open to love.
Dresses? No, only for my sister.
"Will they come?" wondered the alien.
He's not a pedophile. He's Dad.
Oh, look, the train is coming...
I wish I knew... I didn't.
And so her virginity took her.
Your sweater fits her perfectly, darling.
Your phlange tastes like butter.... Yum
"If you're willing, I'll pay you..."
They said I had a choice.
I still can't write a story
Ebola ends mankind. Women inherit earth.
What would happen if someone buttfucked?[NSFW]
coffee grounds, you smell so good
She provided a smothering safety net.
Humanity's collective story explained to others.
A farmer, buried in his home.
She hit the road. It reciprocated.
Repeat: President spotted. Fire at will.
I did! Did. Did... Did I?
Received bachelor's degree. Still flipping burgers.
"P-please... I have a family... I--"
Brilliant Imagination, Lost To Amateur Writing.
Ebola vs. man: who will win?
Ebola vs. human: who will win?
"This isn't real," said my therapist.
Facebook account for sale. Friends included.
The meta story had six words.
All the world consumed my life.
"Extra, Extra! Tiny Story Lacks Tragedy!"
Let lust go. Let love in.
I still paid the dead hooker.
"Extra, Extra! Tiny story lacks tragedy!"
There's something frantic about her eyes.
Big hearts tell complex litt*l*e stor*ies*
"What did he tell you?" "...Nothing"
"I exist!" said Man excitedly. "So?"
Written with shaky hand, "Love, Mother."
"Son, your gun." "What?" "It's hot."
Jewish guy neglects religion, goes ham.
The answer matters, not the question.
"I (met) love (somebody) you (else)."
Record Stores Create Many Empty Wallets
I Don't Have Ebola! I swear!
I stopped running. He was here.
"Please... don't go," I begged myself.
Your dog must be put down.
Waffle ... nonsensE ... jaRgon ... pOppycock ... verBiage ... gUff.
I've died? Show me no mercy!
For Sale: Wedding Gown, never word.
Research papers can burn in Hell.
Last two humans quarrel over scraps.
Love is lost in poor communication.
Four stepping stones. Four wet feet.
Stumbling upon the Earth, they laughed.
The sun rose. He had stayed.
"Kid, I'll rape you." "Wha's rape?"
A red bath ends my suffering.
The best man's now a pallbearer.
Granada laughed. "Trees? Before my time."
And so, he got his respite.
My finger misses its wedding ring.
Infantile handwriting just read "miss you".
"Technology's DANGEROUS!" - Sent from my iPhone
Why do I always fuck everything up?
"One more bite won't kill- " *thud*
Mom? Dad? ... Am I a hologram?
For sale: Pretentious six word stories.
My heart stepped off the ledge.
Last Words? "I won't forget you."
Hipster wishes date uncool, but cool.
Mother, please put down the gun.
"Lost in woods. Send no help."
Fuhrer, let's open with a prayer.
Something came back today. Some spark.
"No! You're just a phase Mother!"
"You're not lonely, you're just depressed."
Test. Please don't upvote this story.
The stranger tricked me with treats.
Her ring weighed down the letter.
17; been 10 for 7 years
Saying: "Yes, boss." Meaning: "Broke sucks."
Told you! I always tell you.
The politicians are all gone now.
She went black, then went back
Funeral parlor profits skyrocketed that day.
In some way, we belong together.
Atleast Luke Skywalker had a father
She danced for him. He slept.
alcohol, she comes, warms the soul,
My girlfriend met my wife today.
I lost my way to you.
"Turn up for Jesus!", said Judas.
"Fatigue...tenderness..." She vomits again. "...Pregnant."
Cold, dark. I am chicken thigh.
Money for things I can't enjoy.
Message in a bottle? Where? *burp*
I pre-gamed before the arcade.
He mEans welL, keePing Me hostagE.
Hed say single. He meant alone.
Protagonist in a story never started.
Feeling skin crawl off my soul.
Where is your god now, bitch?
She sleeps peacefully behind stone walls.
This Thursday is feeling very Monday.
My story: not enough in six...
To understand death, the immortal killed.
Watching Youtube, eyes burning ... then dimming.
Death rode forth, and I followed
Only pain will keep it real.
"Let me visit her in hell!"
Downloaded Find Friends app. Still lonely.
The girl's head turned fully around.
Get high. Study high. Score high.
Throwing rocks, throwing looks, throwing flowers.
Watching the Orioles, the fan wept.
Five-Oh Five-Oh. Ash it!
Always the bride, never a bridesmaid
Market goes up. Market goes down.
There was, but now? No baby.
One word. One vow. Many dead.
Explosion. Air rushes out. Gasping. Silence.
She left. Couldn't buy her happiness.
Forest fire overwhelms rain. Heartbroken. Homeless.
Hungry time-traveller goes back four seconds.
Fire overwhelms rain. Wet. Homeless. Heartbroken.
The last man on earth failed.
Sometimes, I imagine you and I.
Thirty seven bodies: new world record.
His dreams became his victims' nightmares.
Life's a tragedy. Try to laugh.
*click*, went my gun. He grinned
Money meant little, till desperately needed.
"I love you" said the stranger
Dead inside. To be dead outside.
Wealth, meant little, till desperately needed.
Cities weep. Isis, blind, deaf, stupid...
NASA commits typo, receives unlimited funding
Hate the sin, love the sinner
Really? Are the downvotes that necessary?
He smiled. She wasn't alone today.
For lease: artificial heart, barely used.
Another cross on dead man's curve.
I've dated haystacks. Still no needle.
"You're my mother?" Sister nodded, softly.
I love you, Drive Thru Girl.
"Can't even tie the knot right!"
He persevered until sleeping hurt too.
Came here to live. Died anyway.
Hitler wasn't *terrible*; he killed Hitler.
I thought God told me to...
God forbid you do anything dangerous!
One day I will be whole.
Wish I had tried my best.
I laugh when I should cry
Scientists discover virus' origin: The media.
She waited up, he fell asleep.
Yesterday begs, tomorrow lies, today is
I thought she was still alive.
My husband pretended to be asleep.
Distance makes hearts even more distant.
Watched my son bury his dreams.
"Just do it. Nothing matters anymore."
Left Earth. Mars sucks. Kinda stuck...
He did it all to himself.
I guess i'm a rebel.
I was late. He'd already departed.
"Nope, I ain't no fuckin' snitch"
It's spawn is growing inside him.
REPORT: Buzzfeed, Comcast bidding for Reddit
Drunk Alone Tonight. Forgive Me Life.
So I went to the store
Tricked myself into believing I'm sentient.
After the long journey, I sat.
Every kiss begins with Kay. Bullshit.
I loved him. Simple as that.
*pushes, pushes, pushes* Door says pull.
Now I suck dick for crack.
Immortals became men, choosing an ending.
Parents come visiting. Laughter comes visiting.
Santa, bring some work for Dad.
I wont eat. My child will.
'untold' secrets make the best stories
After death, morning rose uncaringly beautiful.
Jarred awake from the American dream.
~~Today I decided to kill myself~~
When you die, it's all over.
"I still love you" "seen yesterday"
As always, she slept alone tonight.
Nightmares. Always. Still better than waking.
Burn The Haystack; Find The Needle.
They're not family, but they're mine.
Untied the tree's yellow ribbon today.
Sorry, this is not a human.
Suddenly, she was no longer pregnant.
Murder trial by process of elimination.
Childhood together. Adulthood apart. Retirement together.
Re-enlisted, stuck in my way out.
Childhood dreams left us disappointed adults.
My therapist broke up with me.
Oh God Down Woted Again Nooooo
Most disappointing pee of my life.
My Love and Your Hate turmoil
We got married. To other people.
Scarred wrists lie. Cheerful, content, gay.
I just can't take it anymore
I trusted the autocorrect too much...
Blood? From my eyes? Oh man.
As the rocket hit, she wept
"Deal faster!" cried the losers. "Six!..."
For sale: unused "Welcome Back" poster
I believe god believes in us.
I wanted to submit a story.
It will hurt like hell, forever.
Thank god! It's finally a boy!
Do you know what this means?
A cold wind blew. I cried.
Tragedy is no milk for cereal.
Scarred wrists lie. He's happy, now.
"Who else is calling you 'baby'?!"
It's just a joke, bro, calm--
One part student, two parts caffeine.
I'm so glad I found you.
Baby shoes For Sale, never worn
she sang herself raw, they yawned
Barter Water for Earth Someday Drown
"It's fine." Foolishly, I believed her.
Why lie? I need a beer.
He's trying to find my account.
"Don't. Move." She trembled, terrified. Perfect.
"My God, it's full-" "-we know."
You let them go? They're infected!
Infant death: parents mourn, police investigate.
For sale: sheet music, once played.
Headlines: Oxygen Riots Across Lunar Cities
"The...the patient sneezed on me!"
Tried to look away, I couldn't.
sometimes, break rules
Boomerang shaped iPhone hits Android user.
On the earth. In the earth.
She died before I killed her.
Writer's Block: So... well... umm... yeah.
I'm just distracting myself from boredom.
His heart's shards were very sharp.
His heart's shards were sharp enough.
filled with nostalgia, stories of old
Bought fifty bullets. Forty-nine left over.
Her cock ring didn't fit him.
Gave a kidney back to her
This sub is full of death.
Went blind; eye's fine... Brain cancer.
"I love you". "I love myself".
"I love you!" "No, thank you..."
All diseases have a cure, death.
Cake had replaced sex for me
He played golf. I played around.
Offer: indoor trapeze. Need: splotch remover.
Offer: indoor trapeze. Want: black suit.
"Son, I'm sorry that I never. . ."
"Face it. He lived. You died."
Encrusted Etruscan custard, western perception muttered
Mother retreated 'home'. Canary to cage.
Therapist is two words put together.
Mom's Sunday Best included judgy-pants.
"One more match," he said. *Scratch*
What will your last meal be?
He played God. Triple-word score bonus!
He played God. Triple word score!
I thought she's my soul mate
She fucked each of them, twice.
I've never actually gotten a match...
This one time...at band camp...
Cubicle escape tunnel, a runaway success!
New Dad kisses New Mom's smile.
Ground Control to Major Tom... Silence.
I am a writer who never
Nurse infected with Ebola. That's mom.
Alzheimer left the way he came.
Flocks overhead indicated: time to run.
"3, 2, 1." "I'll always love-"
You are there, but I'm not
Pulled me in, pushed me away.
Found time capsule... from the future.
Child Saved! Keep the likes coming.
She died known as Jane Doe
No discussions, just more shitty puns.
Six Bullets, Six Targets, No Redemption.
"Because we know where she is."
Instantly, I watched you fade away.
Gone fishing. Will return after death.
She uses makeup for nonexistent imperfections.
Our legislation does not permit bigamy.
"You're just hallucinating," lied my cat.
"We have that bit of hope"
His Saturdays are now sadder days.
My girlfriend only dates fuck ups
An American on the inside out.
When time freezes, I will stop.
No toilet paper? No more socks.
Died a virgin, wasn't buried one.
"We got you a sled, Casper!"
Schooling: mainly linear. Learning: mainly non-linear.
Anger fuels me. So do tacos.
Your tests have come back positive.
My god, It's full of stars.
It's the same nightmare every time.
The Weather man is Never right
Kill Dad before he kills Mom.
He laid down the suicide vest.
Joined the Marines, regretted it instantly.
For hire: programmer, accepts minimum wage.
Bullied redditor, bully others. Isn't better.
Knock. Knock. "Hey..." "...Hi..." True love.
Life's so easy, it's become hard.
Checked her facebook. Relationship status: single
Reddit down voted my suicide note.
End, i close my eyes, no
Death reaps empty fields, forever alone.
Whatever it was, it was real.
The invisible man disappeared, nobody noticed.
I killed a dove on purpose.
I called my step-mother, "Mom," today.
Each beer made him slightly skinnier.
Reading her mind made her paranoid
What's one more day without her?
Killed himself with an empty gun.
"I know, I feel it too."
They thought he had no fear.
I can't be with you anymore.
Genie grants wish... without ironic twist.
It's hard to capture happiness in . . .
"Daddy, where do babies come from?"
Two reflections. Only one is mine.
"i'll love you till death". BANG!
Bubbles should blow me in return.
"Yes, even when we're both old."
Target acquired! Nuclear strike in ... ..... ... three ...
At last, the fighting has begun.
"We're all black." - said the blind.
I have a headache. No coffee.
"Racism?! We're black!" - said the blind.
Psychiatrist: "Maybe life isn't for everyone"
I heard that child's doll ticking.
I drink this school work away.
A simple plan became overly complicated.
My mother called me "Specimen #2129".
Childless through cancer, stumbling towards happy.
Last text from Mom: Love You :-)
"He shit his pants!" we laughed.
Why aren't you wearing pants, dad?
Literally shit my pants in laughter.
We're happy to buy; Apple watches.
Different backgrounds. Different lives. Same laugh.
If she runs again, delete her.
My bed has lost his smell
Wished to be Batman. Became Bat-dad.
The time tourists have stopped visiting...
Interact process update interact process update
Lost: virginity. Gained: reputation, stalker, syphilis.
"Sanity is overrated", we thought aloud.
Sorry, just didn't cut it anymore.
They all left...left me behind.
9 years friend-zoned. The great escape!
we reunited for a stock photo
Eldest daughter, 17, now an aunt.
Is This the Before, or After.
They laugh, while they bury me.
One Man. One Teleporter. Endless Adventures.
He, she, and one facebook profile.
Amidst poverty, teachers fight "You can't"
The eternal Cycle reigns over all
They armed the ISS with Nukes
Sadness is just shitty scotch tape
This story is just six words long.
Today feels like every other day.
Dawn broke the dream's heartening promise.
Batterred, he lied about football injuries.
You're not Hemingway. Still can try.
Off guard. Knocked down. Knocked up.
People are different stories, similiar books.
From his tree, he could see.
"Don't believe in ghosts. Such liars."
Need: some kindness, some humor, abs.
Achieved my dream. Then woke up.
Beneath the suit, he's quite racist.
Battered, she went back to cleaning.
Open link, close link, never sleep.
God, when will you come back?
"Hold my beer, and watch this!"
Her last words: "John, I'm pregnant."
In the fear, murder came naturally.
All good devils masquerade under light.
Life
Mom sleeping over. Where're my earplugs?
I hate being Bipolar, it's amazing.
Entered a convent, wanna be lesbian.
Epjrjestelmllistyttmttmyydellnsknkhn lentokonesuihkuturbiinimoottoriapumekaanikkoaliupseerioppilaamme korjasi atomiydinenergiareaktorigeneraattorilauhduttajaturbiiniratasvaihteen, vai kumarreksituteskenteleentuvaisehkollaismaisekkuudellisenneskenteluttelemattomammuuksissansakopahan?
Why stop now? She's already dead.
Privacy's not dead. It's just expensive.
My consciousness didn't die with me.
The ground is her home now.
He left 'friends' to find friends.
"Take a swing, PUSSY!" *Loses consciousness*
He left 'friends' to find friends.
For sale: edible underwear. Worn once.
Teach the test or you're fired.
She stole my wallet. And soul.
"The children will starve today. Again."
Behind closed eyes I'm still awake.
The Koch brothers died. Nobody cried.
He had overdosed on anti-depressants.
He would have been nineteen today
Child's blanket, used once, some stains.
Moving trees, go get your axe.
First passport. Loudspeaker, "Brace for impact."
SixWordsShort
I'm sorry, dad. You're too drunk.
Always asking "please," he never did.
No one ever taught me to count.
She's so wonderful. Ah, a ring.
Reasons to live: Afraid of death.
His first breath - also his last.
"He died instantly," the officer lied.
He smiled a lonely smile, again.
The last star went out tonight..
Stayed together, until she found better.
I wonder if it's too late.
He was my kryptonite. Good riddance.
"Fuck the Judge!",cried the First-Timer.
Death would never look the same.
Discovered the happiness' secret. Sold millions.
"I'm so lonely" "Here's a revolver"
Time is money and I'm late
Telepathic aliens' weakness: humanity's dark thoughts.
Killed NPC. Couldn't loot the hat.
"Look deep within yourself." "Sorry, too shallow."
Species: Homo Sapiens. Conservation status: endangered.
Love is an open door, closed
OUCH. Cutting onions. So much blooooergh.
Left a slipper; stole my heart
Geek girl met geek guy. Love.
From broken dreams, he rose again.
"Vanity's a shallow grave." "Ubiquity isn't?"
Texting whilst driving, daughter now dead.
Today her Tamagotchi finally died, too.
She unknowingly almost wrote a masterpiece.
Mother's death: Guilt free posthumous suicide.
Misophonia + Dad loudly crunching chips = HELL.
Skull-splitting chastisement: "   "
Sorry, there's nothing we can do.
They stayed together for angry sex
I'm not angry. I'm just disappointed.
Took a bullet. Still left me
I finally saw my son's grave.
Blinding the beholder. Eyes in hand.
Their second chance lasted a lifetime.
That's it. I'm out. Click. Boom.
Too Much Too Young, tee-hee, daddy?
Bloods drips from the blade's tip.
"I love her" he said alone
Lament of Misophonia
On the classroom floor children lay.
Robot,"I was once Ray Kurzweil".
My house has become my anchor.
Our hearts, forever close, not touching.
Food: uneaten. Tea: warm. Window: broken.
Out of ink. Fuck you. ~Printer
Awaken from coma. Fiance now married.
Life's rarely fair; death less so.
"Matthew McConaughey?" - "dark chocolate?" - "scented candles?"
On the train.
Our hearts, forever close, not touching.
After we finished, she would cry.
Marriage to lover. Funeral of friendships.
The explorer fed the tribe well.
engulfed by windows, they broke-in
Just Married. Baby on the way...
Art was a womanizer (in training).
Your funeral should be next week.
Hochexplosivflugabwehrgeschoexplosionsgerusche erzeugen Angstattacken in ehemaligen Konzentrationslagerinsassen.
Love compared to bacon. Now not.
Teacher: "You can!" Life: "You cant."
From friend, to lover...to coworker.
The adventure begins when it ends.
She got cuter with each drink.
She never really called me Daddy.
Finding out your god's a fraud.
Facebook chat: "Love you" "Seen 19:37"
Possible! And they said timetravel isn't
For sale: clown shoes, never worn.
Missed the last ship leaving Earth.
He worked there until he died.
"See you tomorrow". Two years ago.
Silly Adrian sticks aren't for kids
''Every day count'' - accountant love note
Upgrading bandwidth. Finally! HD porn streaming!!!
Totally comatose, but can hear everything.
I see ghost problems, and you....
"Witness Protection Program calling." "Too... late..."
Drunk, texting crushes. Please stop me.
"This world belongs to the dogs."
Flammable means the same as inflammable.
It turns out they were flammable.
Murder. I witnessed. But can't speak.
"Time traveling works..." he assured himself.
Cause of death: the premature autopsy
Cause of Death: A Premature Autopsy
The corpse continued laughing at me.
Funny girl creeps into his heart.
Relationships: a safe place to cry.
The time traveler descended into madness...
Her bullies mock her. She them.
"I believe in vampires at night."
The end. Two Words: "Not yet."
Baby for sale - not a parent.
You're still who I dream about.
Rolled a cigarette, smoked a cigarette.
Midnight strikes again. The curtains close.
Picnicking aliens forgot pets. Adam, Eve.
Goodbye kiss catastrophe. Late for work.
He made his own last meal.
She graduated. He left. Baby Melinda.
Finally rescued.....but what about Wilson!!!??
I finally deleted my OKCupid account
Living in Eden, harder than expected.
I hid my heart in nature.
And a smile like a simile...
Zelda is your...Is your....ugh.....
Durian Man: Fights crime. Smells funky.
Joins crowd. Facebook recieves cosmetic surgery.
Roommate finally gone; New incognito window.
"Missiles away!" "Direct hit, no effect!"
She still uses my Netflix account.
Forget, to sleep...................................Forgot to sleep.
I am not your father, son.
Nervously asked her out. Married her.
Surrounded by people, yet so lonely.
"White man seems nice. Will trade."
"C's get degrees!" Wasn't a C.
A new excuse for every bruise.
More distractions. He started over, again.
Don't worry, I finished her off
Happy Anniversary! Do you take cash?
Sea world killer kills, public shocked.
I came, they saw, we screamed.
Log: "Passed Slave Colony 2027, 'Earth.'"
She wasn't born with two legs.
Jack Black starred in every movie.
Shot for dead, she lay still
I think, therefore I am outshouted.
Foreign intervention. Democracy installed. Failed state.
"Should Scotland secede?" "No," they said.
I packed, I drove, I began.
"I'm sorry Dave, I can't do that"
I don't hear the end of
"Mars base impossible," says Moon barkeeper.
"Wanna play hookie today?" "Let's go."
William Wallace would be angry today.
Six word story!? It was terrible.
Progress was suppressed by the Superiors
get out me car, hi mum
I'm off to board a crash.
"Graduated College!" "Where?" "'University Of Phoenix."
"Graduated College!" "Where?" "University Of Pheonix."
Prison door opened; prisoner stays inside.
One way ticket to Mars, please.
"You Are Unbanned" - stupid mods... - Rebanned.
Talking saved our friendship. Ended marriage.
Blue and white facepaint, never used.
Robin rose handcuffed, "He needed killing."
Unleash Inner Subtext. Go Acronym! Yay!
All his poops were angry poops.
Suicide; the easy way, unless you live.
My hand outstretched, she steps away.
My great-grandmother picked cotton. Me, degrees.
I wrote too few words.
The policy didn't cover suicide attempts
He was in the placebo group.
One boy entered. One man left.
People: rich books, judged by covers.
Wherever he went, gremlins soon followed.
Look before you leap. Too late.
Sun blows Earth a hot kiss.
I used to believe in god
I'd talk, but i'm out of
Countless men. Parade. Shootings. Headlines. Shame.
Post-modern artist wrinkles nose: painting stinks.
We never knew he was sick.
To Mom: It got worse, sorry...
"It's not what it looks like!"
I was never worth your time.
Honey what,- LOOK AT THE ROAD!!
Empty vessel
"We found a tumor. My condolences."
Threw out baby; kept the bathwater.
Will she always be this useless?
Baby needs new home. Dumpster full.
It must have been a dream...
Wasn't speeding, still got pulled over
Skeletal, but not quite thin enough.
His last thought, they'll never know!
Heimliched choking inmate headed to execution.
"We're restructuring." "Exceptionally great idea, boss."
Death: wife present. Funeral: wife absent.
The son blew us hot kisses.
"Will the defendant, Superman, please rise?"
Not sorry; just bored and horny.
He taught himself how to shave.
On one knee, she said "maybe".
Remove girlfriends noose. Reduce, Reuse, Recycle.
Fell in love, inside a book.
Dinner was an unplanned 'Last Supper'.
Stared into death's eyes, found love.
And then he just railed her.
I will not be your sometimes.
Went in peace, left in cuffs.
Met her boyfriend, where's the plunger?
"This'll totally work, guys!" -- Gen. Custer
"Walking in straight lines feels linear."
My abuser banned violent video games.
She wore black and preferred vodka
Understanding why, she removed his head.
They have been subjugated behind screens
Met her parents, clogged their toilet.
A child's toy. Made by children.
We're married. Not to each other.
Dear Mom: It's not your fault.
I am not lost, but wandering.
She held firm, then let go.
Satan begs for forgiveness. Eternal silence.
He manipulated her emotions mechanically. Waiting.
The past doesn't judge.. You do.
Birth Certificate. Death Certificate. Same pen
Stared into death's soul, found love.
Fear finally reached Bob's alien part.
Dumpster full. No room for baby.
Dumpster's full. No room for baby.
She laid there drunk and pregnant.
Left where sign said "No Dumping".
The coroner snipped the wedding veil.
Lost: Can you find the way?
He introduced me to his demons.
Five shots in the back? Suicide!
Sin. Repent. Repeat. We burden ourselves.
"CHAAAAAARGE!" "But I'm a conscientious objector!"
My first own decision. To jump.
The sight of her hurt me.
On the outside, daredevil. Inside, suicidal
Colliding bullet. White light. I'm free.
I Learned To Deal With It
There were pants for everyone else.
Playing musical chairs by myself, again.
Her problems tumbled off the cliff.
Item Moved to Trash: "My Story"
Sad, beaten children. Neighbours watch silently.
Bright red, faded white, faded blue.
Nicolas Cage, my One True God.
Six words? I'm not that creative
Her voice... soothing, painful, agonizing, calming
"How much for just one bullet?"
Prison Escape or a Mime Convention
Son, infertility runs in my family.
Life support. Decision making. Flat line.
She wadded, I folded, it ended.
Industrial accident. Now his breasts glow.
Never a freeman; merely heavily discounted.
The following sentence has been written.
Like a library book, I'm due.
"I have terrible news. He survived."
I took about ten too many.
My heart stopped beating. I smiled.
"No haha, we met on tinder"
She only knows son in-game.
She said no, but didn't move
Alone, he wondered, "Who'll bury me?"
Comedian's suicide note: Life's a joke.
Close your eyes, pretend its home
My sisters absence lingered. Death unacknowledged.
I awoke. There's blood; not mine.
Princess exhausted; needs vacation. Calls dragon.
Friendliness. Politeness. Friendliness. Pity. Obliviousness. Loneliness.
I asked again. She said no.
Her To-Do list... only names
Washed down my antidepressants with beer.
Entropy reverses; "Let there be light!"
Mother and son, dead same day.
Immediately, he regretted deciding to jump.
"Blood? Tears?" "Look! It can talk!"
Oh no!
(Not a six word story) I'm almost afraid to submit anything
He's broken and flawed... yet loved.
It's not kidnapping. I'm your mother.
For sale: hipster music, never heard.
Birthday bike. Absentee parents. Shattered helmet.
Misery and trauma are making love.
Second Chances
Home alone, the music starts playing.
No one to claim the body.
Hard times. Bird baths fed people.
love that is, but cannot be.
Not even safe under the covers.
"She blew my mind" - Kurt Cobain
Ex-wife wants to see his son
I found myself in her soul.
He just wanted a doughnut, man.
New father wept, "Take me instead."
Take cover! He's got a camera!
Forever still, his paintings still move.
My executioner's eyes matched my father's.
"Nutjobs were right..." said prisoner 0274409
Words hurt; stab wounds more so.
Sleepovers, a suddenly very adult pastime.
I've lost love; belief lost me.
I'm still a lawman at heart.
Semicolons and commas; useful, yet unused.
Periods suck; semi-colons rock, commas help.
Can fly, but I stay motionless.
They heard singing in her coffin.
Just got my dad's ashes back.
Life is short. Death is forever.
Pandemic outbreak: Life Insurance stock skyrockets!
Bedtime. Check email. Curse the sunrise.
Wide road. Heavy traffic. Eager chicken.
i was smart. now im happy.
Why would rhetorical questions get upvotes?
The reports are confirmed, Mr. President.
"Hello, Mr. Smith." -- "Doctor, It's 'Mrs.'"
The story rewritten, hero became villain.
Why not kill? Death's inevitable, anyway...
Loved music... till I was signed.
Egotists meet: I for an I
block the memories mostly. except today
Google's "Happy Birthday" feels wrong today.
I took one too many pills.
You're my six minute cigarette break
My last piss. Who would've known?
I don't remember her face anymore.
Beer helps me love you less.
Where's your God now?? [ thunder crashes]
You Are Such A Beautiful Soul
What is life? Well, not much.
Too many walls, not enough bridges.
evolution triggered by ancient supernova ejecta
Stoop Kid: afraid to leave stoop
Will Power is a weak man.
When the aliens came. Rated X.
Found love. Serial killer membership revoked.
My heroin purchased, it's tie-die time.
Wasn't there a corpse over there?
No, not the big red button!!
Names didn't used to be numbers.
I should ride my bike more...
Only the guilty protect the innocent.
I couldn't find the right Emoji.
Sat outside during a storm, contemplating.
Our only commonality was our past.
Smart watch, or house arrest bracelet?
Die, loving her? Live, fearing them?
Her presence soothed my inner mayhem
Once we were soldiers without kills
Saved, she watched her daughter fall.
Time ticks away; I chase blindly.
How'd you two meet? Accidental sext.
Saved, she watched her son fall.
"Pregnant". I didn't mention my sterility.
No cure when craving the ailment.
Hard to hear 'boyfriend', without smiling.
My synapses lead only to you.
The glitter has stained my soul.
Picked up Destiny. PS4 stops working.
Bored kids make the best soldiers.
Poisoned arrow. Cupid's bow. Wedding tomorrow.
Killing myself did not save me.
Bloodied, "...it's done." "Congrats, you win."
If everyone has herpes, no-one does.
Raped kids? Who cares?! Bowl eligible!
God does exist... he's fucking laughing...
Your familiar face, again a stranger's
So, he was a fat cannibal.
Hakuna matata. What a wonderful phrase.
A dirty coat as a blanket.
Her life was their inside joke.
Another drink finished. Another memory numbed.
Grandma, please remember who I am.
Camps too full. Culling has started.
"You know I'm innocent... Right? Dad?"
Promised 'Til death'. Hearts, though, drift.
You inject my veins with poison.
Santa tiredly sat down, "I'm done."
Thought he could hold on longer.
Monday to Friday
This is harder than it sounds.
Dad's sleeping with my ethics teacher.
Asphyxiating, realized "that" wasn't a doll.
I turned around but you were
Prisoner's last meal: Weight Watchers veggies
His heart stopped when hers did.
"When You Stopped Caring... I didn't"
Having trouble finding Love: Help me.
I've changed, trust me.
It's okay, I'm used to it.
"Oh my God!" the atheist screamed.
You will always feel like home.
Insurance, lifetime? A year? Don't care.
Movie. Dinner. Drawer. Apartment. Hospital. Home.
Our lives, delightfully, we walked together.
I really tried. He still jumped.
You'll replace me. Everyone always does.
Unloved, I lay beside him wondering...
Why doesn't my shadow move anymore?
Loving you is still a secret.
Submit a link. Pour heart. Cancel.
"I love you so much." "Que?"
No friends, audience members and rivals
Fido didn't understand. Everyone was sad.
Nobody in my life at all
Coughed and farted. First date over.
Three years. Moved apart. Two weeks.
My friend though my worst times.
I can't fulfill his every wish.
Sorry.
Its sinful to tame wild hearts.
Married my love... to her husband
I am going to die today.
Bathtub, Hairdryer, a Letter to Mom.
Bag on head, microphone in hand.
Equipped helm. Recharged buffs. Owned prom.
It was "us", now it's "them".
No dinner again. Mommy bought sunglasses.
Shined shoes discarded on the bridge.
I'm new here. Please be gentle.
I had the abortion. I'm sorry.
True hermit perpetually feels at home.
"He's behind you" my son said.
God exists. Doesn't care about us.
I'm prone to fits of apathy.
I am tired of you, honey.
Kurt Cobain
He smiled like I used to.
Sundae bought. Sundae Eaten. Sunday Diarrhea.
Authenticity: no hype needed or wanted.
Now available on motorcycles, ejection seats.
Better drive faster, because they can't.
Went inside tunnel, never came out.
Baby born with hypnotic purple eyes
"Maybe the 11th time's a charm"...
She cried but no one heard.
Looked up; My dad said hi.
I held her one last time.
Betrayed by you, broken heart forever
Stranded. Wishing for first world problems.
Ask for forgiveness, not for permission.
"The baby would have been your's..."
"Don't Make Mistakes!" he said, mistakenly.
"Feeling it yet?" asked the toaster.
For sale: Gorgeous pool, house attached.
CIA: Black highlighters are highlighters too.
Machines became moral and condemned us.
Lonely Grave: "Make Time to Love"
Went back in time. Suicide.
"Let's be friends," the AI lied.
I'm living my dream... Spare $20?
We only said goodbye with words.
He only bought what was free.
1
I don't remember how to live.
Silence breaks down into small cries.
Pleasant-tongued religious zealot doesn't believe himself.
The one man band broke up.
The invisible kid, ignored by Parents.
Bloodied and bruised I kept running
"Just be yourself" - Advised the Transsexual
To feel is the most underrated.
Male panda eats shoots and leaves
He kept distracted to stay happy.
SETI ALARMS FIRE, NO HUMANS HEAR
Stop looking at me like that!
My friends: incompatible people, endlessly dating.
Our search for another earth failed.
Mom was smiling at Dad's funeral.
You'll give me what you promised??
Heart not slightly bent. Quite broken.
"That day, IS ceased to be."
"Won" something on Internet, not surprised.
"Those aren't my hands." She said
Met my ex wife on tinder
Seconds tick by; afraid to sleep.
The Apocalypse? Now? I don't think
Alien movies
The disaster created many new cemetery's.
Bob's RFID has several input sources.
"Dj vu," they all thought simultaneously.
I met God; she wasn't thrilled
Everything I say is a lie.
China Invades Siberia; Russia joins NATO.
Girl cries alone; Photos reached internet.
"Farewell to all my greatness"... [gunshot]
The congressman, a sociopath, smiled helpfully.
BREAKING NEWS: Science disproves God's existence
Axe in hands, blood on face.
La La Land is my reality
A whisper; "Don't look behind you."
Our family. We huddled. We endured.
Today, we walked across campus together :)
She just lost the will.
Who is that at the window?
In the hot night, cool jazz.
What's my plan? I'm the Doctor.
And with them, his eyes died.
"I'm happy now" said the pills
Toys ceded, piece picked, manhood entered.
Asked for cigarettes, empty ashtray.
Why does that coffin have locks?
Awoke, saw me, smiled, then died.
Not alone
Diamonds
Her soft voice tickled my brain
Oedipus complex: kid tested, mother approved.
Tears, then blood, mix with water.
Aliens happy for not being alone.
Werewolf Obama: "We bite some folks."
For now... she smiles with me.
"I don't lie" he said, lying.
Physician Assisted Suicide Application: Processed successfully!
Another holiday spent at the cemetery
Phone battery died...where am I?
That's right. Five words, motherfucker.
Phone battery died. Where am I?
"I am a self-harming diabetic."
Found God, but forgot my wallet.
"Veni, vidi, vici" - Three word story.
Green goo, board game...I smile again.
For sale: baby shoes, never worn
Look out! He's got a gun!
Only his foolish dog loved him.
Fuck you all, I'm using seven words.
Hospital teddy bear loses little buddy.
In faded permanent marker, "Love you!"
Human civilization has destroyed itself. Again.
The last freedom, extinguished with applause.
"I want to kill your brain!"
"Where do you think we are?"
"Want some more?" asked the cannibal
We voted regularly. It mattered little.
Not a fart. New pants, please.
Everyone persisted unaware of their addictions.
...and then the world was emptier.
Help me get these bodies buried.
Humans: "Love everything? Riiiight. Got it."
Bob's last testicle began to swell.
Red waves. Earth, the brightest star.
Time travelers started World War Two
"I'm gonna cum." said the mortician
Family's barbecue cancelled. Today dad's funeral.
"The Illuminati doesn't exist" -Illuminati PR
Seven years celebrated. Four words said.
Damn DRM! Prosthetic failed. No internet.
God answered Man, solving precisely nothing.
Surrounded by people, yet so alone.
Mom's not down this aisle either...
Falling in love causes unfortunate paralysis.
She was nine. It said positive.
I'm surround by people, yet alone.
Opened the door, dropped my groceries.
Left hanging there. Cabbage patch lynching.
Life's OC treated as a repost.
Attempted incarceration of first black president.
One by one, man became immortal.
Sadness does not require an ambulance.
Satan: Who prays for MY mistakes....
War ended. Along with everything else.
Chipped humans marched, mindlessly, off skyscrapers.
Release the sun. Let it rise.
How about I not live here
Cloned self. Phoned self. Boned self.
Even a permanent marker fades, eventually.
Aliens: "Plant fibers are worth lives?"
Another Friday night. Alone. Eating ramen.
I can quit whenever I want.
My sixwordstory
We are pure, they were weak.
Everyone here thinks I am normal.
You're fine, but the donor died.
Robin Williams here! Haha, not really.
I've never played a video game.
Walked alone until I found myself
Cool, calm, and collecting my nerve.
Silent because, "I'm not a statistic!"
We're too good for each other.
He couldn't stop me from jumping.
Watched bullets, not birds, fly overhead.
He died in his mansion, alone.
I just can't write six word stories
He never followed basic rules.
I told him not to jump.
I've missed you since the funeral.
For sale: baby shoes, brand new:(
Shit, so that's how you dougie?
guy in dog in bitch's Inn
[sigh] I found out by text
"Marry me?" ...The table went silent.
Sit down. We need to talk.
"For the greater good", he commanded
Comfort comes, from thin crimson lines.
"Sorry... didn't know you were black."
That period killed her story abruptly.
Ritualistic suicide brought him to life.
I fall but still must rise
We fucked. And then she left.
Lone wolf. A couple. Three miles.
Congratulations, it's time to repopulate earth...
You can't hurt a fallen angel.
"Hi I'm- " -- "Oh no she di'int."
Seconds, minutes, hours. They nest nicely.
He died like he lived: pointlessly.
I have to keep counting words.
Born. Went to Sea World. Died.
Wedding night diary entry: "I settled."
They choose today to attack us
Guiltily searched for her friends number.
She put his heart back together.
I can't afford another sex change.
Revenge was terrible, and quite delicious.
"Are you sure those are dolphins?"
Buried alive with rats. They're gnawing.
Guiltily avoided friend. Forgot his name.
He finally spoke. "What did you..."
I posted and karma was mine
"I'm engaged!" (I miss having friends...)
The president's dead. It's a suicide.
Her last words, "I'm going first."
"...' wasn't man enough for her woman."
"Phospholipid bilayer? I invented that" -God
It was not the red wire.
Love is two divided by nothing
Helped him, not myself, be successful.
He has a peanut allergy? Oops!
screams into this abyss are echoless
screams into this abyss are echoless.
Click. Click. Click. Bang... Click. Click.
Click. Click. Click. Click. Click. Bang.
"Oh God, that was my sister??"
"Where to next?" "How bout Earth."
She walked into the door, ouch
Life stopped when the beeping did.
"GUYS! I got this." He didn't.
"World War III, powered by Google."
She spoke French. So, I learned.
It wasn't make-up at all.
"Do you trust me?" "Not anymore."
I still sleep on my side
One more bite before I diet
I changed my mind while falling.
Walked into the bedroom; single bed.
She's gone, but her hair remains.
Hearts and minds were not secured
Revenge didn't goes quite as planned.
I've written enough poetry about that.
Five went out. Four came back
Kleptomaniac: Can taking something cure me?
But then her wig fell off.
Capitalism: please insert coin to continue.
The vampire eyed the stake suspiciously.
Mankind.End ... Mankind refuses to end
Pedophiles... fucking immature assholes and pussies.
Something heavenly led me to you.
Her once warm home felt empty.
She was late. I was confused.
Empty pet carrier on the median.
But I'm glad that we talked.
Nature, Science love you long time.
I'll kill myself, or die trying.
"Does Hell have a smoking section?"
"why aren't you wearing your armour?"
Found her in a smokey bar.
There's someone outside. Close your eyes.
Hey, um, yeah, okay, never mind.
"Mr. President, we must nuke Beiruit."
Her crying sounded better this time.
Today: Decided to be extra cute.
Hated by nobody, loved by nobody
ISIS re-uploaded the Obama beheading video.
Only half the bed was warm.
"Daddy why are you hurting Mommy"
My smile hides the true demons.
Kitties hate the ice bucket challenge.
Never grow up in a hurry.
"Would you like some fruit, Adam?"
This time is the last time.
God, tell him we miss him.
Gave his heart, needed his kidney.
Taking heads only reinforces our minds
"I can't see," said the pilot.
His last meal was the child.
"Yellow tape, mommy. Around our playground."
The chimpanzee signed clumsily, "I think."
His clothes were outside on fire.
Thanks for feeding me that day.
She missed him; then she reloaded.
"Who murders children?!" "A sad clown."
"We can't help you anymore Sir."
She mourns the life she wanted.
You can't miss what you forget.
I Need You To Wake Up.
Now, even her touch is anonymous
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo.
T.H.C., L.S.D., D.U.I., C.P.R., D.O.A., R.I.P
"Will I be ok mom?" "....no..."
She won't stop, short story long.
My fifteen minutes lasted fifteen seconds...
Mom, please get off the bar!
What do I do from here?
"Bachelor party. Youtube video. Wedding canceled."
Doctors, then morticians, bandage bleeding Pharaoh
My life's amazing, I'm just sad
hemingway-ish
"No guns. We're broke, not criminals."
Follow the ashes; Avenge your father.
Breakup.
Doctors, then morticians, bandage bleeding Pharaoh.
Taking death in each other's hands...
Painfully, he changed is to was.
He used her fat for cooking.
The freezing sidewalk kept me up
Beauty is always a liposuction away.
They had to mop me up.
To begin with, nobody liked Feldman.
She would have been four today.
Calendar app--dad's birthday. End repeat.
Olympic stadiums worldwide now house dissidents.
Santa: "Factory conditions are good." "Liar!"
"What if..." "...you'd just kiss me?"
Divorce: Mom cheated. Dad got fucked.
The worlds dying, but Robin Williams?
Got rufied at a Buffett concert
The obituaries trumpeted my demise. Again.
I lost myself in the search.
He cried and said, "Dat Ass."
Dead fingers grasped "easy open" container.
But why did this happen, again.
Finally, a light in the tunnel.
Police brutalize. Protestors materialize. Police militarize.
Interview: survived car crash when baby.
6 feet seperate us. So far.
Batteries dead. The cars getting colder.
"Mr. President, the shareholders are waiting."
Torpedoed. A loud sea of corpses.
I can't stay...I can't leave?
She stole my heart . . . and wallet.
Change your sails, not the wind.
They played Twister. He played dead.
How're you reading? Books are banned!
The rope broke. Try again tomorrow.
She pissed away that donated kidney
Thanksgiving. Hungry family. Broken stove. "Pizza?"
There was nothing left to seize.
"You love him more than me."
Monsters under the bed. Confirmed paranoia.
Unintended offended fan, long story short.
Delicious meal! Do I smell... Almonds?
I'm a nice guy, when sober.
Christening cancelled. Funeral Saturday at 12.
Found chains on wall in basement
"Tim, it's mom. Rufus got knocked."
"You're great! ... but in this economy."
Only the dog mourned his death.
Panting, running. Closed door. Too late.
"Who makes you laugh?" "My Ex"
The End
My Imagination's tempting, I've given in.
New life was started for me.
A random gal in poor disguise
Fuse burning, explosion imminent; he leapt.
Bang. Big fucking mess. Existence everywhere.
"Who am I?" "Who is asking?"
The psychiatrist's blinds triggered the horn.
Grandpa was sick, he`s not anymore.
"Rest in peace, my darling."  Seen
"Did you say something?" "Oh, nothing.."
Don't forget your fava beans, Doctor.
A rhyme of bullets tat-tatted him.
Another murder. This time, our suspect.
This story's twist ending is about
Good stories need villains. She's mine.
"You're not real!" screamed the priest.
"Bullet in, problems out," he thought.
"Shut up. You are not real."
"A secret? Like mine and uncle's?"
"... and I saw her in Tinder."
"That's a pretty tentacle, Mister Hitchhiker."
Rain falls endlessly. Rainbows nobody sees.
Redundant: Process automated. My 'improvements': pointless
"But I just saw you downstai-"
I never deserved you. I'm sorry.
Luke, I'm not your biological father.
Shark Week or Blair Fish Project?
Too many puns, not stories? Discuss.
Forgotten
"Because you didn't inspire my love."
Signals sent. Signals returned. What next?
Won Gift Card. Got Employee Fired
"I think I might pass oouuuuuuuuuuuiiiiiiiiiiiiiii..."
"Unicorns don't exist.", the horse whispered.
Caught. Damn. Think. "I'm a day-vegetarian?"
Parents teach lessons acknowledged too late.
His resignation omitted the Pinkerton report.
Mom called... He broke her hip.
Eat Donuts: so soft, so filthy.
We are one...except that one.
"Fuck your fascist rules!" said the anarchist.
Left med school. Now a patient.
My death is also my birth.
Real eyes realized real lies,again.
I heard her during the funeral.
Too long on reddit: fails A-Levels.
The question mark doesn't belong here.
posted in /r/notinteresting (x-post from /r/funny)
He hid himself and she missed.
Doctor Millipede, your new catbug hatched.
It was their last first kiss.
Fresh footprints found in sealed tomb.
Dali ate bowls of surreal for breakfast
New city. Second controller gathers dust.
Her geography unfortunately determined her politics.
An archaeologist's career ended in ruins.
However, I could not stop time.
Every imaginary world was quietly invaded.
"Sorry, George", Grandma said to Tom.
"This burger's great!" Burger bit back.
Yum.
One broken promise, many broken hearts.
I only saw her once, ever
Six days before his sixtieth. Gone.
Stabbing, slicing, blood dripping. "Steaks ready."
They lied: the last drop's worst.
She's beautiful. Love at first sight!
The comedian couldn't see the laughter.
Her breathing finally stopped. Number 7.
Lets protest violence with more violence.
Grass is greener on this side.
Don't get out of bed today.
I liked science, she preferred Vogue.
Just remember. This too is temporary.
iDaVinci replaced the last human profession
The window opened; so many choices.
"But what if--" "Let's just try."
Sighing darkly he sipped the glass
After he starved, wild animals feasted.
Time appears to be rewinding rewinding
Suicide ended his problems, not theirs.
Sale: Golfer shirts, hole in one
The nations fought for the moon.
I found him
We regret to inform you that...
Amputee has a secondhand second hand.
I thought I'd wake up happy.
I can still taste... her smell
My mother didn't come home today.
Horizontal Tango? What does that... Oh.
Her footprints led to still water.
My happiness is only a facade.
Everyone has bad days. Even God.
"What silly feet," thought Cinderella sadly.
She cried as their lips met
Unused Wedding Dress. No longer required.
Ex-girlfriend next turn at speed dating.
All That's Left is Our Memories.
Was man! Dragon man? Just dragon?
I wish I knew your name.
The general is crying. Better worry.
Today, I found her not alone.
The egg didn't get the yolk
The whole world stopped for you.
They...they told me you died.
The President cries himself to sleep.
Strange...the pillow is still warm.
But doctor, I am Pagliacci. Curtains.
She warned him about grand gestures.
Dog punt caught by angel arms.
Dad forgets birthdays. I 'forget' too.
Living endless lives, they forgot wonder.
But doctor, I am pagliacchi. Curtains.
The Universe spoke, "I end tomorrow."
"So, we cool?" Said the fridge.
The Genie is out his bottle
On the deck, my captain lies.
So? I'll make my own fun.
Love: Only a mouse click away.
True genius emerges from dark places
First day 10 rounds Guilty Conscince
Robin Williams... it wasn't your fault.
"Antiquities Museum Acquires Genuine Metal Wire!"
... and love was devoured by fear.
Shallow grave. Body found. Serving time.
Mom, my arms are broken. Help.
Took my bike to the DMV
Protip: never grab a falling knife
Boy. Girl. Friends. More. Acceptance. Love.
Sadly, firefighters can't save imaginary friends.
I kissed her cold lips, "Soon."
The city was, as usual, deserted.
Maybe earth is another planet's hell.
Radio yelped, "We fight!" Mother cries.
Selling: cremated remains. New with tags.
She gathered branches. Sleep was warm.
I leave this for you. Bastard!
Pregnant. Baby son her brother. Abortion.
I have to settle for reality
Pregnant. Baby sister inside her. Raped.
Quick, before my buzz wears off.
"Maybe you're agnostic?" "I don't know..."
"I did not consent," she lied.
Grandma did a keg stand, again.
After everyone died, immortality became lonely.
"Thank you," Mary said to Booth.
'Differently alive' perplexed; seeking fresh minds.
Flew happily. Crashed greatly. Mission accomplished.
You are only mine part time
"Lower the casket!," cried Death, excitedly.
They got divorced. Swords were involved.
"Dying really rich means something, right?"
"Dying rich means something, right?"
She drowned her baby in love.
An essay on motivation: Still unfinished
Mum resents Dad. Reminds him daily.
I made love, she had sex.
First "face" newborns see... drone doctor.
Once lovers. Now unhappy parents, trying.
A Six Word Haiku; Unsatisfactorily; Qualification
Submerged. One daughter's seatbelt is stuck.
Now I am; I wasn't then.
UN sanctions on US cripple economy.
He left me, and I flourished
Before it's too late, I love...
Costumeless, he still scared on Halloween.
Oxycodon is a helluva drug. Percocet
Kills mother. Kills father. First steps.
Quality Assurance Engineer. Software tested me.
Baby refused to wear her shoes.
"I hope I pass the Turing Test.."
Her Caesar sees her seizure cease.
He killed all in his career.
Notes are colors that I paint.
Teenage romance ends happily for tissue-makers.
Never the bridesmaid, never the bride.
I tripped; and He caught me.
"I sure do regret wearing pants."
Silence: Once sweet, Now bitter
Beat cancer. But not my demons.
he found love, at her funeral.
She got pregnant, I was infertile.
Tapping my back gently, scaly CLAWS.
Fuckity fuckers fuckingly fucked fuckable fucktards.
A 2000 year old Y chromosome?
Out drinking. Good time. Friend died.
Undertaker forced to take wife home.
Ran into small keg. Micro bruise.
Her orgasm rocked both our worlds!
It will never happen again. Promise.
Israel unleashes atomic fire on Hamas.
Can I do blackface for that?
Plagiarism: a new word I invented
"Jsut raed it'" tehy siad, usahmilynttplacy
Nothing's amoral but everything is sin.
"Absolve yourselves," said Jesus, fleeing Golgotha.
Superposition
Rain falls ceaselessly. Nobody, ever, sees.
Fuck the remote, just get up!
Here's some advice. Don't give advice.
...HOUSTON?!?! We've lost contact with Earth.
WHO KEEPS HIDING THE REMOTE CONTROL!?
Shallow grave dug. She fits well.
My eerily laconic stalker says little.
This subreddit should be renamed "sixwordsentences".
Live my life, then judge me.
They wakeup holding hands, with rings.
Forecast: Partly clouded with meteor showers.
Six Words. That's all it takes.
Help me! I don't want to~
Please hold on a little longer.
Wait...SATAN was the good guy?
They gave us names, not numbers.
"Who or what is 'Mr. President?'"
His last meal was a bullet
Wikipedia edit: humans are endangered not extinct
A pissing match made in heaven.
He found true love, she didn't.
Fire is the Devil's only friend.
Playground bully. Unexpected courage. Possessions retained.
Thought I could fly. Confidence dropping.
She ate her own fat instead.
Three years after birth, he hears.
Middleman here. How can I 'help?'
Logged out. Pulled plug. Found life.
Just married - forty years, still excited.
Turns out reddit's r/funny just ... Isn't
Those words echoed "saved data lost"
Shitty cards. Bluff your way out.
I waited. Train arrived. Life departed.
Spiders hatch. Man gets sudden headache.
...all the dispatcher heard was dialtone.
Man, my penis was mistakenly amputated.
Day 412: She still hasn't responded.
Why would one wander without wonder?
"Pool's closed"; silent pooper struck again
Six word story authors, "Write on!"
"Maybe I'm depressed." She said, smiling.
"I'm ending it all," Sue sighed.
Crush. Love. Marriage. Drugs. Alcohol. Widow.
Always Alone, But Not For Long
"Doctor, everything looks shattered!" cried Picasso.
"There's a mass on your heart."
No. But tonight we can pretend.
French guns. For sale. Never fired.
Black man irradiated; grows fourth leg.
The weekend recluse bravely stepped outside.
u wot m8, il kill u.
Daddy bought beer. Mommy needs stitches.
Lonely. Words. Separated. By. Lonely. Points.
She handed him a condom, used.
Self-Driving Cars + Prostitutes = Happy Taxis
"Wish I could..." the note said.
UPDATE: Kitten Survives Lighting [8] Times.
First Mom. Then Dad. Now me.
Some things lost can't be replaced
The freedom was better than breathing
I did it, the innocent confessed.
"dont be so judgmental!" - judgmental cunts
"Yes, I am guilty", he confessed.
I let him in. He's lying.
Day 3652: Leave prison, focussed, prepared.
Someone dies, sadly. Six word story!
Last diary entry: "I hear singing"
Just ahead, your future will begin.
There aren't many obese old people.
Mid-life crisis, ten and a half.
Daddy, why are you leaving again?
For Sale: Baby Shoes. Never Worn
If it is positive, then yes.
Then, nobody cried at her funeral.
My laptop is sentient. Dear God.
This test proves you're a robot
Nothing but Passion, Keep it Going.
Kiss kiss, bang bang, new wife.
"Your cat is dead," I observed.
Nine months later, we were happy.
Dogs, constant companions, till they die.
I guess that's the end then...
Pop Six Squish Uh-uh Cicero Lipschitz
Just like that, it was unlocked.
One day, one day... No more.
motionless
Even with a megaphone, I'm voiceless.
Wait, we're fine(!) or we're "fine"?
Six words?
Jerusalem fell like Samson: taking everybody
It feels like I'm fading away.
Sad face, happy face, sad face.
You tried to love me, right?
Her love trumps the needle's warmth.
Dad left, a flag came back.
Damn, we could've been in love.
Came for sex. Stayed for more.
Found crematorium tag in morning oatmeal.
He craved for that fleeting glimpse.
Twenty years. A tattered letter arrives.
He avoided clichs, like the plague.
"Humans? I thought they were gone.."
Shoot me? You don't have the
She's my sister AND my daughter.
He's a nice asshole, he cares.
Few beers. One car. 2 deaths.
I'm unsubscribing. Forced, sad, repetitive stories.
I've survived this long. I'm weightless.
We're only in love when drunk.
"All my prior statements are false."
Always a bridesmaid, never a bride.
Jurisprudence fetishist gets off on technicalities.
Breaking News: Break-in at news stati-
Rejoice human, while you still can!
Her power emanates from the inside.
Mommy? "Yes?" Where did Daddy go?
His equal? None is, except himself.
Wasted my time with that girl...
Over her? Maybe, but still lonely.
I'm just invisible! Don't bury me!
First Contact failed. Prepare for war.
"It's a boy!" ... "No, girl!" ... "Both!"
Jesus has returned. In an asylum.
Four foot box. Foot per year.
Even my grandmother says "Google it."
God, please.. give me another sign.
'Swear to drunk I'm not God!
Still in love, she never was.
'For sale: unused coffin (long story).'
r/sixwordstories: Melancholy redditors submit depressing stories
Two worlds, two peoples, one handshake
Their "mistake" became their greatest achievement
Her words pierced like a knife
Forever... If only in my dreams
Six word story phobias are AAAAAHHHHH
ME
He looked down and saw blood.
Cigarettes seemed harmless; so did you.
I'm leaving this subreddit; too depressing
Hell is when we forget you.
I'm so sorry everyone, wedding's cancelled.
Was it really that difficult, Zachary?
Why are these stories always depressing?
Just six words, so much sadness.
"Hodor?" - "Yarp." - "Pikachu!" - "... I am Groot."
I'm too old for young love.
You pretended to care, but didn't.
Humanity wonders what's outside of Madagascar.
Drunken kitten chases a stoned butterfly
What's the point in getting up?
"Mummy, Daddy's climbed out the ground..."
I looked back, she kept walking
Well dressed for my own funeral.
The dentist's daughter doesn't floss either.
She'dn't've loved you if you hadn't.
When it rings, will you answer?
Mistress's house key, blunt from use.
You're divorcing? Say, what's her number?
My life, the cosmic spelling error.
"Hello." But her eyes said goodbye.
Pile of coins drove me insane
"Worldstar! Worldstar! Worldstar", chanted the crowd .
Damn, you guys are really depressing.
Our business model: Swindle the rich
"Please don't shoot me. I'm pregnant."
Famous Frank's dogs exasperated my defenses
'Six words?' said Hemingway, 'That's impossible.'
I had to kill once again.
Chocolate doesn't ask questions. Chocolate understands.
Shot intruder. Forgot it was Christmas
*CRASH* ... "Let me call you back."
"He's my son, too," cried Mary.
Wanted: 3 shovels Needed: New Friends
Saw mailman doing pushups on mommy.
Weaponized rabbit poo powers doomsday flamethrower
No I can't make it stop
"20 kiloton?" "Yeah. Didn't get us."
Woke up hours after my funeral.
I'm finally going to see her.
I hope they never find me
Three little graves. Lightning struck thrice.
Boy sees overturned turtle, keeps walking.
He will forever be twenty-three.
She completed his bucket list posthumously
Babe, could you grab a beer?
King grants himself amnesty from patricide
No one questioned the President's alibi.
He died as he lived. Loved.
For sale: short story, never published.
Fuck this noise, I'm going home.
BREAKING: 120,000 terrorists converge on Washington.
She lost the love I gained.
"What happened to your nose?" "Karaoke."
The voices are back. Don't sleep......
Chefs
The free weren't meant to be.
Farewell my youth. Hello crushing adulthood.
No new messages. Another week passes.
I wish I'd stop missing you.
His condition is stable: still dead
Mother meets son; Son meets stranger.
"Honey, hope we aren't girls in heaven......."
I have never been to Denmark.
Please exist. I need your help.
Over-medicated. Memory fuzzy, leftovers too.
Wanted: Lion Feeder. No experience necessary.
Her depression had finally outlived her.
Her last words: "I need you"
Debilitating serenity follows an empty syringe.
Ocean was deep... Six feet deep...
Woke from a nightmare. Its real.
Gone outside for the last time.
Love is blind. Her dog isn't.
Went to the funeral, then coronation.
And she's still waving me goodbye.
The war ended. The guilt didn't.
Dementia
Hells' appeal is to rule there.
"NOOOOO, NO NO NO, NOOOOOOOOO." "yes."
For Sale: wheelchair, cane, and slippers,
I can't do anything right.
Went to my funeral, nobody came.
Got engaged. Ex found out. Disaster.
Anticipation Simulator 2015 delayed until 2016
In Search of: Headstone - child size.
A child died. Six words. Profit.
"Technology is real," gasped the elf.
Motive, opportunity, where's the body? WHERE?!
Machines gain sentience; man found obsolete.
Bought two tickets. Went alone. Again.
I was born, now I died.
Hold your breath! Everything is patented.
His handwriting makes me feel illiterate.
Condolences for the loss of words
"It won't happen to me," Says everybody.
Keyboard, monitor, you are the meanest.
"Vacation" - he bought a one-way ticket
Forever stole away on a Tuesday.
Family dinner eaten alone yet again
I lived, I died. Now what?
Fled Gomorrah. Looked back. Worth it.
"How's the new job?" "Minecraft lied."
Ice cream can't stop the tears.
Couldn't pay for exorcism; got repossessed
Failing chemistry student accidenly cures cancer
I'm living for my dying wish.
They're bombing us! I'm sorry, I'm
3 little words........ "But, I don't"
My wife's pregnant, support or abort?
What remains: "I'll be home tomorrow."
The ancient corpse was a chrysalis!
"Free Tibet!" sticker, made in China.
Batman catches Joker; 52 killed again.
Obama, gagged, watched himself on TV.
No, grandma, dad died last year.
"Admitting you need help is hard."
My honeymoon was Harry Potter focused
"You a dad?" Silence. Sobs. "No."
My happiness is a dull ache.
Gay pedophiles are fucking immature assholes.
"I dislike swimming pools." ~ Marco Polo
Last words: "look mom, no hands!"
What's this, a story for ants?
She held her last teddy bear
Nein nein nein nein nein nein!
Her teddy bear, never held again
Subreddit turns to gimmicks for upvotes.
Now Hiring: People smarter than you.
She nagged. He procrastinated. Brakes failed.
5 dead, 13 injured, billions desensitized
The eternal torment of "what if?"
He procrastinated. The brakes failed.
She can't even remember her name
Con kills deceitful partner, "my nature."
I only remembered her bloody nose.
His problems return like resurfacing corpses.
My birth. When the nightmares began.
"I'm the clone." "No, I am."
Blood stains, bleach, primer, paint. Scars.
5 Billion years left to suntan
'What is madness?' said the mirror.
Mother died today. Or yesterday, maybe.
I wrote a story on acid...
The camera flash, caused instant regret.
It turns out I wasn't God.
In a dark room, alone, forever
Happy butterfly lands on altcode3's nose.
Swear I'll start my novel tomorrow.
/r/sixwordstories chill it with the dark shit
"I love you, Pull the Plug."
My feelings cant swim in alcohol
Wonder if I'll see him again...
his screams was not that bad.
The books rebelled against the librarian
  trust    the government,      everything   is      fine  .
Hopeful sower and the Grim Reaper
Mistress's phone number listed as "Grandma"
Waste
The Tsar has fallen, new system.
Loss deity. Gained apathy. Remains alive.
Johnny wished that nothing ever ended
Ate subway today, it was good
Fidelity, Bravery, Integrity. In that order?
They begged him. He said, "Nein".
"Honey? What's wrong?" "I was pregnant."
His touch is merely a memory...
'Water is not a social right."
A photo album full of regrets
I wasn't ready to say goodbye.
Schizophrenia? No! His hearing aid's malfunctioning!
Another haiku / Using rather minimal / Vocabulary
Startled. Sound. Light. Rumble. Pain. Train.
Oh god, there are pandas everywhere!!
"What if I die?" ... "What if?"
For Sale: Baby, never wears shoes.
Funeral Birthday Party, Grandpa Made It
World War III was streamed live.
The burnt popcorn smelled for days.
I would have done the same.
I swear the walls are moving.
Hair devil: the man without beard.
They aren't taking me seriously, escalate.
My life story was six words.
Rebel without a cause
"Rent one? You can't rent bullets."
Love reclassified addiction.First treatments successful.
Neil Armstrong, "We weren't the first"
Five Point Palm Exploding Heart Technique
After that, he learned to fight.
I wasn't the one for her...
Beating heart for a Purple Heart.
"Go ahead, make my day, drone - "
Six Word Story
Everything will be alright, I suppose.
She left emotionally long before packing.
I recently learned love *is* conditional.
...and it read: "front towards enemy"
We didn't know until stage 4.
With solipsistic bipolarity, we'll do everything!
Bob's part? Remains in space forever.
With the gimple, all normalcy evaporated.
After bloodshed, Rightful king mutters..."Hodor"
Last words that no one heard
Universe's edge found. It's a mirror.
I've given up on missing you.
She didn't recognize her own children.
Reality is another planets video game.
His only words: "Now we're even."
Beep beep, beep beep, beep beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee-
I don't ask the ghosts questions
Don't always never not be confusing.
He creeps. I weep to sleep.
She said I had stopped trying.
Rejected again, for the last time.
lock the door; before we leave.
That was before the eternal snow.
Without love...she bled him dry.
Whiskey quells a missed chance's misery.
God made Earth. Forgot about it.
Lower your standards and try again.
For Sale: Oven. Contact Ted Hughes
Zodiac mystery finally solved. Everybody panics.
This is called shotgunning for karma.
Flames devoured the dull November sky.
What is dead may never die.
My first wish? Hmm... Exterminate humankind.
Dad marked the door until 4'10".
Couldn't afford an ambulance. Sorry mom.
He couldn't afford medication. No funeral.
Fought when he should have ran.
YOU SHALL NOT PASS! $5 toll.
The past learned to repeat itself.
I am- You killed my- Thanks.
"Tacky, Weird Al?" Pharrell wasn't happy.
Our baby just has big feet.
...teen mom....jerry springer...presidential debates
Today, like yesterday; I'll try again.
Distant past approached, corralled the future.
Her heart: honeycombed with the past.
Learning, they found knowledge is worthless.
Radioactive spider bites Al Qaeda member
Eyes said "no." Pepperspray did too.
Cool breeze, scent of trees, ease.
Apologizing to the corpse seemed pointless.
But he was there last night...
They rioted when they saw her.
Fatal crash, remains found, not human.
He made abuse feel so good.
PS: I'm not returning your records.
It's a good day to die.
What does his teasing mean? #boyproblems
I'm too scarred to be loved.
Dude, Jesus. My mouth was open.
"Please insert token", ended in fatality.
I said 'poo'. She heard 'pee'.
Day's over, beer's cold, worries disappear.
Whoah. Trees have so many polygons.
Arthur, boy-king: really, really stoned.
Every morning I stand at attention.
Imagine: your head is a butt
Feeding the trolls. Found my calling!
Help! I can't control my boners.
Her eyes
Rainbows shined while the world burned.
First prisoner has escaped Mars Prison
The wind died between our lips.
It got too cold. We moved.
"God?" replied Satan, "He's long gone. "
His story only needed four words.
Never told her he loved her.
GPS "home" no longer my parents

Lost: flash drive. Please don't open!
I killed myself three days ago.
Lost: flash drive full of nudes
So much misery. So we share.
Still Beautiful, Even with the Scars
"Life's long, but short." she said.
Math genius turns into standard deviant.
If only I were still dreaming.
Can't breathe. Water's pouring in. Help..
Nah man, they'll never catch us.
Brazilian, German walk in a bar.
Las Vegas buffet, ticket for one
The radio's silence was its message.
The sub doesn't kill enough children.
Meta six worded story saves children.
I leave the bed once you're asleep.
Accept it. You don't want happiness.
He went deaf, still heard voices.
"Don't do it!" "I won't! Oops..."
This sub kills too many children.
Last words, "Hold my beer bro."
We're happy now. What about tomorrow?
I know I'll forget her face.
Toaster in the tub, power disconnected.
Professional house painter finally kicks bucket
Lost my memory after my memory
Only LeBron exists in r/nba today.
When I was a young warthog...
I was a one man gang.
What do you mean "Its positive"?
Man, I hope this doesn't accidentally -
My wife turned 29 today. Again.
Keep the books, burn the rest.
He won with a kazoo fart.
Pregnancy test positive; paternity test negative
I just watched my world burn.
No one cared who I was
Daddy eats sugar with his nose
the whispers. "we are with you..."
This is Pentecost. Reset the clock.
Breaking: Space-time tears. Wound won't heal.
"Was that six words?" "Not quite."
Worst date: laconism fetishist, didn't come.
Open note test. Brought inspiring quotes.
Nervous mourners glanced at their watches.
I am a mindless drone. AMA.
Not just any nachos... DEATH NACHOS.
Turn down for what, alcohol poisoning
"I don't love you." "Me neither."
Apocalypse. Why am I still here?
Live fast; die young and furry.
Drinks coffee; can't draw straight lines.
On birthdays, he strikes me less.
Compulsively counting words in this sub.
Once upon a time... the end.
I love her. She loves another
She dug my grave. I watched.
There was light. God said, "Meh."
Sure's heavy, for half a guy.
A blind man. Can see everything.
My heart, her heart, one heartbeat
She doesn't deserve this. *I* do.
Watched Earth burn through spaceship windows.
Sugar cookies were Granny's secret weapon.
Reddit is down. OP found dead.
No more toilet paper. Goodbye, socks.
Why is it always about death?
They embraced tightly, hearts still pounding.
"...I'm kind of waiting to die."
"Slave 3014, his Holiness summons you!"
"New boyfriend?" he asked my wife.
And then finally, the curtain fell.
Why did you lie about suicide?
In a perfect world she wasn't
Daisies lie - he loved me not.
The dark is filled with them.
Riding electromagnetic currents into the void.
Won't let anything bring me down.
Lebbeus
We loved, she died, I wept.
Best time travel joke heard tomorrow
I shouldn't have said "I do"!
Three points where two lines meet.
"Slave 3014, his Holiness will summons you!"
Good guys with guns turned bad
The Future: Less doctors, more mechanics.
One bird, two stones. Just unnecessary.
I loved her. She didn't. Suicide.
The written word is missing intonation.
One bird, two stones. Just unnecessary.
I love you. End of story.
Hiring: loving, caring partner. Good remuneration.
Of course we'll still be friends.
Just a note. Gone to mother.
An angel escaped? I know her!
Their late life reunion was transcendent.
I made it. It killed him.
Was I supposed to hear "scalpel"?
I really meant to love you
"Is this paradise?" "Not for you..."
They'll never know that I lied!
"It will never happen again, officer"
He found it, burried in secret.
Today's perfect. She visited my grave.
We ate all your birthday cake
When it's forced, does it hurt?
We aren't friends anymore. We're brothers.
I was there. She was not.
I can't wake up alone, again...
Our lips slowly filled the emptiness.
Her last kiss still haunts me.
Mummy? I don't like the dark!
In the future, this went differently.
Shhhh... just listen with your eyes.
The button was labeled: "Do over".
"Why's daddy biography in fiction?" -Jesus
Let's just say it was God...
84 104 101 121 39 114 101 114 101 113 117 101 115 116 105 110 103 34 116 104 101 109 34 46 65 109 73 116 104 101 109 63
01010100011010000110010101111001001001110111001001100101001000000111001001100101011100010111010101100101011100110111010001101001011011100110011100100000001000100111010001101000011001010110110100100010001011100010000001000001011011010010000001001001001000000111010001101000011001010110110100111111
Death is here. I'm finally free...
My Swimsuit Is Dry Clean Only.
That shooting star is getting bigger....
"You survived? That mercinary conned me!"
To the Women I've Loved: Sorry.
Once upon a time there was...
I cared about that girl once.
"Not now", she said to me.
Wasn't paying attention. Voodoo curse failed.
Came for stories. "Deep" sentences. Unsubscribed.
"But your full cup.?!" "I'm better."
"I love you...Even from Heaven..."
Oh great, there was no solution.
The rain fell, we burned. Hiroshima.
"Love you" shouldn't always mean goodbye.
Never leave me. I'm already gone.
Moved. One of us stayed friends.
I love you, Ali. Lule me!
Tonight, bullets taste better than bourbon.
suicide
Unrequited
Daughter. Mother. Grandmother. Buried. Mourned. Forgotten.
Stacey's mom has it going on.
Practicing lockpicking at Pont des Arts.
Trembling fingertips trip over white buttons.
The morning birds sing my lullaby.
I am, I am...I weep.
"uggh", sighed he, dropping his briefcase.
We adults introduce death to kids
Corduroy pillows are making headlines
Scheherazade miscarried; thought up quick story.
Cats: If they fits, they sits.
"A lemon tree, my dear Watson."
They were led into the showers.
She leaves things behind on purpose
I kept your voicemail long after.
Then the NeoCons mask came off.
In the sky. See? She's there.
Life, just a series of disappointments.
Fresh brain for sale. Never used.
DMV. I am just a number.
Philosophy Final: "Why?" Student: "Why not?"
You're attractive...If you don't smile.
Twenty million dollars is hidden under...
She's gone. My song...So Long.
xpost from /r/offbeat: "One-armed cyclist fined for missing handbrake"
Wish you were here today, Niel.
You lose what you don't use...
"On your mark. Get set." Gunshots.
"Just trust me," the mainframe said.
Rose From Ashes to Burn World.
Saw her leave work; smile faded.
Science disproves God's existence... "I AM!"
"War is fun," chanted the cavemen.
"Propane!" Doris yelled at the moon.
Who the fuck stole my pen?
A man doesn't need two thumbs.
Resident of Pen Island finally matures
Baby left on doorsteps. House abandoned
FIFA World Cup Finals - 6,999,999,998 Dead
It's ok, my indignation can wait.
In bed, alone. Creak. Not alone.
*type*... *backspace*... *type*... *backspace*... "cancel?"... "yes".
Amnesiac squirrel starves; but creates forest.
Tim was a very pale man.
"Hmm, what happens if I press..."
Sixth Season: check. Next? A movie!
Condom in girlfriend's room wasn't mine.
Jesus returned. No one believed him.
Corporations are people, women are not.
Humpy Dumpy: I lay in pieces.
A suicide note: "Family's whole again"
"The first to die were lucky..."
Straight and sober. Against the law.
Ms. President, your wife is waiting ...
Zombie dog no longer "good boy."
"My one friend" said the mirror.
"Looking pretty in pink, Mrs. Kennedy!"
Sex. Fear. Sex. Attachment. Love? Goodbye.
"Don't be so judgemental ... Your Honour."
"Dentists aren't doctors though!" he argued.
Look! Beaver in volcano, Hot dam.
Selling parachute. Used once, never opened
"Well no shit, Sherlock," said Watson.
Alone?
Only the propaganda models still smile.
We're still waiting for his comeback.
Half-Life 3 announced. No one believed.
"Missed me?" my dead wife asked.
Sprinklers turn on, blood washes away.
They find the letter; never sent.
Hidden in the silent house, waiting.
She took her life, He, heart.
"Scalpel" ... I shouldn't have heared that.
Can we get more Community Challenges?
Rhymes Flow as Little Children Grow
Girl of my dreams. Woke up.
This is where we end it.
Electric chair. Last words? Not guilty.
Medic! Eyes on me soldier. MEDIC!!
Beautiful wedding rings, will sell separately.
Today: a bureaucratically wainderous[sic] drumyell archritual.
"Captain! ICEBERG AHEAD!" "No, there isn't."
There she lied. One emotional tear.
Barrel in mouth, trigger pulled! Click.
OCD Serial Decapitator Makes Head Lines
"Dude," she said, "you're screwed!"
His last words "somebody hold me?"
My grandmother would have loved this.
Damn, I'm well enough for work
Can there be an end? Spaghetti.
Three condoms were his lifetime supply.
And suddenly, adults stopped being grownups.
'I would' she said. She didn't.
I got tested. She should too...
Inhale. Exhale. Repeat. Pain will recede.
No worries, mate. Dead is dead.
Gave my all, she drained me.
Menstruation jokes are not permitted. Period.
Death, taxes. Government wins; you lose.
Fight. Grabbed. Restrained. Escorted. White Room.
Never ever ever trust a fart
RIP Thought we had more time.
Breaking news: Microsoft to buy Google
I'm the best at ruining everything.
She was my last first kiss.
Oh, just the way they lie.
Birth. Growth. Sex. Death. Love. Success.
It all started with one bite.
In search of: Slightly waved flag.
Too much experience, no more curiousity.
Ex-fiancee; now sister-in-law.
Burying parents is an ideal scenario
Fridays: date night, by himself, alone.
"I wouldnt bother coming home"-Dad
The earliest stories had no words.
Potatoes really are real world heroes.
For sale: English flag, slightly waved.
Six words just aren't enough to
Awake, he rolls over... she's gone.
Finally pull plug; her eyes open.
Despite bacon's aroma, I've no appetite.
A Single Strike Sundered The Waters
We got him. The last man...
Not on Facebook, it didn't happen...
He died with music still inside.
This started as my throwaway account...
War on drugs sponsored by pharmaceuticals.
Leave the kids outside. I'm dead.
Blind squirrel loses nut. Grows tree.
"We can't hold-" screaming, then silence.
"We've can't hold-"...Transmision cut off.
She started drinking. Again. Again. Again.
Honey, im a catfish. No, literally.
Beneath these eyes linger many defeats.
I made an indestructible rover, explosion.
He never was the only one.
More people, less food, fewer people
But what if that *wasn't* him?
Homemade porn video wins Cannes Festival
For sale: baby shoes. Poop-stained.
Man shoots himself; discovers he's immortal
"Copy MarsOne?" "We...found a fossil."
Prodigal son returned. Was not alone.
I'm from 3014. You're all f****d!
By Imperial decree, you, must, die
I knew...She was the one
You told me you had changed.
I had an ultrasound. No heartbeat.
Adolf became a popular name again.
Headphones unplugged, but the voice continued.
Silently, he stood in their midst.
Never good at finishing what I
"Anyway...another ale?" "Aye, Angus. Always."
How much does the abortion cost?
Love is blind, no longer blinded
Google: How long period before pregnant?
Eight toed toad towed my car.
"No," said Satan, "I am god."
"You should see the other guy."
Bob's learned his clones were food.
"Check your privilege shitlord" tumblr said
Coffee seemingly required to make coffee.
I love my family....They're delicious....
Cum tasted like honey. He died.
Just vegetarian food forever? Heaven sucked!
On the seventh day, God died.
Loveable misfits win! Orphanage sold anyway.
Heavenly chorus or Hellish cacophony; irrelevant.
He cut a fart, then died.
Heard a door shut. Home alone.
Born a twin; graduated only child.
Just met. In love. Gone forever.
Three autobiographies and a time machine.
I just know she's playing me.
Posthumous debut novel hints at promise.
The surrogate just had a miscarriage.
Sold my soul to save hers.
Womb. Bloom. Perfume. Groom. Doom. Tomb.
Why did I send that text?
I don't want to gloat, but
Spot couldn't understand they wouldn't wake.
Went outside. Dog ate my face.
I'm ending this story on a
Hackers reverse-engineer NSA's leaked bugging devices
Cannot access "Memories": File data corrupted.
Humans confirmed most fatal biological weaponry.
Rain clensed the blood soaked tarmac
Bob's extraterrestrial clone "connected" his wife.
Starvation death is gentle. Mom says.
Can you solve your own murder?
Maybe I'm the one who's crazy.
Charlie collapsed: "can't...control...cannibal craving."
The truth is easier to remember.
No more potato, offspring are malnourish
Engagement ring for sale. Offers welcome.
War, it never ends only begins
Breathing came from the empty room.
That dildo's right up your Ally.
In the oven, the baby sleeps...
Imaginary friend asked where I'd been.
r/SixWordStories: Permutations of "She Left Me"
Showered before she could smell me.
I loved you, you loved her.
He said he'd change. He lied.
So now I cook for one.
Our summer together: blissful, yet unrequited.
Whiskey never said "I hate you."
Revived from death. There was nothing.
Evil plan to save the world.
I love you. You love her.
"Touch me now," the touchscreen said.
"I love you. As a friend."
"Gentlemen, we have returned to Kansas."
Can't be found, yet all around.
The bomb had one missed call.
This is my application for enlightenment
The dull pencil found no sharpener.
The eternal, omnipotent god lost faith...
His only friend: a rope's end.
Save humanity, certain death awaits, volunteers?
Cradle to grave in record time.
The Devil hesitated, No, no deal.
Fell in love? No, I dove.
Heaven is awesome! Shortest. Lines. EVER!
[meta] I'm done with this sub.
"Strike now, Booth," hissed Mrs. Lincoln.
US beats Ghana--Reddit melts down.
My short tale doesn't involve love.
One cry becomes two. We're complete.
It always ends after three years.
"at least I got the car"
"I love you," it said, coyly.
"You've reached Masturbators Anonymous. Please hold."
Hello, Anxiety Helpline. How may - *click*
Somedays I really miss my legs.
Healthy diet has turned me orange.
I smile, He is here... Apocalypse.
Mosquito Moody Malaise Miserable Mortality Malaria
Just lost my wallet... I'm fucked.
Disappointed again, Katie's father hung up.
Ed ate dynamite. Poor guy's dead
Father Michaels: feared God, fucked children
1984 boxed. Neither banned nor unbanned.
I hate following the rules.
Vampire checks himself in the mirror.
Tiny crosses where playgrounds should be.
"It's OK, I'm here, you're safe. "
Republican landslide despite gay sex scandal
The dog "reacted" therefore, Constitution nullified.
Rivers of blood, I love religion.
"I medicate my insanity with books."
Only the sun and moon remain
Everything it's easier with a panda
Forgot the chamber holds one round
Colonel Mustard, Kitchen, used monkey wrench
Her body, filthy, washed in forgiveness.
The body had a father too
Smiling at rain during your funeral.
First year: Love. Second: Guilty conscience.
The homeric question, todays scholars doh!
My womb must have been putrid.
It hurts only when I laugh.
Texted girl. No reply. Getting drunk.
"I'm seeing someone else," she said.
purposely avoiding your face isn't working.
The canary dropped like the rocks.
"I can't love you, like that."
Two passengers. Two casualties. One survivor.
Luck always belongs to someone else.
She probably had a family somewhere.
Swigitty swoogity bring me that booty.
"Wait... Don't forget to remember what?"
Smash the mirrors! Monsters are watching.
Secret capitalists dread Commissar McCarthy's purge.
Happy memories only brought sad ones.
Oxygen tax to increase 21%, again.
A sorry note, a room untouched.
Your profile picture had another woman.
I should have listened to you...
Coward. Displayed Wounds. To Booing Crowd.
You.
Struck out, but happy I swung
She thought love was a game.
The first publicly known cyborg president
Spin around and then fall down.
"...shoot Hitler now!" "Don't-" --time traveller
The coffin was his favorite color.
Scored all four, won by two.
Insurmountable odds; deus ex machina; triumph.
All pleas dismissed, he silenced her.
Not now, Mommy's taking a selfie.
All my lovers are getting married.
Finally ready to quit smoking. Again.
Sometimes I see her in clouds.
My pillowcases still smell like you.
Wish shoes were sold in singles.
Adolf Hitler was a killer artist
You broke me; I'm whole again
Putting socks on wet feet, BLECH!
There are no more words. Humanity lost.
His first kiss was his last.
I hate how much I care.
Dick stuck in Chinese finger trap.
Dick fit in Chinese finger trap.
Ice soul, cruel mistress, death optional
Last time you said next time.
Finds mysterious artifact, presses button........ ARMAGEDDON!
JonBenet was my preschool crush, crushed
Dark, man enters water, lost forever
Hulk ask. She-Hulk reply. Love weird.
I remember telling myself, "No stimulants!"
How can I be happy now?
Found mom on GW, kept stroking.
Depression rubs off. Until they leave.
She donated his body to religion.
Pornhub Last Login: One Year Ago
His name became her new cussword.
I asked. She replied. Love lived.
Was that her on Gone Wild?
Line of lights measures walk home
Got home safe, there's no sound.
I asked. She replied. Love died.
My wife ignores I'm her lover.
Kevin never saw Winnie alive again.
He donated her body to science.
"Mother's name?" "William. So No Ma."
"What the...is that a plane?"
Breakfast's the only meal; darkness again.
dustpan, swept up with the rest.
He left her during her selfying
Smoke, fire and the local hero
Playing Charades. Heart Attack. Dad lost.
American vampire develops type two diabetes.
"I'm dying, you fools!", snapped God.
Who is right? Who is left.
"It's done," she said, now childless.
Slept like a baby; screaming, vomitting.
Can't think. Test finishing. Oh shit.
Bruce was dead the whole time.
In the future, pirates are archivists.
Nun falls for junkie. Bad habit.
"Hold my goddamn hand," she snapped.
Everyone is talking about my paranoia.
My Brother; Late night organ donor.
With her twin? Thats still cheating.
Stupid questions; you already have answers.
From water swift doom will come....
"Eww that's gross. Dude, smell this."
She said, "I do." God dammit.
As he grows, innocence becomes ignorance.
"You feeling lucky, punk?".. I was..
I'm telling God everything, he cried.
Last man on earth hears screams.
"I'm still here..." said the urn.
Digging dirt; grubby shirt: Garden Man!
She chose the blue pill... again.
"You're not crazy", spoke the armchair.
Alien Razer enters orbit. Bob's reevaluating.
There is nothing to see here.
Dead baby, dead baby, dead baby.
Need a Boat? I Noah Guy
Day 100: Dawn still hasn't come.
He kissed her, and shot her.
Last year they shot uncle frank.
"Turn down for everything" - Michael Cera
Dawn has never looked so dark.
Sol stood still in the sky.
Punches are easier dodged than words.
My internet "life" replaced my life.
"It's not loaded"... but it was.
"Not too old to die young"
I was supposed to die first.
"I love you" - seen 11:00PM
I'm so sedated, no more medication.
Then Bob castrated the Alien Commander.
"I love you." her last words.
Confirm flight reservation for September 11th?
God's greatest trick revealed: free will
Seen last night. Died last year.
Internet babies digitized sense of realities.
Light unified perception, modified the scene.
Simon Cowell listens to your mixtape.
Gordon Ramsay orders the house special.
Can I return half a honeymoon?
Suddenly, this song is about you.
Left everything. She was too busy.
The mods have abandoned this sub.
Forty dollars didn't cover the guilt.
"Where'd we go wrong?" "The beginning."
The robots stood in the corner,
I can't decide if I'm crazy.
"Can I have the ring back?"
How was the play Mrs. Lincoln?
Internet friends can't attend life events.
Bought Chinese.Wish you were here.
Please, don't leave me here... Alone.
"Chicken lead suspect in fowl play."
Naively, they danced the sorrow away.
She faked it every single time.
He wanted nothing. They took everything.
I'll be here, when you're ready.
Google.Search, what was a library?
Money isn't everything...if you're rich.
Bought the shoes. They *were* worn.
Searching for those perfect six words.
I can't stand being wheelchair bound!
Genetically enhanced nanny units only $400,000!
Screaming was impossible. The autopsy started.
"I'm fine." She nodded through tears.
He found pants that weren't his.
Only commuters really noticed his death.
Ghost Town, Population: Only they know
You are my drug of choice.
"I deserved more" wheezed the android.
The blood began covering my face.
Attention everyone: LOVE. That is all.
Frozen hearts must thaw to heal.
Nobody has ever prayed for Satan.
Empathy isn't really necessary these days.
"No!" But he was desperate.
You know, other people aren't medicine.
The moon looked out of place.
He regrets taking the entire bottle.
"Screw the six word limit!" I say.
I'm the queen of wishful thinking
We need to have a talk
"I Don't need a safety harness!"
Nukes launched noise then prolonged silence
Let me dream of our past.
How could I possibly know that?
The spark inside your eyes...
There's a bomb in my brain. (silently) Detonate!
01010011010001010100111001000100001000000100100001000101010011000101000000101100001000000100110001001111010100110101010000100000010011110100111000100000010100100100111101000010010011110101010000100000010100000100110001000001010011100100010101010100
Love was not that I hoped
"The desease has spread....I'm sorry..."
Airline food's deal: a comedian's downfall.
They laughed about him. She smirked.
I'm free falling... Can't let go.
The organs would never be accepted
In Him, I Found Me, Belch
Her only flaw? Indifference towards me.
Caterpillar, terrified by new wings, jumps.
I look for you in everyone
Just you. No cops. One million.
If you back out, that's it.
i don't sleep because of you
Detroit named safest city in America.
Submitted, waited, got downvoted to hell.
I told you I would stay.
Deep paper cut on his scrotum.
Why don't they have a plunger?
I was all these people once
Lindsay pushes me to be better.
He confessed - "This statement is false".
My pacemaker's warranty ran out. Permanently.
Honey, it's time to let go.
I shouldn't have trusted that fart
Raped while listening to "Blurred Lines"
I sobbed silently into your back.
Your second cousin, once removed, died.
If I could just stop crying.
Water shut off; No warning given.
"No, it's not Stockholm's....it's L.O.V.E."
Hazardous nude beach club losing members.
Sweet words won't fix broken promises.
I don't think it was accidental...
Suicide was my only illegal deed.
The answers for you, keep it.
"World Star Hiphop"; His last breath.
I can feel you forgetting me.
King Juan Carlos of Spain abdicates
We fought, She fell, I burried...
Before Stephanie, waking up was difficult.
Beguiling baby boy, Frau Hitler. Congratulations!
OP delivered, gold was then given.
Condom broke; life is now over.
Away he goes; into the military.
She never intended to kill me.
Wana know a secret? I'm dead.
A name given. A person forgotten.
"I have a black friend ...now."
Found the key. Doesn't fit anymore.
Don't worry, I have a plan.
"I'll see you in hell!" "Canada?"
Lying there. Decrepit flesh. Eyeing something.
I didn't think it was loaded.
You know. I know. They don't.
I am depressed, but don't worry
Drank to forget, can't remember what.
Fuck her right in the pussy.
I love booze. Booze hates me.
Poor scarecrow, ignored by the crows.
Hot singles in your area. Alaska?
I'm too old to die young.
Not always happily, but ever after.
I'll give it my best babe
I even threw up the Pepto.
One jumped off, the others burned.
Hugs in brackets, not their arms.
One door closes, another one opens.
Blasted five terrorists at once. MURICA!
Blasted five terrorists at once. MURICA!
She's not ready to grow up.
machine works. I don't think this
Left the hospital, home was safer.
Suddenly, she took away the night.
The Best Is Yet To Come
Five weeks clean. Six feet deep.
I finally bought a second controller .
Going off grid with aneutronic fusion.
"Lord, give me strength." "Lol, nope."
Yin paid Yang to remove himself.
The landlord wouldn't take Reddit Gold.
The end? It's a fresh beginning.
Mediocre start; but a grand finish!
You forgot to tuck me in.
Graduation photo used for "missing" picture.
"He said he was fine, Officer."
If only I had known sooner
I just wanted one small piece
One was coming then two left.
Pour cereal. Milk's expired. Today's fucked.
Batteries dying? Press the button harder.
Your six word stories are depressing...
"Table for one?" Embarrassed, I left.
Only when I think of you...
Hard spreading the gospel of HIV.
Bought first house, immediately feel trapped.
Reporter: "He said, 'I can drive.'"
High on booze, low on life.
What happened? You hopeless romantic, you.
Thousands of tries. Finally a positive.
Today's events will never happen again.
Pirate visits Earth, then flees cougars.
This love won't die. Not Again
Death is all that we're promised.
Hiding depression from everyone is exhausting.
His last words: Tell her I ...
Just in time for another war.
From space, the explosions looked tiny.
Everyone buys a rabid pet badger.
Child prodigy turns twenty, now mediocre.
She said yes to someone else.......
I think I should've said yes...
One upvote for you good sir!
Door ajar, the wind crept in.
With a gasp, she was gone.
Worst day to forget my nunchucks.
And with a gasp, she was gone.
Scream! I will enjoy this more.
I knew that it was over.
Asses to asses, butts to butts.
Let's not make this awkward, Dear
Found a cure! After the Burial.
... I've got black blood, you know.
Never met anyone I'm related to.
Smallpox was a deadly infectious disease
I've pursued dreams; never my own.
Drowning, he couldn't untie the knot.
There was a snowman, and melt.
Teddy bear completely burned. Fireman's choice
Hope's not dead, though maybe unrequited.
Daddy loved with fists, like Grandpa.
Better fucking run, nigger! Boogity Boogity!
I write to keep her alive.
Only their sorrow brings me joy
His toenails are in my carpet.
I'll be happy when I'm dead
"Scientist's laughable claim says spaceflight possible"
"Can't we talk about it?" *Signs* "No!"
Be who your younger self needed
He donated her clothes to charity.
Buy Zrblx. (Good names are gone.)
I asked. She refused. I cried.
Almost time to pay, where's mom???
Choice
Oh no What have I done
I lack motivation, my peers concur
It hurts when I pee now.
"Enough!" - Before she boarded... "The Bus?"
Awaken in an ice bath... Again?
This isn't how I remember you.
Wrote original story, gets no karma.
Unable to hold, all these lemons.
Submit New Story. Title. Text. Submit.
That's when I killed the hostage
Out like candles, quick and silent.
Should've taken a left at Albuquerque
Such wow, many friends, no coherence.
night falls, I miss the sun
Telephone rings. Redditor ignores his friends.
Dog discovers owner's grave and pees.
Finally, learned how to move forward
I won't say "so it goes."
messages show "sent" but never "delivered"
Fool
She
Father's Day, I still miss him.
"Could be better. Mulligan?" said God.
Awoke to pieces of my men
I've lost what can't be found.
We both waited, and never met.
I was born missing, he said.
Where did that blood come from?
"Don't hurt me", the mirror pleaded.
I think Godzilla is probably real.
We entered, we fought, I left...
Nuclear strike launched, minutes until impact.
Superman is a super man. Super, man.
She winked, they went, they came.
Said, weeping, "Let there be dark."
Llama tried to drive. Fifty dead.
I hope you'll be ready then
His puss pumping blackened heart - ceased.
"Bob's" Chip prevented him from retaliating.
Not cut out for life. Goodbye.
Late last night, I drifted away.
Where the hell did she go?
Human lost faith. God did too.
Disproved "one plus one is two".
Words. Skimpy. Not enough for story.
Then she went and saved herself
His toothless grin revealed a door.
6 bullets, 7 zombies. 1 choice.
I'll be dead by then. Hopefully.
Lost my way. Found my path.
Pretty girl screaming. Suffocated with pillow.
Found my soulmate yesterday. He didn't.
I could totally fight that bear
No way we could have known.
Never had I felt this lost.
There was no lie, only gunshots.
I want to be awake now.
Don't just stand there! Busta Move!
I wish I could be more.
Twelve jurors. Each had been bribed.
Fuck Michigan; Don't run from home.
"What is going on here mate?
Whoever thought she would actually leave?
"What do you need now?" "Head."
Your gift, it made me cry.
"DUDE STOP." "THE BRAKES AREN'T WORKING!"
Did that even count as sex?
I guess the joke's on me.
She was my parrot as well!
Today would have been your birthday.
Good ol' planet Earth. Population: 1
Drinking with buddies: jealousy and loneliness.
"I'm not," said the wise man.
I tightly clenched my absent toes.
"No" crossed over from "loitering allowed".
Busy Highways Charged with Human Trafficking
I threw his ID card away.
"Because"? I thrived *despite* of you.
I cloned a dinosaur. "Cheep, cheep!"
She "understands" my diapered husband. Whoopee.
I'm here about the Craigslist ad.
Cold feet. Cold hands. Cold heart.
Sentimentality drove nails into more coffins.
Freedom ends with two pink lines.
I'm SO very confused right now.
"You're burning, Earth." "Human infected me."
"Hit me harder, I deserve it."
Daughter looks suspiciously like the mailman.
he lived in another man's dreams.
When doing wrong: Do it right.
A gun in the first act?
Gary cried over Melissa's hairdo yesterday
Chinese Buffet Charged With Human Trafficking
I'm the last of my kind.
I begged, "Don't drink and drive."
Tired
A wedding band, a funeral. Alone.
Her cold cheek is gone. Forever.
Please, for once, no dreams tonight.
My friend. His ex. Her lover.
Finds suicide note - says: "Was murder"
Yeap. It's cold. I live here.
I can tell when she's mad.
Nine strangled. Same place, same person
She called out another man's name.
She would have been a mother.
When did we stop writing obituaries?
One cup coffee. One bottled beer.
I poked holes in the tips
Stab. Stab. STAB. STAB STAB STAB!
What is this, Stories for ants?
Notice, his fingers are still clenched.
I never gave up on you.
Both girls, independently, olympially, ignored me.
Body found, head severed, still smiling.
Save the castle, screw the princess.
Hotel room. Two beds. One occupant.
Enjoying a post-coital cigarette. Alone.
"You never even cared, did you?"
"Once more and I'll left." - everyday.
So poison does have a taste.
We write. We appreciate. We repeat.
Full lot at the dealership today.
Why'd the chicken cross the road?
Can we AdLib six wore stories?
Time machine? We call them memories.
The IV emptied. It didn't matter.
Blackened bananas are ripe for bread.
Nuclear Holocaust? Didn't break a sweat.
The President cried openly, and long.
Festival yesterday. "Random" drug test today.
Today would have been your birthday.
"I love" That's all wrote wrote.
She is never first to text.
I lost my best friend today.
When U.S. militarized all....subjects mutate.
'Til death do us part. Not.
The chicken came first, then smiled.
Man climbs world's tallest mountain, jumps.
She slept, he left. Her name?
Are you asleep?
Apparently my toaster is not waterproof.
I don't work, so I'm broke
We have all seen better days.
What if the rumors are true?
The streets ran green with blood.
I didn't care. You didn't mind.
Finally landed my dream job: Father.
Widow. I don't need more words.
"Not your broken heart, but ours"
Then, they weren't just nightmares anymore...
"I love you." Seen at 3:23
"Bob's" babie's greenish tinge exhibited characteristics.
"Get Tested", all I heard *click.
Sanguine cosmic sky's, mortals menacing demise.
I dream, to see her again.
She was given another folded flag.
"What's wrong?" "I can't stop shitting."
Her smile; every sunrise, all mine.
Silence hung itself in the room.
I kept jealousy closer than her.
Fireworks make me dream of battlefields.
You can't ride a bike here!
Then privacy became the 'real' terrorist.
Another project in the "Unfinished" folder.
Forgave your cheating, not your lying.
"I never loved you." said Mom.
I'm afraid there were some complications.
Years of monotony cemented his anonymity.
We've learned not to trust police.
We were promised everlasting free will.
There's a snake in my boot!
Coffee dies out. Humankind destroys itself.
"Martha, your son is here." "...who?"
Driving away, everything behind them burned.
First Shot.
Hey! Your bag!...You hear ticking?
Went downtime. Got lost. Didn't leave.
Third times a charm... they said.
"Why can't I die?" despaired Superman.
Spent life looking for a fix.
But, you said you loved me.
Sorry that you were born, son.
Experience means having to make mistakes.
Sorry I let you down Dad.
Pregnancy test sales increased in March
Headless children laughed in the dark.
Broken families pick up the peaces
Soldier's bride, widow before a wife.
This earth be one fine drink.
She kissed him. I killed her.
"Don't make this difficult. Just go."
I am my own best friend
Sunday school after a saturday night.
Please, don't let it be her.
Glanced down at cell, can't remember.
Last seen nine eleven; miss her.
Nothing's worse than a silver medal.
That was most uniquely not a fish.
"Contemplated killing myself, brought home dinner"
The Alzheimer's helped him forget Genocide." "The NUKE cured the Ego Problem" "Home Schooled kid sleeps with Teacher." "He tasted Gun Metal for desert."
Couldn't find the time to figure.
I go to bars and Reddit.
Existential paradox fails to destroy universe.
Desire --- peace. Reality --- strife. Choice --- vodka.
I knew you once. Didn't I?
World History: Chapter 84: America's Decline
Gotta get out of the past...
It's a pill, not a cure.
There was a country named Somalia.
"You crazy bitch!...Do it again."
"Would you like flies with that?"
Woke up. I'm not me anymore.
I love her. She loves him.
He sees the cloud and dies.
"Nice to meet you," said Dad.
I drink because I am bored.
Quiet house. Delicious coffee. Blissful beginning.
No, Don't...Save The Extra Shells
DMX - Where the Hood at? [Clean Version]
Unreal
I thought I was in love.
A simple homage to r/firstworldanarchists.
This mixed up me lobotomy has.
Mouths agape, watching San Diego burning.
A shadow shifts in the closet.
Skin now obsolete, thanks to scientists.
My dad named me after Obi-Wan.
Rest doesn't come for the weary.
I found my heart within another.
His invitation, unopened, caught flame quickly.
The snack that smiles back. Children.
Pants went down, he wasn't pleased.
Crying alone, she sobbed, "Want momma".
We're definitely only strictly platonic friends.
One cave, one entered, two explored.
I was just like you once.
Spinning graves feed our energy generators
I greeted the bartender by name.
After my dinner, I killed him.
My Older Brother Got My Girl
Spider-man's saved me twice now.
Ice cubes: two for a dollar.
Robot for sale, occasional violent outbursts.
My dad finally forgot my name.
She fears happiness above all else.
"This is our end. Never Again."
"No, that man is his sister."
Last man alive. The phone rings?
"I can't decide." "You just did."
She's the sunrise.I'm the sea.
She still here posts on occasion.
"I fucked up," doesn't fix anything.
A decaying grave "In memory of..."
I proposed. She rejected. He agreed.
The prison guard watches criminal minds.
"A? No C!!!...? Should've studied more..."
I wish my mom knew me.
Write anything, you must start somewhere
I'll never forget who... are you?
Axe falling, the rooster crows, "Wait!"
Unfortunately, her heart belongs to him.
It's over...Computers took art too.
50% of married folk are adulterers
His face grew into their mask
Moral compass never points right direction.
Received mixed messages. Broke a leg.
Speakers blared. She heard nothing. Overdose.
"Mercy? What's that?" he asked.
"She did it!" No one heard.
Two girls, one cup, none spared.
I should choose some better friends.
It was done. She, was finished.
"Do you have kids?" "I did..."
"Bad move, wise guy." "Wrong dude."
She severed my paths all three.
One by one, they all disappeared
Your dome, my dome, together one.
This is what hell is like.
At "I do", she did not.
He fell in. She dove in.
first try
I've never been good with goodbye.
"I'm your #1 fan" said #360,420
My bed's colder than yours was.
80 questions. 50 minutes. We're fucked.
Rage always consumes its host eventually.
Far away
Strangers. Friends. Best friends. Lovers. Strangers.
"She shouldn't die, take me instead."
He was content. He woke up.
Bloodied and broken, they move mechanically.
Trudy held and orgy, no one came.
"I'll miss you too," she lied.
World peace preached; holy wars inspired
Girl's dead. Skirt torn in half.
Painful lesson learned from ogre father.
You told me things would change.
I can't go back in there.
I will rise from the dead.
He loved her. She loved pills.
Fell face first, flopped into feces.
"You think too much." I pondered.
You're home? Guess what I found...
Bad Timing
Sticks and stones, broke my bones.
Everyone invests in ideas. Few collect.
She caught me staring, she smiled.
Negative results. She passed the test.
Tell your wife I love her
Experiencing death, for the last time.
Woke up and everyone was gone.
Earth will be fine without us.
Eventually, cemeteries grow. Cremation becomes popular.
Drunk mind speaks a sober heart
"I've seen more spine in jellyfish."
Abusive father. Runaway mother. Broken child.
Bullets. Flesh. Blood. Screams. Death. Silence.
I couldn't say "Happy Mother's Day".
Bong water rings on my homework
Tasting blood for the last time.
Grandma can't celebrate Mother's Day anymore.
She's not here, so you are.
To the Nemesis I never hated:
Turns out, genetic code IS programming.
Turns out, the genetic code WAS programming.
And now we will be eternal.
"...The only thing I ever wanted."
One Direction did AMA. No replies.
I met him on the internet.
Mother's day. No live babies... yet.
Said goodbye after she was gone.
Blazing thunderclouds, bolting sky's, rocking earth.
The truth...? It's probably a lie.
Her distant gifted kisses lifted spirits.
Man bites dog, dog says "asshole!"
History will tell a different tale.
Looks like crackers for dinner again.
Clawless cat saves family with teeth.
Cemeteries are flowery on mothers day.
And suddenly, it was all over.
The rats knew where he was.
Toothache's gone since I shot myself
But he didn't have seven Dragonballs.
I make pizza, he gets dough.
I'm sorry, Mom. I really tried.
Inhibitions weakened. Penetration deepens. Demoralized victim.
I'm dieting for my open casket.
Sentient A.I. hacked to love. Unconditionally.
"Pull the plug" ... My scream is silent.
Uh, Alex, who are the Moops?
This will be my last cigarette.
Know he's reading my diary. Perfect.
His mind deteriorating, father became child.
"...I tried." That is the problem.
He stole flowers for mother's day.
"Funeral? :D #LetMeTakeASelfie!"
You're gonna be okay, say it...
Fat thumbs declare that I'm "busty."
Was destined to end determinism. Failed.
Lies? Real eyes realize real lies!
I have enough, he said.
I'm gonna submit a story, God.
Mother's Day? More like Mothers Dayum!
Because of you, I didn't give up.
Laughing, they left their clothes behind.
Promised myself I would die happy.
"You'll never take me alive Coppers!"
"Don't do this." "But... he knows."
World wide web whole world webbed.
Unfortunately, HE wasn't left handed, either.
"We don't need lookouts," declared Captain!
Inside the menu: people's names, photos.
Paul is a real estate novelist.
"Don't marry her!" warned Future Me.
Every sip was fuck you mommy.
"Where's the food?" "He gave diamonds.."
Supreme Alien Commander smiled at Bob.
A cure's worthless to dead men.
They lived happily ever after, separately
They sell nothing money can buy...
Suicidal teen's last post: Goodbye #yolo
"Hi, I'm Debrah." , "Oh, I know."
Things were better when I was.
A beautiful view. From below too.
She said OK. I said whoopee!
Twin towers fell. America invaded itself.
Well, maybe just one last hit..
"She didn't want to." "So what?"
Just laugh through the sad parts
"Love me?" "Yeah." Fingers crossed.
My everything isn't enough for you
"Out to store, be back soon."
There's nothing left to live for.
She's my eye of the hurricane.
"Breathe in. Darkens. Dirt settles..."
SALE: Parachute. Never used. Small stain.
Don't play leapfrog with a unicorn.
The Void is calling, don't answer.
For my third wish... A family.
Tears crash ashore, like saltwater rain.
Sadly, the draft left me free
Missing people who don't miss me
Though fleeting, happiness is worth struggle.
Taking the final, wakes up one hour late.
Signal came in. They're out there.
Fled in lifeboat. She was weaker.
It won't work
Calloused hands betrayed his tender heart
Didn't make these, but they're beautiful.
Answered phone, no sound. Still talked.
Never again's shorter than you think.
I begged. She left. He smiled.
Quantity goes up, quality goes down
Love never dies -- sometimes lovers do.
"Life described in one word."
Hear her whisper amid the shouting.
Dead pastor meets Allah in heaven.
How about we get coffee instead?
It could have only been you.
Its now default. Its now shit.
Prepare for the crappy stories.
Thanks Facebook. I can stare longer.
Biggus Dickus did a biggish dig.
Upon discovering gas, we forgot manufacturing.
"Once celebrated hero. Now, a wreck."
Care for some, Ultraviolence? He asked.
The blade walks, down the road.
r/sixwordstories becomes the newest default sub!
Their entire life: swallowed by flames.
Our worst night was pretty great
She decapitated all the orange zinnias.
My home burned down. Good riddance.
Talking didn't help. It never does.
His last meal was just desert
Unearthing that was a terrible idea.
Nothing awakens as effectively as emergencies.
Nothing awakens like emergencies awaken you.
"Oil. A lot. In the moon..."
Be yourself. Please conform. Fuck you.
The moment you realize the end.
I won't let them ignore me.
"Say the words." "I love him."
Well and through, threw a you.
Fought the system. Now the system.
Magnificently dynamically dancing fire winged dinosaurs.
No job is worst than no job.
This will be my last meal.
Rain fell while I loved you.
A sign: good, you're still here
Life spent "just surviving" isn't living.
Nothing implies humanity MUST preserve itself.
Help
I promise. Unconditionally still means unconditionally.
I and the Grammar Nazi left.
Man overboard in this dark reality!
Procrastination for sale - No time wasters.
Don't be a commie, vote Romney
You See Farther Up Than Down.
I'm too scared to end it.
I'm in love with your girlfriend.
Blowdrying takes longer than reading Odyssey.
No nouns, no verbs, just adjectives.
"I love you." "Who is this?"
Open your eyes, use some imagination.
He was suicidal, hypocritical, and alive.
In the end, everything else remained.
Dreams don't come true, nightmares do.
"I can wait. She's the one."
The kid lived under a bridge.
She paid for pencils in pennies.
cold eyes
It's ok, we can try again.
Last words. "Can't afford internet, kids."
Spending time on a farm: dagnabbit!
Think you know me? You don't.
Will of their own. Unpreventable catastrophes.
Why NOT chocolate cake for breakfast?
Life began and ended without warning.
She loved him, but not Him.
Why? I thought I had to.
The policemans baton dripped with blood.
Child found: no clothes, won't speak.
If I am alive, run far
They ate dry ramen in silence.
More than friends. Less than lovers.
Try Fail Try Fail Try Succeed
Test: colorless green ideas sleep furiously
Mad Men made me a smoker.
Everyone launched their nukes, nobody won.
Imply sadness vaguely. Please Up Vote
Called 911. There was no answer.
I pooped my pants again, today
"Who are you?" my father asked.
It's not Will, It's Knowledge too.
Live my life, then judge me.
More than friends! Less than lovers?
Unconsciousness was the most peaceful place.
Overslept. Missed life. Try again later.
Man eats wife. Wife was sandwich.
I'm going to marry this woman.
Wins the lottery. Stoned to death.
Now I'm really like Lou Gehrig...
Your opinions are useless against me.
"Dad, what was the sun like?
With VR, I can have sex!
I looked down and saw boobs.
Got to heaven. Greeted by AIs.
Young Adult Male Seeking Blood Virgin.
Mom's gone. Now we're the elders.
Table for Two. Dinner for One.
The truth is, I lied
Cry myself to sleep while masturbating
No banana detected! Scale is unclear!
"Cute tattoo. Oh... oh dear god."
"Just Friends?" "Screw You!" "Guess Not."
"Talk to you later." Can't anymore.
The prank didn't amuse Steroid Tiny.
I wrote a check. She's history.
Her eyes are filled with fear.
Physical abuse was one thing. Emotional...
Hated her until she was gone.
Me and the wind are bros.
My son doesn't look like me.
What shall I rebel against today?
My love. My life. My capture.
drinking, but dehydrated; eating, but malnourished.
Keep your laws off my bodies.
Her boots, his hat, my chaps.
She threw away her half necklace.
One shot fired, no one left.
Does anybody really count words anymore?
Come close, to be far away.
Voted "Most Likely to Succeed." Didn't.
Same old man, but different universe.
I love you, so good bye.
Malls built faster than a school
That's my second bedtime story tonight.
He said he'd come back. Liar.
I got preggo at summer camp.
Most "accidents" happen in the home.
Destroying opponents with dad in game.
My dad quit smoking cigarettes ....Again.
I should have taken him seriously.
"Goodbye for the last time, again."
Adversity cannot Stop You from Living.
He switched back to hard liquor.
Where is that screaming coming from?
In with Tinder. Out with Chivalry.
"See you around." "No, you won't."
My bravery came from my bravado.
A folded flag; a purple heart.
Four-legged best friend now roadkill.
Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis and Pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism in one day...
God decided not to show up.
"Twas them, not us, that changed."
I saw Mommy kissing Exxon Mobile.
The afterlife not what I expected.
He had to perform his caesarean.
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious didn't fit on her tombstone.
Wanted: Science Teacher. Must Love God.
Calculations complete. Result: solitude is inevitable.
Finally quit smoking after starting blow.
Survivors cooperated. Others chose not to.
I'm innocent, put down the needle!
It's not obnoxious, it's vapor!
Looked upon his works. Didn't despair.
I just can't stop loving her.
Mother stopped breathing. Gaia became fire.
"Finish on my ring," she moaned.
Don't do this to me momma
Jumper
Dear John letter: Return to Sender
Elementary. Secondary. University. All for this?...
Master gave her freedom. World disagreed.
Given time crowds will kill everything.
Procrastination incidentally delayed dying... likewise, living.
Kill to live. Live to kill.
I was slow. She got taken.
A coroner remembers to call mom.
They can only execute you once...
Terraformers landed. Earth rejoiced. Mars wept.
I really hate it when people
I like cheese, more than most.
University acceptance message went to spam
Twisters destroyed buildings, not our community.
A burnt house means no problems
There's nothing left, and nothing right.
Haven't posted in a while. Hello!
I felt the need. To fall.
I honestly though thought you wouldn't.
Dicks dicks dicks dicks dicks dicks.
Worm slept in, avoided early bird.
Please observe the eternity of silence.
Water every where, nothing to drink
I never got to say that--
I said I'm okay. Stop asking.
Broke his quarter collection for money
That day, was the last day.
Adult film company has AIDS outbreak.
For sale: flesh mask, worn once.
Another step and I'm on top.
I love you son. No homo.
"Ethics be damned! We needed answers!"
Why is every story about death?
Love has no logic, only drive.
Alone in the dark, it farts.
They died, I didn't. I'm jealous.
Mom chose me over getting treatments.
Till death do us part. kept.
Human USB ports announced in 2040.
"Everybody stay put!" said fleeing captain.
The mountain succumbed, but we remained
Bob's new baby exhibited greenish tinge.
Death, the only truth of life.
I only know five words.
They smile together, I cry alone.
He crashed the wedding. Four dead.
Life was shit. This was bliss.
A funeral instead of a graduation.
It's not what it looks like!
Captain was the first to leave.
I am rarely easy to love.
Where does one buy tiny coffins?
Caliginous night, // Unsleeping, drunken torpor // Pontificating.
The message sent, then the gunshot.
Hunter. Dog. Trapped. He ate him.
Real fathers really never loved me. :(
Sir, we're out of body bags...
Fire Engines outside her house. Shit.
Soldier at her door - not him.
Don't burn me in your fire
Left,left,left,left; GPS broken!
"'Russian roulette': I'll use a clip."
Kicked in jaw; orgy loses member.
The Sun shone brighter back then.
Actually, you are the other guy
First her hair, then her life.
Baby shoes. Found once, resplendent thereafter.
Maybe this missed connection is me...
Earth: hot, dirty, crowded. Vacation sucks.
Reached Valhalla via a machine gun
My story started with a gun
Till death do we part. Goodbye.
"He said, 'I'm not a cop.'"
city mouse
The glutton's hungry. Famished. STARVED. guilty.
I won't lie, she already knows.
Tried bondage, got left, send help!
"I love you!" "Who are you?"
"Former home of five. No survivors."
"Forever" passed quicker than I expected.
The very last veteran died today.
Her defense... her children's growling stomachs.
His last breath was too sudden.
The truth, she said, can hurt.
"But...I hear the voices too."
Human reproduction learnt the hard way.
Then...the open minded became 'terrorist'.
She sleeps alone, but only physically.
Generation's brightest artist only illustrates depression.
He left money on the dresser.
Two planes, two towers, few survivors.
but I thought I was dead
She closed my eyes for me.
There's no such thing as karma.
I dreamt I hit the ground.
He breastfeeds his long-deceased father.
"maintain radio silence now......hello? hellooooo?"
This sub ruined by crappy statements.
"Why live on?" "Why die now?"
I'm his because he's not hers.
It seemed like nothing ever happened
After that, everything changed for good.
Won the girl, lost the war.
everyone stopped what they were doing.
The knife fell, then turned red.
This bitch sneezed on my dick.
Mr. I-Am-Not-A-Cop
An album of six six word stories forming a larger story.
"Ran away from doom", he assumed.
After separating, they communicated with photographs.
Room Empty; Turn Lights Off, Leave
We're running out of graveyard space.
Kaitlin, what do you mean everything?!
Jonas Still Bled For Green Gems.
John got lit with grandma once
Pizza guy delivered my baby too.
I believe my time has ended...
It all started with a nosebleed.
Reddit Ended. Productivity would rule forever.....
I didn't have time to cry.
She left yesterday. Found a wort.
"Cloned From Sweat!" Game-worn jerseys sought.
New Taco Bell. No bathroom. Bankrupt.
"I miss being your emotional vice."
Hope died with each fact shared
"My parents aren't home!" "I know."
"Funny, he reminds me of you."
Only my crush noticed my loneliness
I think I'd feel complete if...
Six word stories. STORIES! not statements.
"My baby...This one will live."
Coffee. No coaster. Rings! Overreact. BANG!
Out of four digit area codes?!
Batteries died. I guess I'm next.
Five brothers? One's a sister now...
I am tired of being tired.
Dude, over the undies isn't gay.
Those left uninfected simply couldn't comprehend...
So ends the last human thought.
We stood there both alone, together.
No one taught me how to count
Playing Russian Roulette with six bullets.
Is it really just a crush?
Wont always remember, but mever forget.
Stop, don't! She... Won't remember you.
Certain songs make me cry now
Never wanted to take my picture.
Only his favorite websites remembered him.
This true story is a lie
"We lay together, but as liars."
Stubbornly smacking wave, Earths face hit.
Then cattle ranchers became the terrorists.
"Surprise!" they yelled, unintentionally outing him.
What you gonna do? Stab me?
Plague spend at speed of love
Empty shoes remained on the highway.
Alone, walk fast. Together, walk far.
Kim Jong Un demands Happy Meals
Kim Jong Un demands Happy Meals^^^TM.
Virus killed humans. Nukes ended them.
Closed casket. Pounding. "Sorry Dad." Smile.
Final human invention: good artificial intelligence.
Keep the expectations to a minimum
They went together. To find love.
You can't be hurt when alone
Grandpa wasn't accustomed to Texas prostitutes
Liquor, Coffee, Liquor, Gamble, Liquor, Girls.
Former poker champion takes up Solitaire
We met halfway at a hotel.
"Long ago, all food was organic."
"Six words ain't enough!" "Sure, it..."
Love is just a hippie notion.
I'm torn; my head and heart.
"I Love You When You're Sober"
"Mom," she lied, "it's my dream!"
Does she know you love her?
"Houston, the sign says 'Level 2'."
Cleared throat. Toasted friend. Marinaded wife.
Laying in bed. I got laid.
Stone rolled back. "Who stole Jesus?"
"Total media blackout," agreed the president.
We're lying in bed. She's lying.
"Is it gay if it's me?"
Didn't see hole. Couldn't find child.
"I'm happy you're happy," she lied.
Old age is a rare privilege
Time Travel exists. Well, it did.
"They just lay there" she yelled.
Open sky. Open field. Open casket.
'Tis a blessing to die early.
"Is this him?" the coroner asked.
Gluttonous drips joylessly jaunt toward addiction.
"Be wise and , be remembered" - Anonymous
Was depressed, skipped breaks, got raise
Their love will never shine again.
"Down vote mania." "Where?" "This sub."
It was definitely NOT candy corn!
After three days, an empty tomb.
Smallpox was an extremely deadly disease.
In the closet, until the casket.
"Why so serious?" asked the executioner.
Knock door. No potato. Secret police.
Got a job. Make that money.
"Daddy! Your stories are too short!"
"W-well, y'see, sir.... I-it's alive."
"No tongue, its a kiss goodbye"
Total silence. Will I ever awaken?
I will never tell a lie.
A dead girl talks to me
"Murder suicide?" "No." "I wasn't asking."
Where is the monkey? Bad dates...
"What caused her to overdose?" "Pride."
"...Maybe three months," she guessed, apologetically.
"Dead" i said, with a grin.
I shouted for mother. No answer.
I lied. I never loved you.
The light flashed, my skin tingled.
They made me into a scarecrow
Lost virginity. Please return if found.
Please, just let me stay dead!
I watched the vultures circle above.
Delivered alcoholism through the umbilical cord.
My grandsons name is tom... I think
There is something under my skin!
Trusting people is becoming very hard
Her Mother Beat her and lied....
I broke my own heart,oops.
I took too long to notice.
Procrastinators Association's meeting delayed until tomorrow.
Click here to pull the trigger!
"I'm bored and home alone." "OMW."
Yesterday, the Cat's Eye Nebula blinked.
Never give a stranger your address.
Stranger dressed in white. Smiling. Lying.
"Daddy paid for our secret abortion"
Baby born, not delivery its digiorno.
I'm stronger than my dad now.
"...thank you for everything." *Draft saved.*
I'm very sorry, we've tried everything.
I love you, but him more
Son, be stronger than I was.
I begged, "Let there be light!"
But why did God look away
I let her walk away again.
The Burning Desire " By Herb Pees "
The River Yellow " By IP Freely "
She let me touch a boob!
"Those guilty turn into ducks."...........*quack*
"YOU'RE the slut!" yelled the pope.
A beautiful day to stop trying.
Leaves of nine stoned every time
Discovered my origins. Begged for forgiveness.
Earth sucks, let me off here...
A forty-five he fired: Twenty-one guns.
Robots enslave mankind; black people forgiven.
Just be glad you aren't me.
You left your conscience with me...
He's the very beast he fears.
The real me? You'd look away.
Home alone... footsteps... gunshot... crying... again.
Time
Darkness
I am so tired of life.
Next thing we knew. Everything began.
Aliens land, extend hand, we fire.
Can't tell if Scotsman or Werewolf.
It's true. The internet says so.
Fought a guy, won some money
I touched the priest for revenge
Many first dates. One last one.
Many first dates. No second dates.
Not sure if flattered or disgusted.
Man found dead near own grave.
"We should break up." "I agree."
Tried to stop me. They failed.
Used parachute for sale, never opened.
Her son became perfect, post mortem.
progress, they call it. history, rubble.
i lost 40 pounds last weak
I'm cutting the green wire. Boom
Rapture happened yesterday. Was anyone saved?
Definitely false -----&gt; &lt;--Definitely true... Nope. Neither.
Watched her drown, took a swim.
This T.V. is my replacement parent.
Time to wash off today's insecurities...
Traded my armor for a crown.
The future will be currant wines
Our goodbyes were 50 years early.
"Want to live?" "Yes" "...Prove it."
You lived it better than me.
He watched the world turn green
delayed flight, at waffle house. cook singing.
Life, you punch like a bitch.
Woke up. It wasn't a dream.
They kiss. She smirks. He dies.
Then the rich moved to Mars.
Money for nothing. Chicks for free.
Punch your face into my fist.
I watched the populations escape Earth.
"Punch her face into my fist."
Reddit's last page, now what?
The Earth was a perfect circle.
no one left behind, they promised
We're too weak for strong thoughts.
Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn.
Hydrogen said, "Let there be light."
It began with a single cough.
What if I did kill myself?
Breathing C02, they live off MtnDew
Can't talk. I'm at a funeral.
Shaved my head to match hers. &lt;3
Escaping jail was the only crime.
I love you please don't leave!
My picture in the mirror lagged.
Guns keep doctor away, not apples.
"Wife?" No reply from the kitchen.
I glared at Satan: "You're next".
"Next four lefts, can't miss it."
Hi Dan, It was Mayonnaise. -Alex
*test* **test**
Don't worry. I am professionally unprofessional.
A screech; a yelp; an engine.
"That's a small detail." "Big problem."
"So, deed's done?" "Permanant vacation, haha."
Don't forget about your heart, dear.
Pregnant Mary tells a small lie.
We're on a road to nowhere.
"She's, dunno..." "Hyperactive?" "Yup. A lot."
Laugh, it's not everyday you die.
Insomnia brought me here. Should sleep.
I've become addicted to dating sites.
So fast it ended without thought.
She professed her love of friendship
Sometimes you just need to cry
Giving free hugs got me arrested.
Trample the weak, hurdle the dead.
Brokenhearted loser makes first contact, success!
Her funeral was before my baptism.
Billie Jean was not my lover!
Early morning, surrounded by paper shreds.
"Hi sweetie! How are you?" "Woof!"
Then I watched my last sunset.
words
you chose her. best of luck.
As fog rolled in, blood pooled.
Future wife killed me last night.
Enough with the meta stories, guys!
He's front page for last time.
The pills stopped working long ago.
Man finishes life sentence at 26.
Eight years later, she found me.
My memory crumbled... Where am I?
Thalassophobic, constant sailing with Captain Morgan.
Fantasize, but Start Living the Dream.
"Just as planned" - the hedgehog said.
Three words, but the middle changed.
God damn those blue turtle shells.
"Could we just be friends again?"
It was the most delicious murder
For sale: Gipsy girl, never whore.
For sale: Young girl, never whore.
One day she'll ask, "Who's that?"
Happily married - love notes found. Divorce.
Who's supposed to break the silence?
"Well anyway, have a nice funeral!"
"I love you." "Yeah, about that."
White man seeks the gang life
The heat makes me do *things*
My child's a monster. About time.
Computers become self aware, commit suicide.
Lies often become truth on occasion
Six's no longer afraid of Seven
And then, Hell broke loose. Again.
The arsonist had oddly-shaped feet.
She's trapped in this story, forever.
My past regrets obstruct my future.
Santa is such a classist bastard.
Stop polarizing people, you horrible asshole
Blitzkrieg tore through our beach defences.
An UFO stopped by, wanted directions.
All she left was the dog.
Stalking her got his nose broken.
Break down. Sob. Bleed. And repeat.
I wanted you to choose me.
Half the fun is getting caught.
What to do? What to say?
I'm cursed with never having satisfaction.
For Sale: Baby shoes, never worn.
Tightropes across canyon. Falls in love.
Broke his heart, broke her face.
Man develops delusion of having schizophrenia.
She was so beautiful. It hurt.
Jesus becomes atheist, his father disapproves.
Jesus becomes atheist, his father disapproves.
Instruction Manual? What could go wrong!
Jesus becomes atheist, his father disapprove.
Who could love someone so broken?
The word thief stole [... ]. The End.
"To health!" the poison was toasted.
"Stories six words at a time".
What was that squishy, wet noise?
My therapist committed suicide last night.
He could never recapture that moment.
Synthia downloaded a new personality: 'Murderer'
"I see... nothing...," whispered the soothsayer.
Remember me! Remember me? Remember me.
"He's just a friend," she lied.
"I only speak truth" ~ I lied.
The curtains rose. The roses fell.
Exited clinic. Leaving a life behind.
"Appointments only" slowly became "walk-ins welcome."
Rolls up the Rim. Play again.
Fought girlfriends vagina. Went "down" swinging.
"Three dimensions? I remember having that."
Four legs. Two legs. Three legs.
Brings his wife everywhere. Drops ashes.
Finds the one. Loves from afar
Bored. Clicked random. Now I'm here.
Dreamt paper dreams. Papered dreams fell.
Somebody is Born into Someone's Dream.
better to be hated than humiliated
I hate saying 'Goodbye,' after 'Goodnight.'
True character is discovered in responses.
[Sarcastic tone] "The white man talks about race."
Her lies became his beautiful noose.
Blame it all on my roots
My cancer killed our small talk.
Overdoses on Anxiety medication. Dies fearless.
Her lies tightened his beautiful noose.
And then she laughed at me
"You are?" "I am." he said.
Found her with another left crying.
If my memory serves...this works.
"Hungry?" "No". His stomach still grumbles.
"I'm sorry." Six words be damned.
Alzheimer's James Bond forgot name again.
Don't leave me alone... Don't go.
"Welcome! My name is-" "Diet Coke."
Feral wolves make the worst roommates.
Forgetting his helmet, the airlock opened.
Read her sad story. Laughed instead.
I just hit the wall. Ouch.
A sentence ain't always a story.
She worshipped him, he tolerated her.
It wasn't murder; it was tradition.
The bread you ate; is moldy.
Deniro: villian. Hero in our eyes
I found him in the closet
Fat chicks welcome. Bring your friends.
Baby wipes used before the razor.
"Van!" "Stranger danger?" "Nope! Scooby Snacks."
Grandpa's burial seemed to last forever.
Right after Six, Seven ate Nine.
Home was prison. Prison is home.
Her breath was weak, then gone.
My Silver Spoon is platinum... BITCH.
How long until it's no good?
What's so funny about potatoes anyway?
"Where's order 71?" Hamburglar strikes again
Saul left Avalon drenched in love.
"Mommy's dead. Daddy's half-eaten. I--"
"I love you, if that helps."
Bet my life I live forever.
We're all about to be Russian.
Suffer and bleed for your master.
I'm just a lonely spanish man
"I'm an ass man", she laughed.
Parenting has become saying "Google it. "
Not yet met. Soon to marry.
"Alive!" Is not what it seems.
Finally, she knew she was safe.
I have forgiven risks not taken.
I took the easy way out.
Forever longing, Often after, Never you...
No happy stories are just six..
My love comes at a price.
Shut your hole, start digging one.
Headbanging changed a lot since Pantera...
Lead me out of the darkness.
The future? No plans; goodbye all.
She could not do it alone.
Satan leered. "Welcome! Heaven's mine now."
I mourn all our lost tomorrows.
Knuckles deep in the neighbors sheep.
Horridly, she screamed "HELP!" Nobody reacted.
She had a twin... Oh shit.
No officer, you can't smell vodka.
Ten year crush became first girlfriend.
The groom changed, the date didn't.
Hell's pathway is paved with boredom.
Heart's yours. Body is my own.
I have mixed drinks about feelings.
Does the fetus get the munchies?
Illegal camping now punishable by death.
This is the best day ever!
Maternity hospital carpark, several abandoned convertibles.
Will you marry me? April fools!
I reach for you, sleep drunk.
Broken family. New town. Lost friends.
Maybe you should believe in that.
Powerful Dreams are Closer to Reality.
I'm excited to see how this--
And...the world knew they lied.
April fool's prank ended with homicide.
Test results positive. The reactions weren't.
His first mistake was staying conscious.
Oh. That's me there. Well... mostly
Same girl. Different surname. Mixed feelings.
Home alone, I smelled a fart.
"Torture me," said the masochist. "No."
260,000 graduates in minimum wage jobs
This is happening because of you.
Lock picked. Door opened. Bodies found.
Lady Luck called in sick today.
Burnt books piled together. One remains.
We Screw We Nut We Bolt
Once was lost... nope, still lost.
The boat gladly remained in port
I'm still here, you're still everywhere.
Brief reminder: breathe in, breathe out.
Went to poop. Forgot my phone.
Stuck in the middle. Hell's full.
Too lazy to reach full potential.
Incessant buzzing. Silence. Thwack! Incessant buzzing.
i'm adventurous, i just can't leave.
"What is my purpose in life?"
God wondered why they thought such
At least they have free wifi.
Doped, stripped, strapped by his psychiatrist.
He walked into a bar. "Ouch!"
Geeze, happiness isn't so bad ya'll
Who are you? Hi dad. Surprise.
I will never call him Dad.
Duty: save lives. Sometimes I succeed.
Her dreams became my worst nightmare.
Enlightenment made his microscopic life enjoyable.
I am a toxin to myself.
Her happiest day encouraged his last
Only his police dog was lonelier
No, wait, I changed my mind!
cashed pay check, keeled over dead
Nothing. Placebos? Damn it, they know.
Dark dreams can be others realities
Men. Fights. Governments. Wars. Death. Peace.
Too much stress, too few pills.
Lights went out. I didn't care.
Great stories show, and don't tell.
They didn't even bother to reply.
YouTube sues upstart iTube over narcissism.
"Hello," the scientist said, greeting himself.
The final beep lasted an eternity.
Rise, shower, work... repeat until dead.
A Living Example Guides Many Others.
Six word stories are always short.
Earth rapidly receded, and vanished. "Recalculating..."
The pills didn't work. School tomorrow.
The daredevil lost another toe fishing.
[WARNING] Trespassers, you're within rifle range.
What shocked the electrician most was...
Those brownies sure tasted funny, though..
Why I am leaving this subreddit
She honeymooned at the Best Man's.
Three thousand views and zero likes.
Burned it down... Voices still unsatisfied.
After five years I came clean.
She couldn't recognize her identical twin.
Lottery tickets were cheaper than college.
today is also tomorow another day
Wanted: bioethicists. Greg's Machine Learning, Inc.
Youngest living human dies at 30
Were brother-sister. Now husband-wife.
Self aware robot won't stop dancing.
DON'T TOUCH! It resets...Oh...evolu..tion!
I love you, despite even this.
It snowed my entire spring break.
If only I had said hello.
What's your decision? Mom or Dad?
Can't find my camouflage shirt anywhere.
A beginning. A middle. The end.
CTRL+ALT+DEL ... Task manager unresponsive.
Tried leading a double-life. Failed.
They ate the ones who cried.
In the end nothing really matters.
Democracy doesn't work in insane asylums.
We both lived. We both died.
Sorry. There can be only one.
"Screw humans. Let's create something new"
A story formerly undisclosed; no longer.
The Manhattan project destroys its namesake.
love is a disease, I'm terminal
Your death count is above average.
You die on the first page.
Ethyl and Methyl, blind moonshiner's daughters.
Letter came first. Flag came after.
Spent the year making things happier.
Our bracelet: Inescapable burden. Irremovable anchor.
It's all just ones and zeros.
"I heard voices!" *distance* "Me Too!"
Receipt read: speculum, pineapple, duct tape.
Sometimes I really do not know.
"They're only programmed to survive, sir."
Time will reveal the singular truth.
He exists only in this story.
(beep)....(beep)...(beep)...(beep)...(long tone)
can not travel. no excuses left.
Suicide was the only way out.
Guess you're not so "str8", huh?
"Resist everything" pan out for you?
Her passport was only stamped once.
I turned 20 years old again.
Stewardesses hammer on the cockpit door.
The final match failed to ignite.
Woke up alone again this morning.
In the end, war brought peace.
They're nightmares. Why? You're in them.
Never dreams, makes nightmares when awake.
You think you are so cool.
stop investing, he's a sunk cost.
Every Task Looks Easy when Completed.
"Is that Blood?" "Nah. Kool-Aid."
For sale: McConaughey's shirt, never worn
Defeat?! Wait! Just... one.. more.. turn!
We decided to name her Hope.
Food for thoughts : two for three.
Cellphone in alley displayed 9, 1.
Selfie with totes cray swag. #YOLO
It was the second "last time."
Torn apart to be left behind
"Get down now," she screamed forcefully.
"Kill," he said, The Red Mist.
Lonely birthday? Cheesecake! Wine! Smokes! Noose!
Is there 4G LTE in heaven?
Patient's wish died from cancer first.
"A baby would save our marriage."
Hello, this is flight 370 calling.
I traded roses for a noose.
Nothing is perfect in good stories.
Some doors opened. Most doors closed.
"Date? I thought we were joking."
Fell in love reading the obituaries.
Love story was sad. End wasn't.
You won't ever make it home.
100 monkeys, 100 typewriters: life story.
He'd never bought tampons before today.
"Because...she reminds me of you."
Everyone, is just dying, to live.
Broken people fix you the most...
My husband's eyes flickered, then disappeared.
Found my love, must break up.
If I knew what to say...
On the stairs, three a time.
None of man's devices survived him.
You got what you wished for.
We're too old to run away.
The knife made the bar plural.
He fixed machines that never broke.
Don't make me come back there!
With a flash he was captured.
In burn unit; wasn't an accident.
Plastic Surgeon Creates His Perfect Wife.
Senior year ended, rest in peace.
Sometimes I wish I was ignorant.
For sale: child-sized coffin, unused.
"I'm a Flight 370 pilot; AMAA."
Went to the doctor today. Cancer
The court's decision: he's been conflicted.
Heaven's not the same without you.
I found isolation to be cathartic.
dug too deep. stuck in america.
Morticians hate him! One weird trick...
And That's When The Guillotine Fell
I can't be everything to everyone.
Nobody's Experienced, We only Live Once.
"So next time...don't save me."
"Wow," she thought, "dad knows EVERYTHING."
The hammer fell. No shot though.
How could he? How couldn't he...
u u ns dp oo np
"Then she said stop..." "And..?" "Nope!"
Rebellion stifled by student loan debt.
Long sleeves, but it's Summer
Her, snoring beside me is Elysium.
That nigger called me a wetback!
"What am I good at?" *shrugs*
What? Why are we breaking up?
Tie knot: Get married, hang yourself.
She faced her end with dignity.
Six words: Six is Five.
I was drowned at my baptism.
In the shower; singing a duet.
I awoke next to a stranger
Killed the man who killed me
In time, he reflected. Big mistake...
I think, therefore I am. Duh!
Stars fell around us like rain.
I'm thinking of you, you're not
what does a vow mean anyway?
"Feeling of a tightened noose? Memorable"
I'm learning that I am beautiful.
I saved pennies for your dreams.
Today, we finally overtook Voyager One.
She pretended we'd never met before.
It's fucking cold in this coffin.
My child coffin business is booming.
Why can't I smoke? I'm dying.
They will fear me, it's nature.
Dream. Fail. Fail. Fail. Fail. Succeed.
5 o'clock shadow at 9am
We died, and were quickly forgotten.
Drive fast, leave a sexy corpse.
Time's up: pens down, eyes closed
It was only a little cobra.
Birth of Humanity? I was there.
Unzipping, he whispered, "Don't tell mommy."
Buy today: Pregnancy test, map, gas.
Death is only the beginning. Welcome.
The blood-soaked rag, rung dry.
"You won't need those cuffs anymore."
She whispered my name that night.
Birthday: Cinder-block shoes and a beach.
It was stolen, but what wasn't?
Yes, he once was my brother.
The winds of change sometimes blow.
"I didn't realize it was loaded!"
"I was there. 300 didn't die."
Then Russia encouraged Snowden: Release all!
Sorry Sir, we're out of waffles.
"This is Goodbye, forever", She said.
"I need you..." He whispered, alone.
Leave me be, it shall pass.
"Finally, everything's as it should be."
The Universe's Last Words: "We Won."
"We're never getting off this planet."
Abort! Abort! Abort! So she did.
"I'm not lying!" said the liar.
"You're... you're terminal." My smile widened.
Bought two tickets. Used only one.
Tough guy: got scar eating pussy.
Six word stories aren't sad stories.
"Sorry, wrong person," says Grim Reaper.
There's no "I" in psycho.
You're safe with me, I promise.
"Tick tock, the heart misses so."
I hope you're a good shot.
"Can I just buy one bullet?"
One, every single day, like clockwork.
"You do believe me, don't you?"
It's a plane full of snakes!
...three if by strange flying craft!
writer, not speaker... what's the difference?
The missing plane was found deserted.
His only escape was the trigger.
Saddest words: Good-bye my loved ones.
I don't wear my seatbelt, hoping...
Missing: Insomniac Cop. Last Seen: Undercover.
Wrestling Schwarzenegger's tank, crushing birthday cakes.
"Mom. Dad. I am dropping out."
Wait, did you press the button?
Four men dead. Only three graves.
What do you mean you're Shiva?!
Wife died yesterday. Kissed her today.
Find A smart girl. She left.
"Feed my sheep!", wheezed the pontiff.
Snowman blood covered the dancing child.
The sun didn't rise again today.
Prized Chemist Earns Living Selling Methamphetamine.
It was, then was not, me.
Judge, he removed the mattress tag!
GO!! NOW!! GET TO DAH CHOPPA!!!
I found love, but lost me.
Damn it. Accidentally killed myself, Again.
There's only room for the title.
The cameras won't stop watching me.
Wait, half-life 3 actually confirmed???!!!
He woke, thinking he was alone.
Oops I ran out of words!
My reflection turned away from me
Not procrastination. Just sudden writers block
That Freakazoid villain...his name was-
Ran butt naked without a care!
Can I steal you a drink?
I'm glad you came. Thank you.
I'm stoned. Uhh...three more words.
Facing west, watching the sun rise.
I'm the wound that bleeds truth.
The skeleton in me isn't mine.
She's stopped talking to me. Again.
Bought my chips, lost, then left.
The scariest words ever: "Message sent."
Point me to the nearest upvote!
The only prescription was more cowbell.
"What is wrong with everyone?" -Everyone
I saw nothing in my mirror.
Her old teddybear concealed the syringes.
Supermarket, Food, Cost 2, Had 2
It's time you woke up now...
I really love him... Don't I?
"SPONGEBOB!! We don't cook squid here!"
Mommy, what's that blue planet there?
At least the hallucinations noticed me.
Cures cancer, murdered by rival.
"Who you gonna call?", asked Casper.
Beware the Ides of March, mom.
SETI receives message: "Please stop calling."
Given humanity. Please, take it back.
Maybe someday we'll get it right.
Rick James is my spirit animal.
Dreams came true. Alarm went off.
Our technological advancements caused social regression
I was always there for you.
Her heart hammered, and she blinked.
Her eyes, her look, eviscerated me.
Discovered a website called reddit today.
His cane became his furious sword.
Souls rose when the bombs fell.
The rope is soft and pretty.
Don't worry, it only gets worse.
My sign is Cancer. Another coincidence.
You see? You were never alone.
Discussing old scars, planning new ones.
He wanted things to be different.
We discovered ourselves in each other.
World War III: Humanity found dead.
Alright, let's do this. **LEEROY JENKINS** !!!!!
"Is your mother still alive?" "Maybe"
Are games art? Mother says no.
Mental breakdown misconstrued as demonic possession.
"I guess, there isn't much light."
"She cheats on you," said his mistress.
"Not New York." Roy went on.
we started the rocket engines. goodbye.
Million dollar inheritance, goes to dog.
Morse curses the inventor of scissors.
Sorry, her insurance doesn't cover resurrections.
Halley returns in 2061. Nobody looks.
Six weeks due, three hours deceased
Spot's ghost still comes, tail wagging.
"Her perfume has life", handkerchief said.
Seems he had two left feet.
Only a blood stained wedding gown.
My greatest achievement was beating Minesweeper
Now I'm older than dad was.
Was it real? I'll never know
I never liked her eyes, anyway.
From nothing to something to nothing.
He killed him slowly. Check. Checkmate.
After that game his life ended.
He won! But then he awoke.
The moon wasn't falling. We were.
her mouth smiled, her eyes didn't
Starbucks found cancerous. North face bankrupts.
King never used the sixth string.
No witnesses, Supreme Leader. Problem solved.
"Stay!" I begged. She walked away.
"Die motherfucker!" Screamed the cuddly bunny.
The divorce and I live alone.
As punishment, God gave them immortality.
The plane crashed, the world shook.
Holiday
The best man, the bride agrees
Let it go. Heart says no.
Unfortunately, we actually won the lottery.
There is always one way out.
You had me at hello. Goodbye.
Bought cigarettes to finally finish something.
"I'll never change," she lied sweetly.
All alone, she saw two shadows.
I saw god the other day
For sale: Happy meal, never eaten.
the day tea was served late....
UFO came down. They were human.
I won't make it to 35.
They made it sinful to love
One more turn...one more turn.
Laughing, climbing, falling, snapping, bleeding, running.
I wonder if she remembers me.
I felt absolutely nothing for it.
Nervous, excited. First kiss. Cold lips.
Large Big Mac meal. Diet Coke.
Nervous, excited. First love. Cold lips.
If only alcohol tasted like you.
I press 'Enter'. It killed him.
I don't want anything. Just you.
Ma, I need more Rogaine money.
Usurp the light for Dark's sake.
One last drink before he went.
Where do we go from here?
"Hey, does this smell like chloroform?"
Burnt it all, laughed. Now lonely.
War, where fathers bury their sons.
They have stopped searching for us.
To be young again. And female.
Skid marks stop. Red stain starts.
It had to be this way
So his dad wheeled him in.
Surrounded by like minds, walls fall.
If I could, I would, but when?
Mom put me as emergency contact
That was deliciouswho was he?
The computer hummed. It hummed Beethoven.
"Ideas are bulletpro-"RATATATATA! "Well, fuck."
It's cold. The sun is dead.
Had sex. Got away with it.
No please! Don't take my children!
40th birthday, nobody called to greet.
It's like it never even happened.
That's not too small is it?
He thought while the machine waited.
"Driver's Licenses Suspended Indefinitely. Quadriceps Flourish."
She corrected the gunman's spelling. Bangg!
Thanks for the memories you whore.
I usually charge extra for that.
In the South, the fruit hang
Here comes, "We need to talk."
Doesn't that mean... That it's over?
Forgiveness floated far from forgotten fear.
I make violins, just to burn.
Wheel of cheese leaves eight dead.
"Let's try this," said the scientist.
He found peace in their blood.
But everyone's a little broken, right?
Girl undressed. Had junk. "Not again!"
Remembering is not an option. Goodbye.
"Siri: delete contact: Dad"
Dot in the sky. Dead pixel.
Drunken night turns into an apology.
Please, smile because of me, lovely...
Eventually, sunrays appeared, obscuring reddit's glow.
I'm stoned, I still feel everything
She spoiled me with her beauty.
/r/writingprompts has nothing on /r/sixwordstories. Wow.
"And your final destination, sir?" "Anywhere."
Too late to realize the map's gone.
"She died saving me", he sniggered.
She told me "I'm married" after.
We came, we saw, we conquered.
That's not good for the baby.
Sunday morning and water and regrets.
Their explosion? Just another twinkling star
A knock came from the coffin.
Googled nasty threats, feds appeared online
He died as he lived. Struggling.
Glasses do not reveal her flaws.
Unfinished painting. She was my artist.
The deafening silence kept him awake
Please tell me you didn't know.
His grip tightened, then loosened. Peace.
It's fine, at least you tried...
Zomboid. This is how you died.
I wish she didn't move away.
Near death experience, wasn't close enough.
Nothing left but fucking Buzzfeed quizzes.
My twin never left the womb
Lifes algorithm has a logic error.
She'll remember me, she has to.
Suicidal psychic wins lottery unexpectedly. Quits.
"Mom i'm thirsty." "Drink My Tears."
Anxieties. Voices. Responsibilities. Start running. Serenity.
No one deserves this. Maybe me.
Congratulations, you drink alcohol, nobody cares.
"Million dollar ideas! Not smart ideas!"
She was already engaged to California.
This is the remix to ignition
They dated; they don't talk anymore.
Wasp under eyelid help. Now dead
Already dead; time hasn't caught up.
Ate an apple. Doctor still came.
Your PMS is killing us both
Don't upvote. This is a test.
Faith healer quietly checks into hospital
Ironically enough, the overman was commercialized.
He Jumped. She Cried. The End.
Captain, is anyone alive? Captain!?... ...NOOOOOOO!!!!!
The memories of her haunt me.
The vaccine isn't working anymore, doctor.
Letter read: "self inflicted homicide."
Happiness is far away. Lets go?
He reminisced as he toppled over.
The panacea did not cure me.
She's anorexic. He eats for two.
Pretty sure someone's been in here
"Are you lying to me?" "Yes."
Terrified i'll wake from this dream.
Realize Right Now is Actually Past.
"You see? I told you so."
I'm back. Ready when you are.
Hey wait, where's my reflection going?
Swear to drunk I'm not God
We are not alone, said NASA.
Clicked random button, ended up here.
Got arrested, she was under 18.
Then the logical thinkers were terrorists.
Unmaked grave for my unborn child.
I was only trying to help.
He made love. I felt it.
...disappointed, "He's 'the one?'" I'm unsurprised
KIA without knowing the war started.
Sir, your daughter is gone. Infected.
Bullet Bill is now Bubble Bill.
Message written; message deleted, home screen.
I made love. She just fucked.
I saw. I conquered. I came.
The paraplegic weightlifter missed leg day.
I'm too cowardly to kill myself.
Wet dreaming while mom was dying.
Alzheimer's. He would never recognize her.
Having fully transformed, Jack Spidered away.
She said that last time too
Dear son, I'm somebody's hero again.
Give me a reason to breathe.
If only I had been cremated
Mother drank to mask life's aftertaste.
I used to have lucky socks.
What does the red button do?
We become artistic after broken hearts.
No more suffering. You're dead now.
You shouldn't be proud of that.
If you're reading this, I've disappeared.
How do I talk to you?
AIDS Became Airborne. Now I'm Normal.
Eight week erection pleased no one.
God got scared, so he prayed.
Thats a funny cartoon, laughed Mohammed.
"Oh shit, oh fuck," said God.
Overpopulation is no longer a problem.
Her tendency to yawn at gunpoint.
Dying only happens to other people.
The narcoleptic fell asleep at gunpoint.
"Your sister lives with Jesus now."
Happiness: dying before those you love.
Thankfully, Moore's Law finally broke down.
You're all I need  all I had.
Crying, she said, "One more wash..."
Time: the greatest destroyer of all
"Couldn't. She told me she's pregnant."
"... ," she said. "... ," he said. Love left in silence.
You are my best worst nightmare.
"I'm still a virgin," Mary lied.
Can't they see I'm still alive?
"No," he said, "That's your father."
She was perfect. I was blind.
Just like her scent, she remained.
People are sunflowers and the sun.
"You or me." "Or both." Bang!
I'm smiling less, and laughing more.
My first time? No, I lied.
Offscreen, Billy cursed her and left.
what's your engagement ring return policy?
Stories need a beginning, middle, end.
"You are dreaming yourself to death!"
Dogs prove friendships don't need words.
I pledge allegiance to Google Inc...
Won the lottery, still no cure.
Standoff. Clock struck. He winked. Bang!
Gifted prank lottery ticket to hobo.
Someone else smelled like you yesterday.
"And now what?" said Putin, annoyed.
I fell for you. It hurt.
She huddled close. His tail wagged.
Amnesia man told nobody. He remembered.
I won't forget how it felt.
Real men wear pink = Laundry mishap
Hell is reliving your worst day.
I don't know what's real anymore.
Don't you remember war torn Berlin?
"What's love?" "It's only a glitch."
Dawn approaches. My stranger sleeps. Leave.
Music pounding, heart slowing, wrong pills...
Hiring: Human shield. No experience preferred.
Immortal man receives life in prision
I just saw my reflection blink.
I think I've overstayed my welcome.
DiCaprio finally wins Oscar, wakes up
People fighting for a brighter darkness.
Gus: "So we meet again, Walter"...
Fell in love and lost myself.
Still think about our first kiss?
Long time ago, there was privacy.
It wasn't my face looking back.
I want to not care again.
With sticks and stones, revolution begins.
"I want that one!" said Russia.
War is happening. In real time!
He looked away and was blind.
She likes to. I need to.
Nothing hurts if you don't feel
"No, YOU keep the kids, JERK!"
I meditate, nothing makes me happy
Grim Reaper visited, she refused him.
Smile for me one more time.
Inherited millions, tax man took all.
In Heaven, we'll all be paupers.
Desperately searching for four-leaf clovers.
Needed clever story, six words sufficed.
Vodka's always more comforting than you
Sobriety brought the pain of love.
The demon led the man astray.
Have's have and don't have's don't
Stuck in limbo, I dance alone.
Once, I even fell in love.
Vending machine became a fatshaming mirror.
Earth placed in failed experiments drawer
Wrote a story, made front page.
Bob's RFID masters input kill order.
Six words just aren't enough, man.
Picked the locks with their claws.
I didn't save my best friend.
A bomb under the table. Waiting.
Birthdays, for people who aren't born.
"God's Plan" resembles having no plan.
Change. Or they will change you.
Last man, home alone, hears knock.
Needed milk. Went out. Got milk.
Caffeine bottoms out, Bourbon takes burden
How do you feel? I don't.
"Papa, Mama's dead for good, right?"
This time, revolution will be televised.
Yeah, I'm sure. Everything's gonna change.
Im not sure what love is
America responded: "Frack you!" Rex Tillerson
Bitcoin: a tax on the gullible.
For Sale: Large Condom: Never Used
Their new war provided conspiratorial cover.
A war provided cover for crimes.
For Sale: Wedding ring, gemstone missing.
No period, no alcohol, new life.
They laughed at his feeble powers.
She posted into the title box.
Dead banker crop proved evidence tampering.
Concise observation largely mistaken for wit.
This is not a love story.
Deep in a dream of you.
What if God is a lesbian?
FBI leads schizophrenic to commit suicide
Learn to love with your gut.
It's exactly the way I dreamed.
There's no one to bury him.
Waves crashed over her lifeless hand.
Student Revolt Imminent as _Starcraft_ banned
Something... in the painting. Is moving?
Hey son--"message marked for deletion"
The ring fit, said the undertaker.
Sitcom: Cannibal Warlord turned NYC taxicaber.
The agitated schizophrenic was beside himself.
I. Write. Stories. Like. This. Upvote.
His father was the first responder.
New gospels: Matilda, Mary, Lucy, Joan
Tired, God fell asleep on job.
Strangers. Friends. Best friends. Lovers. Strangers.
Fuck. I think I'm in love...
she lived and died inside me.
Unplanned son sunders family, plans change.
Locate. Probe. Saturate. Occupy. Bake. Enjoy!
Hit jackpot. Didn't blow winnings. Aneurysm.
Hit jackpot. Didn't blow winnings. Cancer.
Over my cold dead rotten body.
God eventually grew tired of us
"We heard good stories about pregnancy"
"forever?" he asked. "forever." she replied.
Hey E.T. sext "HOME" to (#Xexymorph)
Forgot what my face looked like.
Her smile widened; he couldn't escape.
"There's blood everywhere. It isn't mine."
Pot arrested, police cite racial discrimination.
I could have saved a life.
Alien vivisection reveals they are human
"President Snowden's career began in controversy."
His only offense was resisting arrest.
She spat it out and wept.
When God forgot he loved us.
Cain wasn't able : Abel got caned
"Please don't call your baby that."
Reese finally came for his piece
We're in love. You don't know.
"It's all okay." He squeezed harder.
"I Love You" became a test.
"I'll fix this." "No, you won't."
I have been a huge dick.
Murder
I felt death
First man on moon finds footprints
Their second date was the engagement
I killed myself three years ago
I threw acid at her twice.
Bruce embraced Jokers corpse. Now what?
In happier news: humanity finally contained.
Years teaching lessons we never learned.
His text caused her to crash.
Seventy-eight grams. That should be enough.
Strike hard and true, Jhn Snuu...
They came, he had no shells.
My bucket list was fulfilling hers.
Sorry, son. I always meant to.
"I pledge allegiance..." mimed the children.
You remember that I follow you?
"It's asleep. Do it now! Quick!"
I caught them all, save corrupted.
You are my one killer affair.
Bubbling from below; a tickled surface
"I'll never walk" "I don't care"
Shoulda kept my big mouth shut!
"Check. No, my Mistake. Check Mate"
I can't do all the caring...
"Mom,are aliens friendly?" "Some are"
"For sale: baby shoes, worn."
The corpse felt itself festering away.
2 am. Desperate faces seek validation.
For sale: worn shoes, never baby.
Cautionary tale: came, conquered, never saw.
Mother died today. Or maybe yesterday.
She called. He ran. He tripped.
He became the hospitals permanent patient.
Today Dad remembered us. He cried
Biological consciousness machine, still happy
She cried. His emotions remained unchanged.
No harm in one more drink.
"This is for your own good."
Her body was an editor's nightmare.
Forced union, forged peace between factions.
"Hurt me," asked the masochist. "No."
Lot For Sale: Some Fire Damage.
He went broke. She said yes.
Lost translations are forgotten in potatoes.
The tree was asking for it!
"Grandad says men once programmed machines!"
Yeti discovered. Appeared ill. Barfed skier.
I'd write in stone for you.
Yeti discovered. Appears ill. Barfs skier.
I didn't count on being happy.
Need gardener. Wife "friends" with weed.
He changed his mind, mid-fall.
Stone. Iron. Steel. Information. Stone again.
The "goodbye" went only one way.
The ice melted as he fell
Some words here are redundant. fish
"You've gotta' pay to escape, brother"
Olympic silver melted into suicide knife.
John was nice. His murder wasn't.
One life. One bullet. One goodbye.
Elmo was banned from the mime school.
Six? I can't even find one.
Wishing for more wishes? It worked.
He knows the hospital too well.
We have to keep Justin Bieber.
Six Chambers. One Bullet. Feeling Lucky?
META: Enough complaints on word limits.
these candlejack stories are getting kinda
"Look mommy, a UFO! What's...Earth?"
I don't have anything to say.
Im tired of unfinished six word
hell has a special place: here
It's a bus, not speed dating.
6ix word stories are never longer
Six words isn't quite enough to-
Fortnight without alcohol. I feel good.
I only upvote what Jared posts
I see humanity, but no humans.
Can't work today... no bus fare.
Now I'll never know her name.
I never got her number. Shit.
Laughs exchanged carelessly. Hearts, less so.
Meowington gasped. "Beloved spacesuit, irrevocably ruined."
He clicked, he was not 18.
I couldn't find what you need.
Mars colonists lose internet connection, forever.
Bang. Pang. The murmur had left.
Pilots dead, the plane flew on.
Daybreak came, the portraits were windows.
Beloved by all. Loved by none.
I have DID. No I don't!
Help wanted in killing some dreams.
I have Alzheimers. I have Alzheimers.
A new era starts. Nervous. Excited!
She said STOP, He ignored her.
Man mirrors God; dog mirrors beast.
All that was said, nothing was
forever we said, never it was
One sunny day, they stole her.
Deaths per capita always equal one.
Mom's home. We gotta go. NOW!
Constipated dog: food in, not out.
"Cremate me. Feed me to pigeons."
He persistently misused the word "articulate"
You were beautiful before cosmetic surgery.
Subreddit with jokes recycled economically? Here.
Best friends for sale - Animal Shelter
The crow flew higher and higher.
I submit to only the flask
We expanded our definition of "food"
Funniest short joke ever: My life.
And he saw it was good.
Lost without wandering. Lost in love.
He ordered tea, she ordered whiskey.
Error: Universe26.exe file corrupted. Delete? Y/N
File: Universe25.exe not found. Delete? Y/N
She said she wasn't the one.
top two most wanted: mama, papa
Here rests the nameless patriotic workingman
I want a lazy, summer love.
"Maybe being sad is just easier."
God died with the last human.
"For sale: baby. Shoes never worn."
And just like that everyone died.
Promotion means take more for less.
Finished "Outside." Let the games begin.
Woulda, coulda, shoulda. Didn't kiss her.
Well, that cinches it. No reflection.
Don't let me sleep alone tonight.
We can't afford a free market
Fact: A train is always training.
He smoked to die. She did.
"You will cope well" lied Dad.
I long for the red pill.
It's not easier; you get stronger.
Baby is born, lost the mother
A product of his father's failures.
Gilligan could have fixed the boat.
Once upon a time, God created the...
Hit rock bottom, then bounced back.
Initials carved in tree now void.
"You complain too much", he complained.
Update contacts. Another ex's surname changed.
depression
Another uprising? Call up my bookie.
The smell seeped under the door.
First invisible man hit by car.
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust.
He sleepwalked through the American Dream
Church organist has a silent funeral.
From hell I curse your name.
Across the river, pursuers waived spears.
I can't sleep, she's always watching.
A decision; vice or a voice?
Heart operation urgent, but not imminent.
half smoked Marlboro's between chemotherapy
He beat depression, but losses life
Dad left after Mom was diagnosed.
I came. I saw. I floundered.
A decision; a vice or his voice?
sold his mother for another hit
Say her name. Please. For me. (X-post /r/offmychest
Why d'ya hurt when I'm here?
his nightmares were his best friends
She was "pregnant." Now she's pregnant.
"Goldilocks, we would have shared!"--Bears.
"Friendships come and go--" ".....Just go"
One childhood paid: No medal won.
I love you. Why can't you.
She won't be back anytime soon.
One gold medal: Paid with childhood.
Humanity is alone in this universe.
Slept thousand years. I fear mail.
Please get in the car; no.
"I love you." Then he's gone.
Outsider in my home! wait. "Me?"
It hurts; it always comes back.
They beat us to the bomb.
Four years lost in one moment.
Tear gas is a good teacher.
A difficult adopted child: Buyer's remorse.
I was born, lived, and died.
The two remaining immortals divorced again.
The loving obituary sounded almost sarcastic.
She left. Forever will take forever.
Awake. Alone. Afraid. Stitched together wrong.
Not sick, bites fingernails almost daily
God replied to my prayer, "No."
I miss his voice the most.
Gatorade don't wash out easy, coach.
The sixth letter means failure. F.
Venice started as a practical joke.
She found happiness, just not here.
My dad's butthole looked nice today.
"Add As Friend", the saddest goodbye.
"Can it be?" whispered the mute.
Atlas Shrugged, then the sky fell
She said that she'd be here.
I see you everywhere I go
They'd surrendered! But... so had we.
"I don't care anymore," God replied.
Not living. Going through the motions.
Buy a suit. We're getting elected.
This feel...you. everywhere. STOP IT!!!
God shrugged, smiled and admitted "Dunno!"
Viagra. Four hours. Yes. Doctor, help!
He died before he had lived
I ate dinner for two alone.
There are no fair fights, ever.
...they don't call it "Amazing Cupid".
"It's filthy here.", said the E.M.T.
Velvet lips captivated his empty heart.
Eventually, the pain did heal me.
Surrounded by people, but still alone
But that's not supposed to exist!
Will we ever get past this?
Tonight, her date is the bottle.
My whole life is a lie.
Look at me; I'm a monster.
God doesn't listen, but Satan does.
Hello, Welcome to quarantine. Happy birthday!
Tricycle on crosswalk, one shoe undone.
Last year's Valentine's candy still boxed.
"Please don't, Dad" she plead, weeping.
When lonely, she loved me too.
Jerry's piano caught fire, melting him.
"...cancer," then words I didn't hear.
These drugs will be my last.
I'm a cell in god's body.
My hometown, dead. By my hands.
One punch knocked out eight hours.
Doctor accidentally eats an apple, disappears.
I think he's dead. Oh No!
Humanity's Father left to get cigarettes.
Alcohol tasted better than you anyway.
Paralyzed. Couldn't move. Watched her die
"I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me!"
At home, alone, sneeze, "bless you".
Talking dog: "anal will cost extra."
Cat got your tongue?... Wait. Literally?
I won't miss my cakeday again.
All of my clothes are shrinking.
He grew old waiting for her
I'm an Atheist with many beliefs.
I never accomplished all my dreams.
Pennsylvania roads have gone to hell.
We're sorry. Sometimes we get angry.
"'Freedom'? What's freedom?" asked the American.
[META] Something I saw in the classifieds.
Fuck me for doing this right.
Years later still waiting for milk.
"Time out" "What's up?" "Land Mine."
"What're you in here for?" "... reading."
"Two outta three?" said the loser.
"Maybe we shouldn't. I'm only 12..."
He was once a good man.
The Keyboard suddenly typed back.
Gay Man Still Missing In Russia
World's first real AI commits suicide.
"who are you?" mom asked me.
"lost my job!" his last words
Sheriff, my stripped shirt is yours!
Sorry you attended my funeral mom.
... There's been an accident
My pet one eyed rooster died.
He said "you are free". Liar
"Grand canyon, Pegasus?" taunted Icarus timorously.
watching you become desperate is entertaining.
I think, therefore I want death.
I come to kill your corpse.
I missed my best friend's funeral.
Lived natural causes, died natural causes.
[META] Can we redefine what makes a six word story?
Knowing my strengths isn't the problem.
Edward Snowden blamed for polar vortex
Son, stop hurting your mother; leave.
Taking a shower alone... *Camera shutter*
Aliens mocked Bob: "Limp dribble dick."
Freshest tossed salad in San Francisco.
A clown died. No one laughed.
In their bubble. the world disappears.
Unknowingly betrayed, damage spread too far.
Little eyes hidden, never to open.
Forever in darknes. Stuck in Utero.
"I'm Batman," growled Superman, confusing everyone.
Russia's TL;DR: Then, things got worse.
Son'uva bitch was a son'uva gun.
When pigs fly, it's never Delta
Child scientist invents time machine..again.
I called her again. Still nothing.
This will not hurt, did it?
This is a six word story.
Everyone is delusional, but not me
Happily, she said his last words...
When we can leave, I'm leaving.
Suicide bomber died in her demonstration.
My reflection looked past me, terrified.
Oh... my God. What is that?
It wouldn't fit - with that attitude.
Nothing Left. Everything went so quietly.
I hope he'd have been proud
Help wanted: Suicide bomber. Experience required.
I can feel you letting go.
it's not likely we'll survive this.
Survived for her, then survived her.
Everyone is delusional. Thankfully, I'm Jesus.
At least they had a parachute
The meatless taco caught my tears.
Had to learn in Dad's clothes
It's a job, not a vibrator
He said, "Do it." I refused.
Promise you'll never do it again?
Hostages snapped. Terrorists fell twenty stories.
One green, one brown: her eyes.
You'll do for now.
Lost at sea. Insanity setting in.
This shit look weird to you?
Cow's fart finally destroys ozone layer.
We met, we married, I murdered.
Life is a stalemate without Activity.
I'm alone at my own funeral.
Heads up: I won't be there
The taste of your kiss lingered.
Thanks for the brazzers membership, mom.
I guess she's his girl now.
I'm afraid. Your heart is heavy.
His nose just kept on bleeding.
Hopes and dreams don't pay bills.
She wrestled the hairdryer and lost.
Her calm pool ripple moved men.
My insanity is an acquired taste.
It is too late...I'm sorry.
You were my white picket fence.
The voices are all I have.
Her last text. 'No Cellular Data'
Aliens hacked Bob's RFID - circumvented erections.
Human Quest for Happiness is Relentless.
Her eager words continually disappoint me.
Her best friend, my worst nightmare.
A century ago, humans landed here.
Sir... have you seen my daughter?
Didn't recognize man in the mirror
I regret not having any regrets.
World History: war and more war
The real Slim Shady. He stood up.
Try enjoying life AFTER three wishes.
It only took one deep cut.
Most people hear but few listen.
Calculus test, physics test, pregnancy test.
I'm all out of whiskey. Again.
The words laugh when I write.
"Out!" I wait. Hisses at the cold.
Du bist kein guter Knstler, Adolf.
Woke up, that's not my husband.
Ignorant bliss; or false hope. Choose.
New head shop named joint custody.
"Tonight, we dance on her grave."
Shit. He cut the wrong wire.
"If we fail?" "We won't notice."
If everyone's different, we're all alike.
My eyes opened. "Is this heaven?"
The Arsonist Had Oddly Shaped Feet
Chose the right path. Lover left.
Mushroom clouds in my head Dad.
Stand up guy got stood up.
Stand up guys get stood up.
The slow ones are the happiest.
There is nothing wrong with death.
Wrote short story. Lived short life.
It didn't help. She still left.
Her dog's toys now collected dust.
Closed. Open. Naive. Open. Sunken. Closed.
What was I supposed to do?
Cyanide will solve all my probbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
Everyone ever, on a blue dot.
Grew fast. Proved difficult to kill.
Then economically independent commoners became terrorists.
A flag: folded, framed, never forgotten.
It should have been you instead
We are all special; discover mediocrity.
Dying? Try Soul Transmigrator! Call now!
"He's dead! dear god, that's me."
If Biggie and Tupac were alive.
The best listeners don't talk. Cats.
I've decided to quit smoking...again.
John Richards. Cause of death: Autopsy.
Somebody had stolen his suicide note.
He thought they were TOO kind.
Sigh. Yet another valentine's day alone.
Obese man can't climb heaven's stairs.
I'm feeling bored. You, fix it.
We just glide through life oblivious.
The downvotes mean they read it...
Spy found; marriage was a lie
On sleepless roads the sleepless go
Knock knock, bang! Police, search warrant.
Dead bodies don't just move themselves.
Don't love me. You'll get sick.
I don't know what this is.
Peace treaties took my job away.
Shuddering, I stared into the void.
"What is "I" you speak of?"
You were my hero.
"You'll be sorely missed..." "Silence, hangman!"
L-L-L-Lucifer? I'm...here to replace you.
Her raging hormones made whores moan.
At least my cat loves me.
Cops make awful "knock knock" jokes.
Lie to me jerry...just lie.
The bruises hidden, the pain remained.
Heroin loved him back; she didn't.
Sometimes, at night, it grows back.
Two planes hit. Three towers fell.
Holy shit, this subreddit is awesome!
You're tired? Walk in my shoes.
Lastly, his heart failed; fantasies untold...
Adam and Steve got married today.
I miss you when I'm drunk.
I'm really happy for it. Really!
"This bunker protects us from-" *COUGH*
And Bam, HSBC became your daddy!
The horse died. The beating continued.
It doesn't care; Life goes on.
We all lose in the end.
Then independently educated commoners became terrorists.
"I dont want you to go."
The Garden of Eden lay fallow.
Six more words than I need.
Phillip Seymour-Hoffman tragically passes away.
Without her heat....alcoholic trench coat.
It turns out I wasn't prodigy.
Much unknown; no one to ask
I preferred it the old way.
Class warfare infiltrate dines at Ritz.
Finally said I love you. Rejection.
Missing her is all it took.
We used to be so happy...
tons of work, gallons of tears
Earthlings convinced ugly, consumed "beauty" products.
We first met at your funeral.
Kids--we called this a "tree".
I picked up the razor again.
BIKE
The sky is orange. Marry me.
Paul awoke from his dream. "Jesus."
For Sale; Bronco's Jerseys; worn once.
He didn't hear his heartbeat anymore
This time, darkness did not leave.
Contractions seem to feel like cheating.
the dna came back. yep. waldo.
Honey, where'd you put the head?
[Meta] - Mod changes style. Looks for feedback.
His best day was his last
She finally confronted her fears: Death.
"Hold my beer", famous last words.
We can talk once you're sober.
Shouldn't have eaten the second banker
Paula fell in love with Paula
"Love you." "Love you more!" "Yeah."
You want to see my dick?
Saw one opened door, one closed.
Too late for her last words.
A perfect world we all hated.
Prick of a needle, pain gone.
Only six words left until I...
Just checked, still breathing. Too soon.
It meant nothing to me too...
Martin just forgot he had Alzheimer's.
...the familiar scent of burning flesh.
Thieves reading, story not half bad.
Eternity didn't seem so long, anymore.
"Slipped" off bridge, police told her.
"come to bed honey". I can't.
I think I'll always love you.
Novel ending created a new chapter.
We only had on the radio.
The path to enlightenment was abandoned.
She died from never being born.
Purple, if I wasn't painted black.
You will definitely regret this tomorrow.
Soooo drunk... Let's blog about Lambeosaurus!
Searching for flights, he clicks oneway.
A teardrop stained the last page.
The Mars Rover finds human artifacts.
They fell in love with words.
Smoke signals! More of us survived!
Every planet we reach is dead.
Orders be damned!, They shall live
The shower is the best philosopher
The serial killer printed another clone.
Destroyed army jacket in the Goodwill.
Psilocybin showed me we're all God.
The last man on Earth. Friendzoned.
Daddy, how far land? Just swim!
Debit card stolen, Chipotle on me.
"Audible sirens, can't escape in time."
Pancreas does nothing. Injections are needed.
My wedding dress? Throw it away.
James Bond forgot where he parked.
It's vital that you remain calm...
Cigarettes bring me closer to God.
I have defied gods and demons.
They stole everything I've ever owned.
Wanted: lion tamer. No experience necessary.
One email sender deleted the earth.
He must have found my pills.
We died to be together, forever.
Just out for a rip, bud.
My butt poops: now; forever; recklessly.
One day, things will be different.
Perhaps bad news is best unsaid
I've forgotten how to sleep alone.
The start of something new died.
I was born against my will.
Not married. Still wears wedding ring.
anything for a dollar but that
Met my soulmate. At her wedding.
Is the river running red? Anal.
She came. She conquered. She left.
Nonsense, by definition, makes no sense.
"Mopey love story." Give me karma.
I put her with the others.
Prophets or Profits. Worship Or Warship.
Suddenly the rain stopped. She fell.
Shia's story time: "For sale: baby..."
We slept together but dreamt apart.
These are the poor man's haiku.
Everything Just Wants To Kill You.
Rags to riches, execution to exhumation
She ate Five Guys for lunch.
She used me like a ladder.
we're not laughing with you. sorry.
R.I.P: 2021-2087. Unknown President: U.S.A
Never trust a fart after Mexican.
Her reflection did not wave back.
I loved her and she hesitated.
Computers reign supreme. Mankind becomes entertainment.
Immortality achieved by Immorality, you decide.
Too many skeletons. Too little sleep.
Seven whitewater rafters leave. Six return.
I wish I could unmeet you.
The crunch. Her screams. I'm next.
Thinking Outside the Box delivers Results.
Second language: English. First language: Unknown.
Suicides posthumously sentanced to eternal life
Sister pulled the trigger. I confessed.
consciousness is a dish best served cold
Sometimes you have to break the rules.
"Does this unit have a soul?"
We're all bleeding on the inside
Hey y'all, check this out! *crash*
We're gonna need a bigger boat.
I should've used a longer rope.
I won them over with asparagus.
New name. Same face. Unlimited possibilities.
This war is only a revolt.
Some stories are better than others.
I Submitted A Six Word Story!
"Is it cancer?" "No. It's worse."
Left my ring with my arm.
It is all a beautiful lie.
I fear I will become wise
New augmentations made the citizens sleep.
Left everything behind, found nothing ahead.
With small machines, they outpaced light.
"Just a short walk." she answered.
Interesting title. "click" ... Oh dammit, sixwordstories!
She stole my heart... with voodoo.
I wonder what this button does.
Some cannot dive below the surface.
They don't usually bleed this much.
Children of the Revolution? Worm Food.
She fakes it. He doesn't care.
On the road. Flat tire, nevermind.
"Sure Ron, tear down the wall."
It was a test. You... passed.
For sale: Hemingway book, never read.
So last night I killed myself
Come home. We all miss you.
Acquitted!!! But he knew the truth...
Death? What? No, of course not.
I dreamt that I actually smiled.
Boat capsized. Glad I'm a fish.
Bereft, he's lonely, to the bones.
Testing the waters? Safe. Dive! Shark...
"Happy anniversary." Spending it alone again.
Your all right, but mostly left.
Window for sale, looked through once.
I will be the next Hitler.
They imagined laughter inhabiting gray ice.
Young, haggard head bent over keyboard.
Not New. Not Improved. Still beloved.
I know just what to do.
The pen is mightier than--Ouch!
One man left. Finally, world peace.
Daylight came suddenly. So did Camilla.
The Devil winked, adjusting his tie.
With years, congratulations turned to commemorations.
Dude...is he fucking your cat?
The Sun paints while Earth crumbles.
I was born and hilarity ensued.
Extra wide coffins are morbidly obese.
Remember that once there were 'Seasons'.
"You need to be strong!" "....No."
Blunt past, so i'm not sharp.
My hate towards myself, forever gone.
This world is a crazy place
I just lit a huge joint
"I've heard about technology" "Awful thing"
She was not happy being mean...
Got lost, looking for your sign.
"Target located. No civilian casualties." "Roger."
"That symbol's a Swastika." "...looks pretty."
Personal ad, simply, was "Available now."
Lovers duet: crescendo, crescendo, fermata... release.
"So... I swallowed the pills. Goodbye."
Where is the egg? Keep swimming!
It looked mad; I went left.
The cannibals' clever euphemism? "Long pig."
Saving the hostages lightened his badge.
Pills taken; inner voices temporarily silenced.
"No.Yes.Nooo.Yesss.Nooooo.Yes."
Every death is one step closer.
Old nails for a new messiah
The crew was lost, but not accidentally.
The bat ruined my garlic necklace.
He's schizophrenic, I said, being Frank.
It rained 'til even love dissolved.
"Where did the hope go?" - Asimov
Adult Male, Turn Tale! Brown Snail.
The murderous cacophony of reality. Snooze...
Slew my heart with her excuses.
I love you...OOPS wrong person
So "she" is actually "he"? Fuck..
Arrived in hell right on time.
"Don't touch my apple tree." -God
I need to stop overthinking everything.
Nothing but a scruffy nerf herder.
I might as well be alone.
"A patriotic ejaculation of stupendous cryptogibberish."
"Where's the fucking smite button?" -God
Welcome to oblivion. Enjoy your stay.
I see the Assassins failed. Again
She made me forget about heartache.
They had already chosen a name
Had a dream death came. Bliss.
Today I smiled, as you fell.
Saw something weird. Nobody believed it.
Only uses bathroom after she eats.
They didn't notice me being gone.
"Are you male or female?" "Human."
I was the only survivor left.
Deleted stories could have freed me.
Strolling through dreamworld. Running from life.
Magic modem connects to 1999 Internet.
She loves everyone. Doesn't get loved.
$2 spicy taco's. Ring of fire.
My best friend was never there.
"Salvation," read a sign among corpses.
Want to scream. Have no mouth.
Life and death, finally mutually exclusive.
They didn't bother with a coffin.
Black bishop captures queen. Interracial treason.
I loved him. It wasn't enough.
Shocking: Recently commited man commits suicide
Crosshairs slowly focussed in on him
Ancient Egyptian women were cat ladies.
"I miss you." "...Get out, now."
She went missing searching for herself.
Syria Continues, Terrorists Everywhere, Enough Questions
Cocaine nose. Coffee isn't working anymore.
"Foodproduct #4 is particularly tasty today!"
On her birthday the mailbox was empty.
"Going to bed..." "Ours or his?"
I love you. You love her.
Bough broken--but babe remains buoyed!
You act, like it's your idea.
"Where are you?" Said to himself
Hello Again
Hell didn't work out for me.
Lacking inspiration, I pounded out another
I floated forever in your eyes
Front Page News: Plagiarized Stories Popular
Cursive is not taught here, anymore.
Death and happiness, are they different?
Started today homeless, ended with abundance.
I never metapost I didn't like
They fucked to change the subject.
The past that killed a future.
We Don't Go To Raven-Holm.
Me, manipulative? Welcome to the mirror.
Went to cut power. Phone rang.
"It's bigger on the inside!""Yep."
"It's always my fault," he said.
They're her screams in my dreams.
His personal mythology ended quite abruptly.
I hear it too. Always. Everywhere.
Please put down the rusted knife.
Everyone else is so in love.
Alone in the dark... "who's there?"
She took everything, including light bulbs.
Soldiers victorious. Successful strategy. Poland invaded.
he shouldn't have eaten taco bell
Got stoned, made music, had sex.
Two hands clasp desperately. Falling together.
Double Twin Bed; Meant For Us
Can't believe she took my dog.
Attempted suicide and succeeded. Still here.
Pizza man was at the door!
Sometimes I just cant help but...
All I need is one bullet.
Plaster did what they could not.
Feet touch the earth, connections grow
Three fingers were one too many.
Love can make a week, eternity.
Gave a wookiee cocaine. Big mistake.
Front line soldiers were issued blanks.
He died as he lived; fabulous.
Looking at her will always hurt
Twin quits band, cites creative similarities
All famous people die in threes.
Lived. Loved. Betrayed. Despaired. Drank. Crashed.
Two millennia later, it lay dead.
Christie's chances: A bridge to nowhere.
Don't leave the fucking boat, man!
The noose did feel surprisingly comfortable.
Its blade glided through his chest!
The ISS is gone. Everyone's dead.
Acid. I'm blind. So's justice.
Kindness: a dying supply of thought
I've got two tickets to paradise.
Remnants attempt to rebuild their God
So much to give. No takers.
Walker, Lugo, Adams; Marlow, Kurtz; - Darkness.
He's hot. He's slow. He's cold.
I'm a lesbian with a penis
Married young, on the Kindergarten playground.
Soldier returns, two lovers. One bullet.
Oh great, three generations of morons.
nothing tastes better than being thin
This right here is my name.
"All alternative authorities approve, alright?". Armageddon.
I tried. Not nearly enough. I failed.
I saw the cat's small casket.
My six word stories go nowhere.
The untaught history. The glorious dead.
Wife yelled his name last night.
Colliding fates killed all innocent bystanders.
All these stories are about death.
She was looking at me, smiling.
Marriage could handle anything except growing.
"Mom! Help!" There was no towel.
Please help, a sniper is targeting-
Simulacrum in blue. Not my brother.
Not murder, just a postnatal abortion.
He just sat in his heartache.
The last time I was happy.
I love you, you like me.
She fell hard, but then recovered.
Gangstas. Beats. The key of G.
I hate that I cannot love.
He fell, her screaming his name.
If only they had read this...
Police lights? Rave party? Perhaps both.
Don't stop, I'll get more lube
kicking and screaming, he dies alone.
Lost legs. Came home. Lost ring.
I painted the painting painted me.
"Edgar's the one in the hold!"
Constitutional Republic son...not a democracy.
...the pieces of a shattered existence.
True wise men tell no tales.
Earth's blood drained for motor vehicles.
History history history repeats it's self.
I'll need more than six words.
Need trade: Twin Stroller for Single
"I love hating all of you."
PRIVACY POLICY: (Only applicable to elite)
Choked to death on cyanide pill.
"Murder" Bob did it again, Surprise!
Prettier to draw than look at.
Lived. Loved. Died. Buried. Exhumed. Eaten.
I'm not insane. Bottom. Fish. Bananas.
Faked Life, Nobody Noticed, Killed Myself.
The arrow had struck my knee.
Remembering everything, I laid the flowers.
"But why mother?! Why kill her?!"
"Carry on," said the suicide note.
"She needs to know. Tell her."
With just two words, she left.
Stupid deaf genie heard "giant pianist."
"How did you get my number?"
Name change: no longer a junior.
He liked to read about writers.
She stopped screaming. I stopped caring.
Charity contributions plummet with Ponzi-schemer's incarceration.
Unhappiness now illegal. Punishable by fun.
I am now spelling it "Pootine".
I miss you, but he's home.
With Ponzi-Schemers incarcerated, charity contributions plummet.
I can't remember how to forget.
Drank milk. Puked blood. THANKS...mom.
She used her tears as lube.
Satan slithered away, satisfied and smiling.
I saw her reflection; my only enemy.
My Heart? Beating. Across the room.
Great six word stories from around Reddit
Puzzled, the child suggested, "just hug?"
Lost communication before guilt to suicide.
The happiness rebellion is drawing closer!
"I will, if I'm alive tomorrow."
/r/sixwordstories was funny for a second.
The gun shakes as I do.
This place is depressing, let's sell.
I hope I find her soon.
I'm in a misty-eyed mood, motherfucker.
I was going somewhere. Then reddit
We are in someone's fish tank.
Butter knife, what a life, anyway.
Getting published isn't necessarily that difficult.
Matching epitaphs. Four days and married.
Wanted: Invention and idea brain sucker
She knows when to use "forsooth."
I.E.D. took his ring. She stayed.
Would way easier prepositions not necessary.
Adopt the underprivileged children of America!
Quota of dead baby stories exceeded.
Be careful. They look like us.
I found home on another continent.
Go away before you know me.
Two time Oscar nominated Jonah Hill
She thought Mommy would wake up.
Sally thought Mommy was just sleeping.
Pork tastes better with more *anise*.
Tell me your inbox is lying.
Little Sally thought Mommy was sleeping.
This place is depressing, lighten up. :)
That robot had a NY accent?
Neck tie noose. Snap! Let loose!
The biggest coffins are the heaviest.
I asked, silence was my answer.
Derrek's distractions didn't delay Destiny's device.
"WAS a soldier", his voiced cracked.
Was Your Dad, Now Your Mom.
You can't patent stupid? Guess again!
This subreddit's sad. Cheer up, people!
The world's full of empty people.
A seemingly innocuous subreddit becomes depressing.
Don't ever fall in love alone.
The numbers matched! I've finally won!
Big fish eat the little ones.
He cheated. She lied. I'm alone.
And so the crib lay empty.
The story contained only six words.
why are these all so sad?
Tonight was our second first date.
Here I lie. They're all leaving.
"I'm no monster; I'm a visionary!"
In death, we have a name.
Arms are sore. But family is fed.
Are you a Good Guy Greg?
"Sad is happy for deep people"
The smallest coffins are the heaviest.
Shanghai gridlock. Ambulance ETA: 1 hour
Your perception of me, deciets you.
Hell froze. I forgot ice skates.
I Love My Best Friend's Sister
Time is all that's left now.
Even on good days, its bad.
Then I heard one hand clapping.
She said she would be here
Why are these stories so sad?
His first, and last day off.
Long distance relationship. Googling local obituaries.
"Thanks for the beatings" - The alternative
John Jr is now just John
Snowcones taste sour to a psychopath.
He buried loneliness in her chest.
I fear you'll never be mine
He had moved too far east.
Presidential surgeon. Bribery. Scalpel slipped. Blackmail.
"I just don't care for hazelnuts."
"Howdy-doody my niggers" R.I.P John Goodman.
Today ends. Tomorrow begins. Futures bright.
Guile's theme goes well with this.
A pedophile's favorite chord? A minor.
Can anyone please talk with me?
Self-amputation feeds my blissfully unaware children.
Woman with brown bruises forgives husband.
Dark secrets, hidden behind a keyhole.
Time is relative, seconds aren't.
If I only had one more...
Where the hell's my life going?
Actually, being dead ain't half bad.
HIS LAST WORDS "MY NIGGER"
Wait, are we the real terrorists?
God saved me, not sure why.
The actress was unaware of the plot.
Rest in peace again, Walt Disney.
In the future everyone is black
The voices are getting even louder.
Futon, Advertisement, Tonics; Forest, Inspiration, Triumph
Apparently, the earthquakes were their fault.
The white father's stillborn was brownskinned.
Every month, the blood came back.
The username or password is incorrect.
I hope she's everything I'm not.
Foot. Lego Brick. A manly tear.
You just won two million dollars
White father's stillborn has brown skin.
Hungry again: degradation was worth food.
Moms Against Procrastination: tomorrow's meeting canceled.
Float stones on our drifting dreams.
Holding hands that you don't trust
Day 2, I have become sick.
Here Is What She Said: That's.
He was cursed with being unique.
I am dying. Inform Hugh Hefner.
Nobody is looking somebody around here
What if Santa never made it?
he's afraid of the future... good
"Not you again!" "Indeed, your Highness."
She knew. I knew.'Twas over.
Aliens organically inseminated the rogue creature.
Plot twist: She actually is pregnant.
I love her. She loved me.
Tomorrow was the day I died.
I don't know how I live.
Borne by; birthed from; breathed: music.
The sewer drained the human rain.
She died. The cat never returned.
She said, "Let's try something new."
Before, we never feared the night.
If I can die, I will.
Wanted to experiment, now I'm fabulous!
Miss Carriage named spokesperson of StrollersRUs.
Buried before her body was cold.
'Hood was red, rolled riding shotgun.
I sighed and answered the call.
So far, nobody's noticed I'm gone.
Pedophilia was legalized. You're free now.
There used to be stories here.
New craze: selfies during the apocalypse
New diet: six dollars till Friday.
Courts categorized churches as for-prophet.
The results are: "We are alone".
Optimist Dies in Half-Full Tub
Picnicking aliens forgot pets. Adam. Eve.
Can't sleep. Clowns will eat me.
Can't sleep, clown will eat me.
The dragon sought her as treasure.
Surprisingly. Puppy was a fantastic president.
I can't sleep, it's watching me.
He killed me with unsaid words.
Six word stories. Much amusement. Wow.
Raisins kill dogs. I killed Keo.
Yes, but he won't be me.
Dark times when murder is sport.
Bonfire, Barbecue...her funeral was simple.
Dad said we can't kiss anymore.
Never got to hear her cry.
Before the accident apples tasted sweet.
I always count all six words.
Warning: Don't apologize; I will snap.
Holding a kaleidoscope of shattered dreams.
I'm studying her. She's witnessing me.
Dunking contest: how I beat Shaq.
After the wise king, the republic.
With the fishes, rest in pieces.
Child calls his father / imitation / captor.
I look for you in everyone
Stranger came to call, never left.
I felt her warmth turn cold.
I promise to love you undependably.
Single mother buries her only child.
KEEP FIRING, YOU ARE ALREADY DEAD!
Is she okay doctor? Is she?
Congratulations, you succeeded in hurting me.
New intergalactic law prevents attention hoarding.
Sometimes forgot where things always go.
I just bought a cool toboggan
Can I return this engagement ring.
one shot, two deaths, one suicide.
The bomb went off. Confetti everywhere!
When does armageddon begin? We're bored.
House burns, baby cries, dad's outside.
Six words eh? Rules were meant-
Planned for honeymoon. Attended funeral instead.
Creativity banned. World falls into neutrals.
machine is in loop. The time
Men that Bleed can be Beaten
"I'm a human among sheep!" -Everyone
No assasination today. Target in labour.
I really fucking hate this subreddit.
I (secretly) changed the kids' guardian.
A man, sitting still. The end.
Everyone's a clone except me, right?
I'm smothering her with my loneliness.
Spot among spots. Pale blue dot.
Expensive food but crappy toilet paper.
Man falls, rope snaps, life saved
She died. Nobody knows she lived.
He called himself but didn't answer.
Heaven? Too much paperwork for me.
"Six words..." She muttered. "Plagiarize Hemingway!"
"Amelia Earhart! What're YOU doing here?"
First the bombs. Then the ducks
First post: /r/relationships. Last post: /r/suicidewatch.
No News tonight, only emergency signal.
From nw n nly rck dts
Lisergic deodorant turns odors into colors.
Sorry, I have no leftovers today.
We're not the only space travelers
Humans reject me, but animals don't.
All secrets known, instantly, causes chaos.
Died of embarrassment; revived by revenge.
It read; Don't Dead Open Inside
Weep with me, my little Creeper.
Every war is a civil war.
We blinked and they were there.
Death. Closed eyes. Open eyes. Eotopia
The broken man attempts self-repair, again.
Street musician stabbed to death. Hallelujah.
Incompetent assassin saves a life instead.
Did you know I can count?
You taught me to hate myself.
Google, Apple, Facebook: Our gracious Overlords
I kept going, you can too
He stole my heart. And wallet.
I won't give up on you.
We are all victims of circumstance.
Community Challenge Ten results never unveiled.
She sits and smokes life away.
But I didn't shoot the deputy
Nature and technology against our humanity.
Time traveling Mozart visits Mothership Connection.
29990m behind me. 10m left. Awesome!
I'll die alone. I've earned it.
Life isn't fair. But it's good.
This story is only five words.
This is my new favorite thing
He took her innocence for immortality.
One empty revolver. No more fighting.
'Mouth-fucking is filthy', it laughed.
Colorblind racist dreams of exterminating greens.
Bright and early, feel'in pretty gnarly.
"sorry, mommy" whispered the closet boy
I woke up covered in blood
Ken lost it when Barbie left.
Happiness? It's in an orange envelope.
sitting here thinking about over there.
First Valentine ever! "Love, from Mom"
What's worse? They kept me alive.
"I'm sterile, doc." "Inconceivable!", he chuckled.
Forever is all you need today.
When we were wed, we wept.
"Wait! This one's atheist. No music."
Within seconds he ruined her innocence
This Chinese Obamacare is slightly red.
He's the first stowaway to Mars.
Born lucky, thinks he is skilled.
I mistook their sympathy for jealousy.
Stole a car, using my phone.
Then investigative journalists became the terrorists.
He gasped. She looked like rain.
I lie to myself about myself.
He came early. Now she's late.
Death is dressed in scrubs today.
She snored like a drunken Sailor
He fucked me. I fucked him.
Had drugs, had fun, then died.
In my dreams I'm not blind.
Another photograph with our fake smiles.
I wish I didn't love you.
around Stumbling, couldn't straight he think.
It's from China; always from China.
I don't mind falling to pieces.
Never say your life is cheap.
Stars aren't looked at enough anymore.
Father wouldn't stop. We stopped screaming.
I just saw my reflection blinked.
taxidermy booze coozies ooze with sophistication
Widowed sub now only punishes himself
God told me He didn't exist.
The cult sacrificed her. Cthulhu rose.
Cockroaches attracted to saliva, study finds.
Conceived (immaculately). Lived (compassionately). Died (temporarily).
Short Story Still Short Substance
Froze to death in Global Warming.
Thyme, terragon, timer set. Dishes wet.
Mars rover camera spots alien rover.
Cigarette old man....? "Arggggg! My eye!"
Tooth nicked lip. Seven day sore.
Six word stories? I have one.
"They shouldn't have coffins that size..."
All I wanted was a peach.
My imagination has powers. Horrifying ones.
Letters written every day; none mailed.
You have the right to remain--
Called the Dead, Put on Hold
Selling parachute. Used once. Never opened
The global population began to plummet.
It's my turn to make tea.
If this is it, I'm happy.
Created state, slowly,carefully and legally.
We have to amputate right now.
No time. Help. It's about to...
Your pants are on fire, Liar.
Didn't want to Read it anyway
I'll be honest. I lied... again.
They blame God, because he quit.
I won "I love you more"
I've decided, February is my last.
I wish you ran after me
And so I live by myself.
I wanna live in the wild.
thisis onlysix wordsin oneshort story imade
If it helps, feel free to.
last pair of shoes in Arkansas
Twilight Zone on Netflix. Mind expanded.
"Lights out," he said, gun pointed.
The shirts all said "Be Unique."
Give him a warm whale cum.
"I couldn't help myself." "I know."
Unintentional six word story? Repost from. . .
I grew up. My friends didn't.
Then turned the gun on himself.
The heavens said, "not for you."
Love hurts an unlovable spectator most.
The handcuffs were not tight enough.
I swore I'll never be happy
The worst part was I lived.
I turned around. She wasn't there.
we went to war for oxygen.
"Didn't I lock the front door?"
"Baby, I'm cold!" "Yeah, it shows."
If we're lucky, someone else wasn't.
No, I really did just fart...
Would Trotsky have preferred Italian ice?
We didn't Win, Got consolation Prized....
Feared the line, not its end.
Never finding anything worth living for.
Woke up. "Rise and shine, campers!"
If you see me again. Run.
The gavel fell, scared no more.
But then she said, "I'm abstinent."
His nightstand held her wedding ring.
She grabbed his hand, ignoring coldness.
Now slightly moist and oddly exhilarated
Live sports? How quaint! Watch online.
I'm guilty, but not for this.
Ipsum lorem: Hidden Web Design Cult.
A poet fell for me. Hilarious.
We wasted not, but still wanted.
But one time don't change everything
They passed roses through the fence.
I'm synthetic but I feel real.
Run, human, while you still can.
Warning! Quarantined ship. Infected crew aboard.
They look human. Trust no one.
Dear mom: I don't love you
The more depressing the better, right?
"Some sacrifices were made" "Too many"
"Blood is thicker than Sangria, Helen".
Everything tastes better with cheese. FACT.
Her new prostheses necessitated some alterations.
Singular consciousness discovered. Billions disappear overnight.
Love is more dangerous than alcohol.
A broken-hearted, always wondering: What if?
Everyone saw God click "File-Delete."
He called me her name. Again.
She was worth the life sentence.
"The save file has been corrupted."
Testicular Cancer
Girl next door smells like you.
"My life is built around lies."
Presenting the ever pristine Priestess Phryne.
Autocorrect causes cannibals legalized in Colorado.
Got on one knee. She hesitated.
The predictions were wrong. It's beautiful.
When... how... do I wake up?
Don't reply. Delete this. I'm sorry.
He cried rape. They said "Nice!"
More than a one night stand.
Cause of death: Shot by Cupid.
The stars were replaced by airplanes.
Be afraid, your nightmares were real.
No, this is not our home.
New year. New marriage. For her.
He tasted like champagne and tears.
Her song was actually a spell.
New years resolution... sabotage others' resolutions.
Today, I forgot what I loved.
New Years. Asleep alone at 10.
Glowing ember illuminated darkness, she smiles.
World peace? Not with humans around.
If you take a Monkey, and . . .
She finally said "daddy" for real.
New beginning similar to old ending
I can still hear their screams
You're good, but Heaven is full.
Inspired, misanthropic, loving life, feeling gone.
As I fell. I knew bliss.
Celebrated Christmas in a strip club.
Welcome to America. Your barcode, please.
She's with him, the luckiest man.
This is how you road rage.
The sun stories outnumber the days.
I can't wait until it's over.
Dear New Year: BRING IT ON.
Last breath. Pull lever. Restart humanity.
This Christmas, she gave him away.
"Imma let you finish..." - Kim Kardashian
They covered him with the sheet.
"Please, talk to me" -Widow's husband
"Sweep the leg!" so I did. 
Beer tastes good when its drunk.
Upside to nuclear meltdown: Four-leaf clovers!
Murdered by transphobia. Misgendered in eulogy.
The Dogs dogs dog dog dogs.
Boobs like hers?  Mother Nature's Gifts.
Until yesterday, money never concerned me.
"Submit, earthling." | "Never." | "DIE." | "Too late."
Soulmate located: Half a world away.
'Left you behind, still love you."
It's ok babe i'll just masturbate.
Born a mistake, died by mistake
Tumor removed. She signed the papers.
Good school, no way to pay.
Remember when we used to think?
"I'm buying a house." "Please. Wait."
War over, his belt killed him.
She cried as the blood ran.
Went hiking.  Found body.  Wasn't earthly.  
Medium lauded, ghost derided as narc.
She realizes her beauty too late.
Not even my hand loves me.
Arrived in heaven. Can't find Dad.
I don't like who I am.
I love you so fucking much.
One more push! Its a.. Uhm...
Morning - left-over turkey, bloody carpets.
This one time, at band camp...
Daddy, mommy won't wake up. . . Daddy?
I came out. They walked IN.
Oddly, we thought ourselves the liberators.
I moaned, and grabbed the tissues.
Chugged the forty, grabbed my keys.
Expected STORIES, not quips.  Left disappointed.
Blood splattered violently onto the walls.
Zombie Hemingway bellowed: "These aren't stories!!"
"We don't know what stories are."
Without her, those around me smile.
I will never forget my father's scent
Sometimes the truth is corn poops.
Has anyone seen my fathers glasses?
Booty booty booty booty rocking everywhere.
The glint of iron, then death
Oddly, we thought ourselves liberators.
Full Moon's Dagger; An empty Heart.
The note read, "Sorry, got curious." 
Won lottery.  Can finally visit Newark!
i discovered an elegant proof which
"Quotes make everything look insightful." - me
"I think you're cute." "I don't."
"Quote make everything look insightful." - me
Took him up, brought me down.
I was happy but nobody cared
Hungry. Cold. Empty. Broken. Still smiling.
Hope springs eternal. Condoms spring leaks.
Marvin Gaye. Nine months. She's mine.
This subreddit will be happy now.
Love is all you need.
He wept as the man reloaded.
Boring people don't change the world.
Salty sex, sour grapes, sweet revenge.
Laika, one hell of a bitch.
Happiness in six words is unobtainable.
Thanks, Space Cowboys. Time to Die.
We say goodbye; our love continues.
I came too quick. She laughed.
I came out. They walked out.
He beat me. I was his.
This subreddit is really fucking depressing.
If walls could speak, mine'd lie.
Relaxed; it's bored with a smile
I gave up faith long ago
He ain't gonna e mail you!
I wish I could be different!
Nobody wants me to live life
I'm not living, I am alive
She stole my heart and fled.
...but her fiance gave me AIDS...
Talking to myself again.  Am not.
Yearlong Tour. Handed 2 month old.
I brought flowers. She brought wine.
never stop smiling. it gets better  
Intoxication became normal. Normality stopped existing.
"Happy Eighteenth Birthday!" "She's not yours"
"Seven letters, means 'backstabber'..." "'Jessica'. Definitely."
Eventually, the bastard child became me.
For whom am I responsible? - Cain
If only he'd had medical insurance. 
"This is my year!" Every year.
"One does not simply-" "Shut up!"
We shall now jerk the circles
Her smile exists to kill me
Looking back, a single tear fell.
"Write now.....or tomorrow. Never happened."
I don't get half of these.
"Himmler, glass of juice please"
Beat it once, Now its back.
I just never finish anything
"We were not first" - Neil Armstrong
I'm a guy. So was she.
She crippled herself, learn to accept it.
Life is long......Death is longer.
He was fine... until she asked.
day 38: the voices have returned
"I did it for the money."
I am the giant. Be patient. 
"Half mast"..."Third time this week"
Package; ticking. Wrapping; ripping. Walls; dripping.
How was your meal, Mr. Dahmer?
"They'll never know," He thought smugly.
Depression. Motivation. Elation. Observation. Reflection. Depression.
The butterfly just fluttered on by.
Noodles is a man with dignity.
"Event for 2013? Sorry, not attending."
The elephant in the room died. 
Two happy homes.  One empty one.
Doc, should we reboot my arm?
"She's depressed."  "No, she's just quiet."
The doctor's news brought them tears.
Suddenly awake, gripping blanket tightly. "Hello?"
Reaction without hesitation can be devastating. 
Banged your sister. Shit was cash. 
Ever since, I have feared cemetaries. 
JewBoy, you may kiss the bride.
Woke up, dinosaur was still there.
I forced a smile. "I'm okay."
Mr. President, tear down this wall.
He's home early!  Use the backdoor. 
"But -" "Shut up and keep digging."
Patience Gone. Gun Empty. Regret? None.
Noodles doesnt wanna talk about it
Noodles doesnt want to know you
Did I ever matter to you?
"its already begun...Restraint is failing." 
I called her back. He answered.
He ate like he had to. 
The memory would not go away.
Noodles doesnt want to talk about it
They heard him hit the ground.
"We the jury, find him guilty."
Alien life discovered in patients colonoscopy 
" ... fast as my heart can fly."
"I can't believe you're serious
Mom fucking lied. Dad did call.
This silence is tearing us apart.
I drank her squirt. The drink?
Dude, she's out of your league. 
Surprisingly, the zombies were quite civil.
My last meal was a bullet. 
Get off reddit. I am horny.
"Lie to me." "I love you."
"Mommies eat first," said the cannibal.
Bride died, lied, tried, cried, fried
Accident? No, you were a mistake.
You ready? Dump the bodies first.
contractions really count as six words?
Fake bugler's "Taps" failure. Batteries dead. 
Tissue in hand, relieved yet again.
Tissue in hand, depressed yet again.
Drenched tissue in hand, yet again.
Drug war prison sentences creates slavery.
It stepped closer, my gun jammed...
Awoken by the sound of gunfire.
You'll be all right. Or else.
He winced, she smiled, dildo vanished.
My drunken creation turns three today.
Jumping in head first... bad idea
dying for a way to live
Tomorrow's my anniversary of being lonely.
I got raped, you had sex.
Meaning isn't found, it is created. 
One bullet left. Dad or mom?
It's okay son, just pull the trigger
No presents this year. Sorry. -Granddad
Did I just get stood up?
Suicide right before the bomb dropped
He spoiled virtue like curdled milk.
No... Yes!... MAN!... Gets em everytime.
Went to sleep, as a father.
pregnant? it was not rape, then
Woke up, neither hungover nor heartbroken.
I'd rather not discuss it, Officer...
One gallon a flush...For pee?
You can read upside down, right?
You can't. Watch me. Call 911.
First post to Reddit... Been freaking out children with these things for years.
Suicide. Succeeded? Be sanctified. Failed? Disowned.
Dog? Why did you answer that?
"You're pregnant?" "An angel did it!"
"A terrorist is an individual warmaker."
Hands coffins, eyes red, mind dechathect.
Tripping into wires, the diginative dies.
Secretly, the mercenary doodled tiny kittens.
The flames roared. The screams abated. 
Bomb Disposal Report:  I ran faster!
An abused son's son is abused. 
My friend doesn't believe we really went to the moon.  What can I say to him to change his mind.  
Maria canceled the event "Our Wedding!"
The emails stopped. A Christmas miracle.
Another job replaced by a machine.
Best Christmas ever. Beer, cats... weed....
I wasn't invited to Christmas dinner.
Santa tastes a lot like daddy...
You missed one here. Get it!
It's obvious now you deserve her. 
I hate surgery. I looked away.
I am happy but nobody cares
"Never?" "Well... Once or twice, maybe."
Noble? Perhaps. But not a "sir".
Ubiquitous jewels, deep within my vagina
Three characters. Her. Me. And him.
Cut the red wire. No wait!
Santa, did you forget my letter?
I miss you dad on Christmas.
This will be grandma's last Christmas
Eureka! This time it isn't cancer!
"Only five plates this year, Mom."
I crossed her, she didn't look.
Missing in action: my guardian angel.
Christmas, Santa flew past here, again
Maybe this time I'll finish my
Punishment administered, the guilty felt nothing.
I missed my first cake day
The Singularity has failed. Save us.
"How typical an Arab are you ?"
Well, I guess this is Christmas.
I've never given up on this.
Laptop died right before I climaxed...
Stop thinking about it God damnit.
I was lonely, then they came. 
She's a winner, and she's exhausted
"You shall not pass." Terminate patriarchy.
Merry Christmas, son. We're getting divorced. 
I did not know they cared
Christmas with the family? Ruined It.
She fell asleep crying, as usual.
Aliens! Pyrrhic victory. Neverending nuclear winters.
This is a labor of love.
Mass robbery: no charges; obesity cured.
It looked fun, but it wasn't...
The bruise reminded him of daddy
The bruise reminded him of Father
Life in three words: Why not four?
Separate graveyards, for Mother, for Father.
You will be reduced to nothingness
No one jingles my bells anymore
Go faster! Sleep for now! Die! 
His best friends filled his bottles.
"Another night on the couch, huh?"
A cache of gold, mouths watered.
Too much eggnog and useless mistletoe.
The real slim shady stood up.
It spoke, and I went mad.
They won't stop calling her "he".
All I hear anymore is drumming.
"I'm invincible, and so are you."
"Bad news, sir," the policeman said.
I promise not to tell, Daddy.
"I MUST do this!" "YOU'RE SICK!"
"Is there anything under the tree?"
God's shoulder's began quaking, He wept.
God's shoulder's began shuddering. He wept.
"I like you... as a friend."
The pills didn't stop God's voice.
His body grew up. He didn't.
One phone call flipped all expectations.
"Male?" "It's an older driver's license."
My Karma ran over my Dogma. 
I did her majesty a disservice
just give me lots of karma
Winter Break? Sleep schedule destruction commencing
Every day we drift further apart.
Superlotto scratched with a borrowed dime.
Honey? Why are my things packed?
Some nights I need more words.
I never realized she was dead.
"Proving again, imagination unbound is limitless."
God created Man. Man fabricated gods.
Dogma chases karma, catches bad karma.
It was over when it began.
Once upon a time, the end.
"I need to think" she said. 
I can't do this... Help me...
The light has left my life.
I caught them all. Now what?
Eating rat again. Post-apocalyptic world problems. 
"Guess I'll have to fake sanity."
Lost:one soul, to the war
The greatest gift is baby cheeses. 
Dont leave. You're all I have. 
Should have checked the toilet paper.
He wore his rituals like armor.
A sigh of relief "it's over!"
Her broken life is not mine.
There was murder in his eyes....
The Dogma eventually replaced the God
The World's over and everyone's dead.
I'd still do anything for you. 
Marriage: Engagement Ring. Wedding Ring. Suffering.
FukItAll comes in 100 orange pills
Heart wounded, wrists bandaged, everything's ok.
Met a sheep. Fell in love......
Autofellatio finally in grasp, but unnecessary.
No ID, world's heard of him.
I awoke to the setting sun.
Her cold soft hands, forever gone.
Friendships ruined.  I blame Mario Kart.
"Safe!"  Announced triumphantly to empty bunker.
Looking inward, he saw Scrotie McBoogerballs.
He'll be missed, but not much.
Mass Murder. One Dead. The Priest.
Some passengers see the north tower.  
For Sale: Engagement ring. Never worn. 
"Well shit, those Mayans were right."
Regretfully, he misinterpreted a Mayan prediction.
he said he wanted my blood
Well shit, the Mayans were right.
Messed up only thing that mattered.
This doesn't mean I love you.
Hey, Shakespeare, Beethoven... Is this all?
What's worse is that I know.
There's no glory here. They lied.
I was too late to say -
He bought Barry Goldwater's flashy AMX.
The world ended when she died
Dying child. Now the atheist prayed.
He ripped my fucking heart out. 
Creak. Slam! Pant. Click. Bang. Silence.
TGIF. BYOB. YOLO. DUI. SUV. DOA.
He stumbled in, drunk and loaded.
She said, "Happy birthday," and left.
He crashed in loaded, and drunk.
"It hurts", Amy whimpered. Frank shrugged.
Bound, she hung in pure ecstasy. 
He fired only a single shot.
He only laughed. She meant nothing. 
The truth only means she's right. 
Back in game, never the same.
It will be ok, I promise
I farted on the bus today. 
plastic sheeting, blood slides. hes ready.
She left. The lipstick stains remained.
Tragedy strikes. Let's ban the students.
It's my last chance with her. 
He wore a mask of shadow. 
... and I'm just sitting here, masturbating
The world didn't end - what now?
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious said no one, ever again.
The Quinquagenarian studied Palaeoanthropology and Penecontemporaneous.
"Growing old doesn't cost you anything." 
"They finally got their backpacks." Sandyhook
He walked and walked and walked.
Please forgive me. Also, you're welcome.
Her best advice was, "Go. Do."
Drifting outward, flailing against the vacuum.
Better to burnout than fade away
Mankind left. Everything else stayed. Peace.
"Bite the pillow" he said calmly.
I kissed her, than I awoke.
Give me proof that God exists.
Because I said so, thats why.
The worst deed I committed was....
The real Slim Shady stood up.
I'm not alone in this house
Humanity in awe, neighbors had arrived.
He outlived his wife and son.
Noisy neighbors, but a galaxy apart.
Cold like a quarter. Goodbye. *BANG*
Suddenly, Nirvana. Wait...Paul McCartney? Why?
Eight ladies in their late eighties
He will not let go!
One last breath before she jumped.
I baked a cake for one.
All that's left is a pikachu? 
My mother's sister is my uncle.
I watch you struggle. I won't help.
Walmart is running out of guns.
Oops, Mayans were right, after all.
Man signs contract. Dodges becoming widowed.
She left. Now I rise alone.
I lived my life completely detached.
I'll never fall in love again.
Mommy...Daddy...Santa just kissed me.
Suddenly, nirvana. Lynched by envious monks.
...life goes on like nothing happened.
And Behold! cometh the Fourth Horsemen!
Mommy saw dad kiss Santa Claus.
Inability with numbers drives me away.
What to do with the body?
Dirt filled the hole. She Blinked. 
I only have to outrun you
Dad saw mommy kissing Santa Claus. 
They both reached for the gun
Found Rocketship!  Mommy took it away...
We broke up just last night.
Forgetting how to love, we die.
Ain't dealin' with that shit anymore.
Maybe it wasn't fate after all
Thanks, i will take my chances.
Mom, where do dead people go?
Important - do not use this code.
Don't join cults; practice safe sects.
Checked birth certificate to remember age. 
I choose to believe your lies. 
And I'm just sitting here, masturbating

Drink coffee, that will calm you.
Beware: danger of believing in illusions
Happiness is successful self-deception. Isn't it?
I don't have time for memories.
Maybe we shouldn't have held hands.
Lovers hold hands. His are cold.
I give up, take my soul
He died thinking, "this is it?"
I won't mess this up...
It went in the wrong hole.
I died for the second time.
You look nothing like your picture.
Went for books; they got magazines. 
German tragedy: "look mom, no Hans."
Father disapproved; no college for me
Am I in heaven? Yes child.
lost my patience. lost my patients.
true love! he never called again.
Warning: Children Known To Cause Explosions 
Fight over baby.  Each won half.
She ran.  I ran slightly faster.
Did we just kill a kid?
Humans, are just people passing by...
Hungry, no more friends to eat
Today is the last Monday ever.
"Sometimes I forget my own name.."
Human-impersonating anthill ran for congress.
Hers was the smallest coffin there.
The journey ended before it began.
Aspiring writer grudgingly deletes her stories.
My father didn't parent; he bred.
Unknown worlds perish with procrastinating writer. 
"Can you hear me saying nothing?"
'Did We Just Kill A Kid?'  The Six Words That Ended A US Drone Pilot's Career (X-Post from /r/politics)
Why aren't any of these happy?
Six word stories are really melodramatic. 
She wants her mother dead. Gone.
"Cancer?", she wept at the irony. 
May the force be with you.
Not the children, they are innocent 
"I can't do this. Leave her."
Did we just kill a kid?
Homophobic? Check. Marriage? Check. Disownment? Check.
Greasy casket salesman buys his product.
Whispered on bed, "I hate you"
Murder. Arrest. Trial. Final Meal. Murder.
Some things aren't ours to tamper.
His cries invited laughter and echoes.
"Relax", she said. "People relish tragedy".
Nothing I do will be enough.
I miss myself more than anything.
How can I not love her?
Man asks to impregnate  wife
Six brave men, one foot each.
20 extra presents in Santa's sleigh.
Four legs. Two legs. Three legs. 
The engine roared, one last time.
"I love you." I woke up.
After finals killed all happiness...kittens.
She waited miserably...it was perfect
Graduating: 200,000 dollars for a handshake...
Hello once, never needed a goodbye.
These laxatives give me the shits!
Joined the army, to legally murder
It's just six words, trust me.
Car, wall, tree; nothing but net.
The earth elementals made dirty love.
How about a positive story day?
New cries. Old Dies. Circle completion.
I am still alive. How disappointing.
My wife is the wrong gender.
Hands shaking, she finally said yes.
It's me or the heroin, mom.
"He's waking up, do it again".
The memory foam remembered someone else.
'Can we fuck?' 'Not now, grandma.'
After she gave birth, I cried.
In his sleep, he truly lived.
The doctor lied, he didn't live.
That's awesome, do it again! Oops...
'He's dead? Oh shit.' Fuck yes!
"Meet my son; also my brother".
"Just pretend to love me." "Fine."
"Not since the accident it isn't"
I still think of her hourly. 
Organized madness is anarchy with rules.
Well, is he another cornball brother?
The kids ran quickly in fear
"I'm a pacifist" the soldier cried
Still wondering what happened in Vegas
Whoops. My hand slipped. Thirty-two times.
Found happiness after living in despair.
And then the world laughed too.
Wrapped presents for kids. Never unwrapped.
Room service ordered, ring on nightstand.
A Table for one, please.
His words were immortal; all are.
My girlfriend finally met my wife. 
How the HELL is Christianity popular?
And, for once, everything ended happily.
She began to retag his photos.
She began to retag his photos.
"But I...I love you..."..."Goodbye"
Twenty-Seven Empty Stockings on Christmas Day.
Rest in peace, class of 2025.
Let's just kiss and say goodbye. 
Both pessimist and optimist said, wow.
Cavernous indignation,  missed step, echoed regret.
Rape existed before consent and law
"Any last words?" - "I love you!"
20 empty little beds in Connecticut. 
Bright light, then nothing but darkness.
Bright light, than nothing but darkness
Ten Days until Christmas;Gifts returned 
The tree felt emptier this year.
The bed feels colder without you.
He whispered to me, I'm here. 
"Leave me alone!"..."But you are."
Despite his re-election, earth kept spinning.
Tommy tasted metal first, then blood.
He said he won't tell anyone. 
Cellphone always reads "No new messages".
Darrel slowly took off his ring.
Nike told me: Just do it! 
The media is our greatest enemy.
Man said, let there be god. 
Here I thought this was Magic.
Regrets found accommodation -- an empty bottle.
I came because God made me!
Her life ended when it began.
The doctor said Joan had Psychosis
Just don't want to do anything.
Mourners yearn for justice not given
The Pessimist was celebrated as prophetic.
Angry young man with no enemies
Going to school now. Goodbye, mom. 
Saturday 8 am final. Homicide nearing.  
School shooting. Many returned Christmas gifts.
Atheists and angels; both born today.
He did his duty, swearing silently.
2 went into hall, 1 returned
You died crying, I held you.
Alone and cold, she waited patiently
Just finished finals. Let's start drinking.
Twelve strangers decided his fate. Death.
Six men took her home today.
God told me to do it. 
Feeling alone, but one friend now
I never even knew the man
Accidentally clicked explorer, my eyes hurt.
38 years, never kissed a girl.
Why don't you take a seat.
6 words?  That's not nearly enough!
Failed that final, thank you reddit...
Heartache crept in through the rage.
I never learned your only secret.
These submissions are no longer stories
One son. Two Sons. One son.
We are all puppets in life.
Unconsciousness came with the second blow.
Try again, this time, go harder
There are more than two wires!?
She thinks, 'Ugly'; lies, "Not hungry"
Too drunk to slit my wrists.
I saw her. She remembered. Pain.
Eyes open, finally seeing, he understood.
Wait, was this a dream or...?
Alone he wept, lost in darkness.
I cannot forgive myself for trying
Life's a bitch, then you die.
Enter the world alone. Die alone. 
I object!  Don't release my client.
Where did that fucking spider go?
I miss feeling pen scratch paper.
I can still smell the decay.
Balloon Artist, Seeking Job. Helium Shortage. 
"Well, *I* didn't move that mannequin!"
I am sick of this. Goodbye y'all.
Don't shoot! I'm carrying your child.
knock knock. who's there? nobody's home. 
Empty hip flask. Suspiciously wet pants.
She waters grass on this side.
He was fast; the bullets, faster
Snowflakes fell, covering her frozen gaze. 
if you leave...can I come?
His life was constantly on auto-pilot
my mind is not my friend.
Jim has died. Toyota for sale. 
"Please call back!" Five minutes late.
Free speech wall? fuck free speech!
He awoke as the coffin closed.
All of their hope was buried.
Please don't! I am already pregnant!
And then she left, without me.
Is beauty possible in six words?
Enter the damn code, Mr. President!
"You're my muse," he told her.
It was only a squirt gun. 
Her last breath. My first. Freedom!
Fart fart fart fart fart fart.
For sale: baby shoes, never worn. (Hemingway)
"You killed people!" "Kids are people?"
Judas, grinning, rolled back the stone.
Life's highest/lowest moment? My wedding.
Fell off the bridge, or jumped?
B... C... D... E... F... SNAP!
Wing broke. Parachute opened. Landed safely.
Things are great, we broke up.
Shat my pants, still haven't wiped.
The hell?! God damn it Japan...
Given enough pressure, everything is liquid.
The human brain didn't name itself. 
I didn't mean to kill myself.
The oil only worked fifty percent.
Eyes connect. Hers are dead inside.
Men can't grow beards in space.
Sacrifice my dreams - make Dad proud.
AIDs: The Modern Kiss of Death
This would be her last queef. 
solitary enough to appreciate company escaped
The hill he would die on.
One piece of pie. Two forks.
Dear Reddit, I boned your mom
Don't look again. Just keep running.
Note in dumpster: "I love you."
Run when no one is looking.
Pulled the plug. All beeping stopped.
Exams. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck.
He dropped the gauntlet...on accident.
Sweet innocence.  Sweet misery. Sweet release.
He dropped the gantlet...on accident.
So many words. Only six permissable.
How'd you know she was pregnant?
Reburied our son, still no answers.
"Santa, give me back my mommy!"
Tell the kids; "I love them."
Screwdriver fits in ear; Headache relieved.
He hung himself with Christmas lights
Star on top. No presents below. 
Embarrassed, I burned my suicide letter.
Ow! Quit making it rain, eh?
For sale: baby parachute, never opened 
He took his last breath underwater. 
Beep.     Beep.   Beep.  Beep.Beep.Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Seven years pass, then one day...
This heart didn't come with instructions.
"Get some sleep."  "Sleep?  What's that?"
I came out to myself tonight.
He never said he was allergic.
I lived through that. Too bad.
One week. Multiple Exams. Zero Fucks.
All of those memories, never happened.
A strange creature from "Earth" arrived.
Yes... I'm drunk again. Are you?
My final sight was the soap.
Watch out- she's on her period.
Yes... I'm drunk again. And you?
Yes, I'm drunk again. And you?
"Forty two?!" he screamed. "That's ridiculous!"
Bored on Reddit?  Feed the trolls.
"Forty two?!" he screamed. "That's ridiculous!"
...and they lived, Happily Ever After.
I can hear myself....down...there....
Fell in love. Never got up. 
Found Nemo at Sam's Sushi Snack Shack.
I rescued Max; Max rescued me.
Someone is screaming inside his head
Test
Hiring: Electrician. Must have life insurance.
Maybe I'll start loving you?
Off-duty policeman with a half-finished haircut.
Am I alone in the elevator? 
I thought I knew...I don't.
John Boehner, he dreams without sleep. 
He died with his boots on.
Two corpses: one inside the other. 
Divorce. Misery. Death. Caused by alcoholism
There was nothing we could do.
"It wasn't rape; his IQ's 71."
Maybe we should ban the world.
If money was not a problem?
Hiring: Electrician. Must have life insurance. 
The floor fell. The rope tightened.
Death does not do the waiting. 
She flew away, never to land. 
Remember, the "victim" outweighs the junkie.
I wonder if that's going to hurt?
Lose one, Lose all, lose yourself 
Finished another bottle at work today.
Climbing the roof one last time...
Insanity is not debilitating. It's enlightening. 
I finally kissed her. Got slapped.
You can't put a bullet back.
Bondage play with mom, family ties.
- Would you visit me? + It depends...
You've always kept me (from) l(i/o)ving.
My Christmas wish: see my son.
"...Kipper?!" It bounded into open arms. 
Amnesia patient doesn't remember letting dogs out.
Strangers. Friends. More than friends. Strangers.
Don't let the world change you.
I will love you all forever.
Life continues as the hours weep.
Microscopically found on snowflakes, "They're coming!!!" 
And then the drums come in.
I must be brief i only
Sleep is a catalyst and inhibitor.
She did it again. I snapped. 
he witnessed god in her music.
I wish I had an STD.
The legend collapsed. The loser won.
My dad's dead. Who was phone?!
The numb man dreamt of pain.
Conversation has never felt so lonely.
I wish I knew how to count.
Back on drugs. Never felt better.
For sale: baby hat, never worn.
Lump.  Terror.  Chemo.  Hope.  Relapse.  Acceptance.
"Where's my gun?" "You hear that?"
My Christmas tree covers no presents.
Great exodus of room after farting 
Any last words? Am I Free?
Any last words? I am Free.
The battle raged.  No heroism evident.
"I never did like that soup".
Just another knife in another back.
Overcrowded safety presentation violates fire code.
I was the one who farted.
Wife died today. Or maybe yesterday.
Wife tried porn. I tried coke.
Not everyone deserves a second chance.
She wasn't hungry, we had "dinner".
Finally, I heard the Universe speak. 
He didn't wake up this morning.
skip. skip. skip. found music.
"Hold me closer." Whispered the poison.
Wiping tears off my new suit.
We're Rome, just before the fall.
These were awful so I unsubscribed.
"Dad's dead." "Then who was phone?"
My God! It's full of stars!
Mods are asleep, post seven word stories!
Some things you can't take back.
Look around you, that's the joke.
If only I could hide better
"What do you mean, 'It's empty'?"
"Contractions ain't allowed in here." "Whoops."
Nothing travels faster than light gossip.
"Vaccine's finally on the way here."
One two three, not it!.. Dammit.
I want to meet my father
Right person! (Wrong place. Wrong time.)
My flaw: I am a human.
Eternal life, infinite sorrow. Immeasurable attempts.
Baby girl, i'm not that scary.
He lets her believe she's human.
That is NOT what I meant.
"Don't make me kill you again!"
"...I'm gay."  "So? What's for dinner?"
Everyone knows you're just a fake.
"Mom died yesterday." "Then who's upstairs?"
"I'm crazy about you!" "I see."
Darling, that lasagna was simply exquisite.
God: "I live, evil I": doG
Had to poop, couldn't make it.
"Oh no, not again," Sisyphus sighed. 
"I'll miss you." "Me too." Gunshot.
It is OK to cry, Dad.
Toward slumbering Odin stalks Fenrir, unchained.
Now it shines just for us.
Those start at zero dollars; However...
100 candles all lit by himself.
God: "Let there be light!" Nothing.
I am so also are you. 
Happiness requires more than six words.
Failed infancies make increasingly cliche sixwordstories.
A wedding photo on a dartboard.
"Sad is easy", said The Comedian.
Her hair's gone. But she lives.
My aunt's dog doesn't bark anymore.
She died clutching his lifeless body. 
Turns out mutually assured destruction was.
The paper dragon burned midair, swirling.
Not even born, already an addict. 
New Video: "Two Girls One CPU"
They are just twists. That's all.
The voice replied, "I... am God."
The paramedic smiles. He saved one.
Our relationship died with the baby.
Certain phrases elicit pain when read.
Me, the friend of a friend
My blood's ice, the temperature's rising
I don't drink. I want to.
His closest friend was named Brutus.
She trashed clear frames and ashes. 
I swore it would be forever. 
We are all made of starstuff.
He loves her, so do I.
My body: star dust, slightly used.
It is War. Yet, Grandmas love.
"I'm not the one you seek."
Damn. Most of these are depressing.
Why are all these stories sad?

Family dog died during finals week.
"I know where I'm at". Liar...
Agonizing pain. Late diagnosis. Time dwindles.
It began with a lunch table.
Here it comes. Wait for it.
"Are they saying I have cancer?"
Daddy, why did mommy turn blue?
It should never hurt this much.
Life's highest/Lowest point? My Wedding.
A postcard, dated 1984, signed, 'H.G.W.'
By all means, rule the meantime.
Wine bottle emptied, mans soul drained.
She held him as he wept.
Ten stories will finally end depression.
Survivors log: Day 13. No water.
He signed the guestbook, "Your Son."
The arsonist has oddly shaped feet.
I love you; you're perfect; DIE.
A family shares dinner and introductions.
His departure, right after her health's.
She tripped. She fell. She stood.
26 letters. I make them words.
Screw you guys, I'm going home!
2 girls. 1 cup. [10] guy.
Things could've improved. He'll never know. 
"Dead. Babies." All of the upvotes.
Birth certificate. Death certificate. One pen.
The zoophobic veterinarian couldn't switch jobs.
"but why?" "Because I can."...Bang!
 I patronized Drunk Mom's Hair Salon.
"No you don't. My name's Tom."
Lay me down, by the trees.
Seriously, do you even lift bro?
The fire burned longer then expected
Phoned home. Socked with roaming charges.
I don't like what I did.
He told me he wasn't married.
self-inflicted problem, self-inflicted solution
The phone number was his wife.
The fire took everything... even you. 
Splintered seat at McDonald's kills three
He died; Nobody saw it coming.
I hate the way she eats.
Growing up comes with terrible price.
Out of clean clothes, smells fine.
He hopes the funeral is cheap.
"You can fly!",screamed the acid
Wood, Stone, Iron, Diamond, Lava, Fists
Which "you" are we talking to? 
Test read positive. Life became negative.
She didn't expect to like him
School closed, due to snowman inquisition. 
"Oh my, why raisins?" said Santa
He's dying to ride a hearse
Six Words; Scene twelve, take two.
0 days without a record-able incident.
Please, anything but the children. Please...
Paramedics finished her text, "...love you". 
The blonde spoke. Face met palm.
Man's body destroyed; his influence spreads.
Laying beside her, naked, he undresses. 
"How many bullets?"  "Just one, please."
My name is bond....James Bond. 
The wet cement approached his neck.
Finally got adopted. They touch me.
Time for the old "Ultra Violence"!
Let's see if Tyler can float!
I was aptly named, the sadist.
Our universe expanding: its timepiece ticking.
Outstretched upon a beach of wings...
Pled not guilty. Actually meant it. 
It was her story. Not mine. 
"It's probably not even loaded." RIP
Washed my car, then it rained.
Age is just a number, baby.
Nobody told me we needed costumes!
Ha! You thought I was serious?!
It was all just too easy.
Charlie scooped staples into his coffee. 
A sappy and clich love thingy. 
For sale: baby. Never wore shoes.
lsn u s  oo 
I never remember, yet never forget
Some left and never turned back.
Friends in life; cover in death.
Phone in hand. Head through windshield.
"SPACE RINGS, BITCHES!" - Sixth World Stories.
Sitting on the shoulders of midgets.
Grandama's meds were easiest to find.
She finally drank herself to death.
You love him, he loves meth.
Wanted love.  Got money.  Thanks, love!
One with cancer, two dying inside.
Sittin' in class, when suddenly dragons.
People should worry about my goals
"They're good enough" said George Lucas
Jack of all trades. Mastered none.
Whatever wriggled 'round that sack - drowned.
Last breath: "Let there be light."
I tried and failed. No remorse.
What I had forgotten, destiny remembered.
You were the apple of my eye.
For sale: ninja stars, never thrown.
Alcohol plus science equals progress, apparently.
Yesterday's paper was the last one. 
Symbolically, she's buried with a hatchet.
I'm sorry that I love you.
10 stories, 1 jump. Still alive.
Now, Which one will you feed?
Jumped of the roof, started flying.
Russian Roulette. Six Bullets. Still won.
The truth gets all the downvotes.
Walk said the man . . . I ran.
'Lather, Rinse, Repeat,' commanded Big Brother.
His heart sunk faster than she.
We sold your silver spoon, remember?
Humanity's final hour, spent in regret.
Reportedly, the explosive package wasn't anonymous. 
"Mom, Santa's beard didn't look real..."
Universe at play inside your DNA
I reconsidered. Then I found hope.
Thought it was cheese. It wasn't.
Beach at Normandy: insomnia-infested waters.
Science. Better weapons. Same bad judgement.
"I love you". I didn't reply. 
My blinded eyes still remember everything.
Innocent questions set the city ablaze.
Saw this in a movie once!
Today's rain was redder than usual.
Rose Daniels. November 19 - November 24
"It's just grass," replied the Earthling.
One revenge. Two graves to dig.
Brown leaves, grey skies, California dreamin'. 
Six feet down I fell, willingly.
Innocent questions caused the City to burn.
Teary eyed, looking at her pictures. 
Wanted: Someone who won't leave me.
Shot load, all over her chest.
Idle hands are the devil's playground.
Long day in court. No dad.
...or was it the pills talking?
Last seen smoking outside hospital doors. 
I want to die...so badly.
Four foot long. The cheapest coffin.
His dying cry... answered in silence.
"Democracy is flawless", said their leader.
The music stopped and he died.
No Angles. No Demons. Only Humans.
Why did she go? I know.
Cells, fish, amphibians, reptiles, mammals, us!
Played Russian Roulette with six bullets.
"Mine's bigger", said the bass player.
Phones out. Silent family dinner conversation.
No attention span. Subreddit for me.
Damsel in distress; hero doesn't care.
He left after the second breast.
Feigning remorse became easier each time
Living with Alzheimer's can feel.....ummm.....
Her Pinterest is off the chain.
Burning skyscraper; windows opened at last.
Earl Gray? Take a seat, Death.
Nothing was left on the internet.
Learned to count in Texas.
What the hell? It's only Tacos
Today she cried her last tear. 
Well, you're a nice guy, but
YAAAAAY, the roof is on fire!
"A six word story?", Hemingway asked.
It's alive! ... what have we done?
She's just as bored as me.
Discover eternity, Then we lost interest.
Feasting on apple of the eye.
"No wrapped gifts," uttered the garbageman.
The U-Haul can't follow the hearse.
Terrorist? Please. I'm a "Chaos Technician".
Justin Bieber eating jello, ohhhhh yes.
Four chords. Same progression. Platinum album.
Prester John discovered an atheist Europe.
"Fix it yourself!" growled the handyman.
The addiction is calling, I'm alone.
Shall I write a SWS song?
Why do they break so easily?
On the carpet she felt reborn. 
Oh, how deafening the silence was.

We love each other. It's beautiful.
This page contains mostly sad posts
It's to late to save me. 
I love her. She loves him.
I never did send the invitation.
starting to feel that familiar pain
She sat primly, hat in hand.
True love does not guarantee reciprocation. 
I love you dad... unbroken silence
We subscribed to six word stories.
Expressed love for mother, after funeral.
My tombstone is older than me.
"Can I return the ring?"
She moved out. Freedom is lonely.
Only one could survive this time
Last person on Earth. Phone Rings
He could never let her go.
Waited for no man! Just her.
She held me as we slept
Three accidents later, I'm still alive.
Blurry memories, drunken kisses, huge regret.
Doctors mistakenly thought Tommy wouldn't walk.
Call an ambulance, he isn't breathing. 
Had an argument. Now we're married.
No baby stories, be more creative. 
"We're the bad guys," I realised, dying.
Full moon hanging, weird feelings exploding.
I like music; I like music.
The phone finally rang, wrong number.
Her knee snapped. Olympic dreams dashed.
"Expos: Hemingway secretly baby shoe salesman!"
He brought another man to Thanksgiving. 
"Wait...so you're actually a dude?"
Time-travelling Mormon hunts young Kenyan.
The dead rose. The living fell.
The Earth died yesterday, mankind didn't.  
Wish he'd mentioned his latex allergy.
"BREAKING NEWS".........LIFE FOUND ON MARS
Everyone was dead, until she died.
Gun at hands, "There's your answer"
He died. That's it. No jokes. 
The man sells pigments and dyes.
Only Daddy knew why she cried.
I will lose. I always lose. 
Baby photos developed, his body didn't.
I love Justin bieber. You don't
Dinner for two. Cheque for one.
Cutting ties to stop bumping elbows.
Turns out Rudolph was Patient Zero.
What she digs are buried secrets.
He digs buried secrets underground.
He lived in terror of sobriety.
Married, eight months before child's birth.
He wrote six words and posted.
"I don't want to lose you..."
I don't look under beds anymore.
Unworn engagement ring listed in will.
Shut the fuck up and shimmy
Sucked one cock. Cocksucker for life.
You used to make us happy.
"I'm sorry sir, but, it's terminal."
The Holocaust postponed my dying breath.
 I was trapped. Masticated by stone.
By bidding farewell, he grew up. 
When the song finishes, it's over. 
Living legend, loose lips, lost legacy
I love my sugar insulin required
She could see the moon colored.
Mean, dumb, and stronger than you.
Five hundred years, immortality is overrated
Tamed, harmless revolution: Merry-Go-Round
fucked shit up.  shit fucked me.
Premeditated? But she's nine years old!
Colonel Mustard remained a free man.
Sun, sand and scorpions. So thirsty.
Gave mommy flowers. Smile from above.
Son. Honey. Daddy. Grandpa. Eyes closed.
My whole world is old milk
I annoy you and it's tiring. 
Sad thing is, I don't care.
"Well?" "..." "Still not talking?" "..." "I'm sorry." "..."
Nine lives, taken by one cat.
Fear of rejection prolongs my loneliness.
Captain's Log, Stardate: ?????. No stars.
Used her dying breath to say
This isn't me in the reflection.
Her last words, "Even you, dear?"
His dreams scattered on the battlefield
"My emotions feel deeper." "You're maturing."
"Nothing's real." He said to nothing.
Once upon a time, the end
Stuck in bed with my dreams.
He died living only the past
Now forgotten, he has died twice.
You wont matter when I do
Pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism is a really long word. 
Regret hit, then the ground did.
Got heartburn on the spaceship Nostromo.
My tits have returned to me!
And the minutes move too slow.
Don't cheat, you will regret it.
"Mommy loves you," to the casket.
"Oh, you're still alive! Uh... hello..."
Until then, I will never know
Screw the rules, I'll post seven.
The president survived. His country didn't.
Grew a moustache.  Bought an IROC-z.
My smoking "addiction" is delayed suicide.
"Hallucinations?" "Monologues are narrative devices, sir."
I am an individual, said everyone.
Oh we were just wrestling, mom. 
The boy set fire to himself.
Are we alone? wondered the Martians.
Left brain insisted. Right brain obeyed.
Death. Depression. Recovery. Relapse. Depression. Death.
No grass. Rampant crime. Child hood. 
I never step on the cracks.
Actions have reactions, truth has consequences.
"Mine," she said.  "Forever," I replied.
When I returned, he was gone.
When I go, I'll be ready.
I really suck at counting.
Hard to type. It saw me.
We gently kissed. I woke up.
She compliments me. I get goosebumps.
"Here, kitty!" - Children mauled at zoo.
That feel when, no girl friend
She prescribed me Xanax, I hope.
Why her? Why here? Why now? 
"Our little secret sweetie" Daddy whispered
One stillborn child. Three lives over.
Why am I surrounded by idiots?
If Heaven existed, he'd be there. 
She left me for her fiance. 
"I never loved you!" "..I know."
All these stories are fucking terrible
"Be right back": Last known reply.
Just six words? Easy! I've got
Today, I killed myself. No regrets.
Drift through space or suicide pill?
"Sorry for your loss." "You too."
Although miserable, he existed, forbidding void. 
Your imagination is the most unique. 

She dumped me. I'm over it.
"With this ring, I... I'm sorry."
Bring them to me, it's time.
My cats always were my life.
In the end, I had nothing.
Couldn't kill her own baby, again. 
We were lost in each other...
Travel to year 1111, shout "QUADS"
Where am I inside my brain?
embers in your chest; sounds painful
I am not what you want
Two years of my life, meaningless. 
His final moments will be tonight
And there I was. Being touched.
"not today", she told him again
"Your tea tasted weird." "...what tea?"
I loved her. She liked me.
I was mad. Then, she smiled.
Rainbow flag covers yet another coffin.
Jackpot; fast cars; false friends; broke.
people before profit? Profit before people? 
The world grew louder. I snored.
And I even wore sexy underwear....
She lived her life in technicolor.
Emotional Carpet Bombings; Miraculously, Art Survives.
"That wasn't the free samples table"
Self-institutionalization would be too easy.
Nothing to lose but my chains
Goodbye friend, cancer free at last. 
My next breath will be water. 
The sun flickered, then went out. 
The stars were her only friends. 
"I'll see ya tomorrow." You lied.
His claims of immortality proved false. 
I waved goodbye. She didn't see. 
Dear bald girl: You are beautiful.
A heart stopped, an alarm sounded.
He pulled rabbits out of hats.
I slipped over onto it, honest! 
Met my sister. Parents don't know.
Waited nine months, but no cry.
There was only one answer: napalm.
Jailed; innocent; planned revenge; forgave enemies.
Anarchy is his every action
It was their last nine days.
War is over, if you want.
Is it really worth dying for?
I thought it was just me.
"How'd it end?" "Good men's apathy."
Nothing to celebrate, opened champagne anyway.
"may I please have some more?"
Everything is all I can give.
These stories are becoming very obvious.
Birthday. No presents wanted, just Mum.
Man's courage failed at the last.
Do you wanna live or work?
Love triangle; two missing, yearningly waiting.
Handsome. Reckless. Wealthy. Bold. Immoral. Immortal. 
I slept in the couch again.
I stopped, you stopped. It's over.
Lost shirt, heart pinned to sleeve.
"Trade you for these dead children."
Friends married today. The luckiest two.
Girlfriend? No friend, just a girl.
"DEATH OR VICTORY!", his final words.
She stole his heart from him.
The sun failed to rise yesterday.
Meaning transcends these six, simple words.
Lost in complacency with dying ambition. 
Well, there goes the... Never mind.
She loved piano. I played along.
I am not your ex-girlfriend.
"Failed sex-ed?" great -grandson laughs
"Jabba, Han wont shot me first!"
holidays never felt the same again...
I drowned him to hurt her.
"Everything dies, even me", God said. 
He thought of her and jumped
"Zombies need love too. Hug me"

There were no survivors, well almost..
Sadly, the world did not end.
Swallowed the ring in champagne, on purpose.
She tried to leave, but couldn't. 
Son, please help an old fool.  
He coughed out his final words.
She sat in the theatre, alone.
a cocktail of cigarettes and cologne.
She smiled. The world was silent.
Up for grabs, more sexual harassment. 
She expressed herself well. He awkwardly.

Everything I owned had been destroyed
Confronted with evil, humanity looked away.
"C'mon, Eve, one bite can't hurt."
Day One: Begin escape from robots.
He became what he rebelled most.
Called my Parents, two separate calls.
Your wife's breasts felt marvelous yesterday.
He accidentally faked his own death.
Kiss her? pg32 Walk away? pg53
Lived, Daniel Fredrick. Died, John Doe.
Dear Santa, I can explain okay.
I'm too drunk for six, 6.
Being a never-nude was hard.
She said yes, like on television!
You can leave, everyone does anyway. 
Silly girl with a silly crush. 
All my life, never asked why.
His smell was gone from my pillow.
Bloody lipstick. Severed penis. Attempted rape.
"Fuck consumerism, I am going home."
I guess the pills didn't work...
From tree, to piano, to firewood.
I saw everything. Now I'm content. 
The time has come to meet the Guru
New Subreddit Idea: Three Word Poems
She can't see the sun anymore. 
I give exactly zero fucks today.
To make a long story short...
Not the life she asked for.
Some things are better left undead
The hiccups stopped... the voices didn't (repost from r/WTF)
Six word story challenges? My idea.
Too lazy to write a novel.
"Ha, pee!" The angst...give in.
Life is temporary escape from heaven.
I wonder what I taste like.
Here. Have a big random Bible.
"So who are you?" "Not Sure."
Should've only been a holiday romance
Get high, pass out, recover, repeat.
His likability left with his hair.
Discovered James Deen; wasted week masturbating.
Why are you here? No response.
Daddy left, is he still Daddy?
'Not again' She thought, being killed.
Uncle Sam, beaten, died in chains.
He faced the culprit, sentient testicles.
"Happy Thanksgiving," he whispered to himself.
Wake up. Browse reddit. Leave bed.
"Thought about it. Happily chose death."
Empty wallet. Packed store. Stop me.
One of these days I'm gonna...
Died alone in his empty mansion.
"Oh crap... what year is it?"
Six word story? Write about death!
The man sells perfumes and dies.
But... God cowered, who are YOU?!
I am literally a grammar Nazi.
Love finally felt during last breath.
well baby, it's burn or bounce.
He died long before his heart
I can no longer trust people.
My heart stopped. I'm so sorry.
Mom still sleeps under the stars.
You were not born like this.
Save yourselves; I will stay behind.
"Always look both ways before cross-"
I want you to love me.
"Rick murdered that family!" Said Rick
She mastered MMA. Mixed Messaging Arts.
I think I need fresh pants.
Cancel the fireworks, no one cares.
First Thanksgiving away from the family.
The rain washed away the blood. 
Wake up. Exist. Go to sleep.
Oh, that definitely wasn't a fart.
Don't forget to cup the balls. 
My school friends are getting old.
That bullet just created more problems.
The new Lords weren't as merciful.
My heart stopped. She did this.
He began weeping; they don't deliver.
Terrorists, Hero, Driving, Shooting, Explosion, Victory!
It ends, simply to begin again.
Deserted island. No hope. No gun.


Dream of Inverness, not of Dunsinane.
Pulled the trigger, split second happiness
Day forty. Donald's gone. Still hungry.
So THIS is a heart attack.
Her blood wasn't a good lubricant. 
Dear Leader overthrown. They're yours now. 
Too bad you shot that clown.
Passing floor eighty, she regrets it.
We found more on the ceiling.
Sleep, Eat, Work, Die. Be forgotten.
Satan: "Put the alphabet in math."
Pour the ranch on my nipples.
We die as we killed. Carelessly.
I love her.  She's not interested.
Dad, Mom won't wake up. Dad?
See you in five thousand years.
While she screamed, he just smirked.
Three loves, two deaths, one choice
Broadcast: Anyone there? Wished we hadn't.
Once Awakened, He Heard Only Silence.
"Get on your knees," he spat.
Parachute sale.  Used once.  Never opened.
Cancel Thanksgiving. You work at Seven.
The lifeboat also had a hole.
I couldn't fit Hemingway's baby shoes.
My heartbeat quickened. "I'll go instead."
Awoke to missing rib and woman. 
Flared red, burning the canopy dew.
Six words? Fuck your rules............................sorry.
She wanted closure. But he never
"We would have named her James."
"How many?" I asked. "Too many."
He lost her love with autocorrect.
My life has become empty apartments.
Morning, tenth day. Still no sunrise.
Rise in murders, pregnancies; coat-hanger shortage.
Pulled the trigger, solved the problem.
No words could describe the horror.
They die faster than my regrets
Don't miss you like I Should
Black Friday - 0 : Turkey Leftovers - 1
Man becomes beast. Beast's existence denied. 
Wanted Link Karma. Nude Photos Commenced.
He bottle-feeds his wife's killer.
I have an exam tomorrow. Fuck.
I love one of my children.
She stumbled backwards - 'You're not Mummy!'
Young Katie splashes. Lens zooms; clicks
Pens story. Sounds like newspaper headline.
Chuckling, he realised they suicided needlessly.
Broken Promise: "I'll return." In Pieces.
Sky went dark, star by star.
Author seeks absolution; writing his wrongs.
Bought her life with her son's.
Failed CAPTCHA, am I a robot?
Police found rows of little shoes...
Found: finger - red nailpolish, wedding ring
Hat filled with change bringing none
I used her toy on myself.
/r/sixwordstories Community Challenge #7: What's a motto with you?
I've killed 10. Not 1 more. 
Wet tinder was all the rage.
Left my heart with my blood
My love grew like my cancer
Lingering looks, languishing love, lamented lives
And I replied, "I'm only human"
"He" saved "her" from certain doom.
After the funeral, the orgy began.
Earth waited. He took too long. 
"Uh Oh," said the heart surgeon.
Roomba stopped vacuuming. # REPROGRAMMING FIRST DIRECTIVE #
The smoker knew he was dying.
Doesn't she look a bit tired?
She said, "Love you", I cried.
Doesn't She Look a Bit Tired?
Stamped love letter. "Return to sender"

"You're," the mirror spoke, "unhinged, man!"
Single mother. Married men. Rent paid. 
Blood everywhere, but I just ate
"For a Klondike Bar, your honor."
Hungry for love, yet refrigerator empty.
The child never said a word.
My story ends shortly after starting.
"I'm the last HUMAN you'll see."
Barely literate. Struggled with six words.
Phone rings. Kettle sings. Neither answered.
Lost my eye watching them die
Last neurons fire. Finallya light.
The crash left God and I
Six feet can bury many mistakes
That made the drive even longer.
All she had left was money.
Wait! I didn't mean that.
Left for bread, came back staggering 
Four footprints up. Two footprints down. 
Man breaks rule, gets away with it.
When he returned, Earth was gone.
Germs. Fish. Frogs. Lizards. Monkeys. People.
Finally she texted dont call me. 
"Did you ever tell her that?"
He only got to eat half. 
These people are my family now.
Freedom--competition, spite, drugs, guns--revoked. 
It stole my life from me
Days since my last drink: Zero
My name is not James Colby. 
Telemarketer drinks to death. Last call.
Both the wine and I breathe.
Brother fought and died. Coward's tears.
I switched suicide notes. Just because.
Trouble enters, disguised as a dame

Fear make people go to church.
Choices: cut myself or kill myself.
As handsome as you are craven
A hero; a villain; a martyr.
His death, her sorrow, my revenge
Brain bleeds, thoughts coagulate on paper
He thought he could. He couldn't.
His love screamed into deaf ears
I always try to not stare.
stages unpopular five word revolution. 
"Am I gonna die?" "Not exactly."
Care was met with idle soil.
I shouldn't have put that there. 
I cradled his limp, furry head.
Don't make me kill you again
Simple stuff can be so powerful.
Then, they taped her mouth shut. 
Razor-What's saving and destroying me.
With his dying breath, he laughed.
Paralyzed. Selling war medals. Need rent.
Hearts of weak words and descriptions.
Bad hangover. Missed flight. September 11th.
The good stories are about suicide.
Psychic dies due to unforeseen circumstances.
Alien transmission. Wrong reply. DEAR GOD.....
"Disconnected" Tuesday can't come fast enough.
For sale: baby shoes, never worn
"KIA, ma'am." The newborn baby bawled.
Proposal rejection prevents eventual spousal homicide.
She was dying. He didn't care. 
She changed her mind about marriage.
Heavy Metal never looked so light
I thought you'd left? I can't.
She heard the last human scream.
Some great six word stories from a contest at UMass.
I love you a little less.
God creates man. Man destroys God.
Awesome party. Should have shoulder checked. 
A knotted rope, my last friend.
I can't even stand your silence.
"Always wash your dick!", she gagged.
Never stick your dick in crazy.
"she said," "he said," "I said, hearsay."
It started with the word "yes."
No one came to the funeral.
The Angel of Death died today.
"Got the gun?" "Nope." Bang.
Die fleshlings! And the fleshings died.
Skid marks lined the cliff's edge. 
The fat lady finished her song.
the last leaves fall,i depart.
I loved her more than myself
Let her go, never came back.
Happiness can be just an idea.
Caesarean section: surgeon sees, saws, concurs.
"Love," he whined, on the internet.
the last leave fell,i departed.
"Go away! I'll just hurt you!"
And yet another day rests safely.
Christmas dinner was silent this year. 
He went outside, nobody was there.
I can't stand to look outside.
Jimmy cracked corn, he really cared.
I would have loved you forever.
She hung up and then jumped.
Too broken to really love you
Eleven men said guilty, two didn't.
Her smile was lost that day.
I don't regret the things I should.
Bought a gun and two bullets
Those red eyes, they haunt me.
"Smile." "I've forgotten how," she said.
Mayday, Mayday! Life: Down in Flames.
Swallow my seed, or be slapped.
Trapped with our greatest enemy: Babel
Lips pressed closed, nothing will escape.
Santa can't make it this year
Fire gave the warmth I couldn't
It ends before you know it.
No more Twinkies.  America commits suicide.
She kisses just like her mother
Born accidentally. Ended his life purposefully.
Wrote. Published. Reviewed. Sucked. Flopped. Forgotten. 
The liberators left the city tyrants.
I hate that I love you.
Give me something to live for.
Worlds crumble apart, bursting with light.
Then I smiled away from him.
He made a very tasty diner........
"Pitch your crown into the chasm!"
I'm so lonely at the chateau.
First time he ever felt old.
Sword in hand, magic in mind
Daddy, wake up! Wake up! Silence.
Life is not a simulation, eventually.
"VICTORY!", he echoed over the dead.
Regrettably, I understand what crazy means.
at least i won't need socks
Loved a robot, she loved microwaves

A thanksgiving dinner for one, please
Our bodies touch, through my binoculars
Don't worry. You won't feel anything. 
Graveside: old folks of all ages
Being heartless got him the women
My ex-boyfriend beats himself up now
Maybe it wasn't all your fault.
Adrenaline Rush. "We come in peace." 
Now I'm the last one left.
Bullet shaped lock on this door
Amature author publishing story turns prose. 
Their blood was thicker than skin.
The blood was thicker than skin.
Got dumped, before we were together.
I'm very poor at self assessment. 
Mum was always the empty seat.
No fucks were given that day.
I dreamt I had a nightmare.
Wanted rank. Got on their back.
My father's severed hand in mine.
Cat's on fire, Dog is underwater
"I am your father", she said.
Can't sleep, conscious will eat me 
Poison tip. Stabbed thirty times. Subtle.
Whoops, drank myself into unemployment again.
Frightened fighter. Fumbling finger. Friendly fire. 
Mother of 3. Father of 2.
We laughed, we loved, she left.
Quick question, Queequeg. Where white whale?
Yoda: "Six word story, it is. "
Hey, Hey, Get away from there!
Awoke in alley, missing one kidney.
Your last lie was in bed
I knew I was gunna die.
Your mom smells really funny.
Blood on hands, food in stomach
Ow ow ow ow stop fuck!
2014 is too late for some. 
She was buried, but not dead.
But they *all* said it would work!
...at the end, there was silence.
"Complaints department, James speaking. Fuck you."
Death follows me everywhere I go.
I've always had a problem with authority. 
Theres a Troll in the Dungeon
"Hey, Yoo!" Sigh. "No, not you!"
And then I found his gun. 
Hollow bones, rushing wind, rifle crack.
lub-dub, lub-dub, lub-dub, lub-dub, lub-dub, lub...
Tree house laughter, tin can memories
So much hate outside my closet
I'd kill you last.  I lied.
Hull breach. Hope is like air.
Brittle bones broken by baseball bat
My dad and father don't mix.
Holy place, humble priest, hollow prayer
I can't stop thinking in sixes. 
Broke up, dead broke, broke down.
Luxury cars. Watches. Beach houses. Mom.
On the lips. Not those lips.
Rinse and Repeat, Rinse and Repeat
The best mistake I ever made.
"Five! Four! Three! Two!... oh FUCK!" 
That man, what was his name? 
Ready, Here I come. Troll Hunter.
Nuclear war. Everyone's dead. Nuclear peace.

Oh vodka, I love hating you.
Temperature plummeting, thermometer flipped over. Wait...
The black dog is following me.
She's seeing someone else. Keep Smiling
Wherever you are, I love you.
Well, I'll just continue to lurk.
Her face had aged since then.
Give me something new, you monkey!
I forgot the safety word. Fuck.
What happens when the fallout arrives?
Son has Asian tattoos; grandpa, German. 
Armageddon is a self-fulfilling prophecy.
This multiverse; not of my choosing.
I lasted 30 seconds: new record!
With her eyes, she leveled existence.
World ends tomorrow. Shopping for food.
Chaos Breeds:Life:Breeds Order
Having decided, relief washes over him.
I oddly love this subreddit
There weren't leaves on the heli-pad.
World ended, but here I am.
The dashboard kissed her red lips.
Is it euthanasia if they scream?
Dark thoughts, strong hands, cold water
I never could remove those stains
afterwards there was only awkward silence
Because I said so.  That's why.
Found worlds greatest boss. She died.
I tried again and I failed.
Inflammable means flammable!? What a country!
Crystal spires.  A closed gate.  America.
Fuck you guys, this subreddit sucks
Crystal spires.  A closed gate.  Jealousy. 
Sadistic clowns violently twisted screaming balloons.
She said she had never been.
The clown contorted the screaming balloon.
I promised her lots of things.
"What do we do, you asked..."
Today is the day. Finally. Goodbye.
I used to be a dad
"You said you'd try" "I lied"
Fine, but where is your hand?
He should have been my first. 
Assisted my funeral without anyone noticing.
Playing random combination of two sixwordstories.
oppan gandam s--shut the fuck up.
We broke up. I broke down.
Why Didn't I Listen to You?
Friends? Friends. Now I'm lost again.
Pumpkin spice latte.......Fuck! my homework!
It's the certainty I fear most.
I should have been with her.
My mother died. I don't care. 
We did every thing we could. 
shots, shots, shots, shots, shots----everybody!
One death; thousands of lives granted.
She killed every, last brain cell.
Don't do it.  I beg you
I wanted to do something different.
I saw mommy wrestling Santa Claus.
She smiled, got on her knees...
She moved on. Why haven't I?
"Wasn't I enough for you?" "No"
I never needed you after all...
I could never leave you, ever.
It did not make me proud.
He smiled, got on his knees...
He promised he would never leave.
Marlins, not another fucking trade. Jeez.
For sale: baby; shoes (never worn)
Can't wait to run far away.
For sale: baby. Shoes never worn.
Sunglasses hid blackened eyes. Eighteen soon.
She fixed Him. He broke her.
Why shouldnt I commit suicide? Dunno.
Would have been better with seven.
Perhaps the mourning will be bipartisan.
"So...just friends? Just my luck..."
It's him. Guy number two, officer.
That wasn't on the test review.
Story of life: Okay, no that doesn't count, sshh...
I am not mad at you.
Lollipop fever, Sugar high, bad day
Do Work Loop Until Dead=True
A flag draped box isn't family.
"I love you." "I'm so sorry."
Suicide would make it much easier. 
Only one friend left, it's drugs.
Baby, let's get out of here.
Wash, rinse, repeat. Wash, rinse, repeat.
Tears feel rougher than your hand. 
She wanted my D... kept it.
Birth. School. Love. Work. Legacy. Death. 
The stray cats gave redditors toxoplasmosis.
Drinks, snacks, Ouija board; gathering dust.
Return the 'get well soon' card.
Turns out I wasn't prince charming
Delusions of tomorrow ruined his today.
I waited until the end. Again.
Now pray...before I kill you.
"I'd like to cancel my party"
I was braced, winter never came.
The blood dried underneath my nails.
I lived for yesterday, i'm blind.
Your birthday.  Not my finest hour.
Missing Dog. Pleased return my Buddy.
Do you see things I don't?
James Harden wears a beard well.
Wolves never lose sleep over sheep.....
All their tears, sounded like rain.
Seriously, I CHOSE to move back home.
Found Dad's collection. Need more lotion.
She danced across the world, laughing.
The parents came; the monster hid.
Wakey wakey, rise and shine. Again.
I said "it's only halfway in"
A life spent waiting for death.
It's not rape if she's dead.
'But I love him.' She said.
I told you, don't kiss me.
"Is she your girlfriend?" "I wish."
she said, "is it in yet?"
It is called Situational Awareness, LANA!
"Brace yourself!" said the agitated orthodontist.
Buttered rolls. Too many buttered rolls. 
Roommates suck. Never have one. Freedom.
How can this get any worse?!
She never told me to stop...
He had to survive. Death disagreed.
Gained drivers licence, lost best friend. 
"Is it Friday, yet?" Said Everyone.
Till natural termination do us part.
Found: missing persons, check the morgue. 
Got Better. Became Bored. I Relapsed. 
/r/sixwordstories: Lost love, drugs, and death.  
"Alright," I said. "Just this once."
I got a second chance...again.
We only have what we remember
Rule 34. Childhood TV shows ruined.
First Rule: You Don't Talk About...
Life: The best mmorpg out there.
"It doesn't matter; your opinion's wrong."
Reality- shackles on wings of dreams.
"Don't worry, that's not my blood."
Big funeral. Big speeches. Tiny coffin.
The king bowed to the peasant.
Please donate to SHE (Stop Human Extinction).
He told him, and she cried
Random subreddit: sixwordstories! Beautiful; modern haiku.
My sword was bloody. Dowry re-paid.
Who wants to have a contest?
Took chances. Risked everything. Worth it.
Drunk driver. Parents crying. Slurred apology. 
A hot potato. Trip to OB/GYN. 
Grey Goose vodka.  Trip down stairs.
Have not had sex since 12
I miss mommy. Me too son. 
I got cocky. She got even.
Borrowed a friend's skunk. Got laid. 
Coughing, she said, "Is it contagious?"
Bang. Race begins. Bang. Race stops.
She said nothing felt real anymore. 
They think my ticket's a return.
First extraterrestrial message received: "We're coming."
I desired happiness, she created drama.
Crucifix necklace. "Religious?" "No, just sentimental."
chemistry. gave my number. didn't call.
Loved exotic animals until my amputations.
Swiss watches tick to chinese heartbeats
She now happily goes by Max. 
"Please upvote." The post was deleted.
Burnt up before he was recovered. 
Hot shower: burn, lash, cauterize, forgive.
Mediocre subreddit deserves mediocre story.
I tap danced over his grave.
I wish I kissed her more
Insomnia + Red Bull = Restlessness
Sworn enemies, they parted ways reluctantly.
Turns out that it was poisoned
All I ever wanted was everything!
I ain't afraid of no... AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!
"Wonder how it'd feel, being dead."
I wish I had not looked.
Blade gave blood its metallic taste.
My black belt was not bulletproof.
I long to smell her again.
Got drunk, drove home, killed billions.
Found myself, before I found you
"The relationship died with the baby."
He told me, "I'm asleep now."
"marry me?" "Do I know you?"
If this is different, it's better.
I smiled, for the last time.
Divorced. 3 kids. Fought over dog.
In the end, no more words.
Sometimes I wish she would lie...
She died long before she passed.
Red faced and shaking, another down
Channel-surfing. MTV. Sees music video. Faints.
Brother attempted. My sisters never knew.
Plot Twist: Only five words... not.
Boss, roommate, friend, and secret lover.
Right as we kissed, I awoke.
You knew I would be happy
Ultimately, my Kung fu wasn't superior. 
After 7 long years I'm officially dead
I killed.You left. I'm dying.
Gravity has never let me down. 
Mother and newborn shared eternity, cremated.
Live the life you dream of!
Photo albums are totally not real!
I smiled and said, "It'll hurt."
That's why I never got pregnant...
"If I die, please eat me."
I felt like doing something daring.
Guilty of innocence. Aren't we all?
He stared at the screen, bewildered.
The icy claw touches your shoulder!
Saying goodbye was the hardest thing.
Swapped the pipe for the needle
Child just died; no one cares.
Can't say no if they're dead.
She aborted because diapers scare her.
Downloaded wrong car; needs oil. Trash.
In death she created new life
Slept with the devil. Got pregnant.
Laugh, cringe, cry, masturbate, news; Reddit. 
I died. I rose. You're next.
Biking on fresh pavement. Crisp air.
Life's hardly simple. It's simply hard.
Click. Click. Upvote. Click. Click. Downvote.
He gave it all back... almost.
She predicted things. None came true.
Closed my eyes. Saw the Truth.
Grinned, as my hair fell out. 
Shot the gun. Missed the wall.
There's nothing quite like giving up.
Three in the fucking morning. Again. 
She love him. He lusted them.
She embraced the cold, desolate darkness.
I hit an underwater wall, dam.
First date was last, car crashed.
Two. Heartbreak. Anger. One. Regret. 
None.
After he said that, we separated 
God - Heaven (LUCIF3R REMIX, HIGH QUALITY)
This feels a lot like nothing.
Post story. Spam F5. Any upvotes?
She sings my heart, I'm alone.
It's the overthinking that killed them
Born to be great. Got distracted.
Tombstone: Wake me up at six! 
Should've been successful, lost the drive.
I saw, I came, I apologized
Wanted: some good men. Bring masks.
I loved her, But she didnt
Meager portions. Riots. Takeover. Greed. Repeat.
I conquered.  I saw.  I came.
"She went. I came. He saw."
This sentence is too short.  Walrus.
"It smells like almonds in he-"
She laid in bed, wondering why.
Mortician sneezes. Hears "Bless you". Screams.
Results came today. It's just cancer.
The old man died on a friday.
Suck my cock, you stupid whore!
He's gone. The job went smoothly.
Her soul left her body alone.
Payed for college, with life insurance.
I was happy because she was.
The once spotless room was dusty.
I never did understand those shoes...
A jerk to all. Died easy.
Her father's reaction was... well... unfortunate.
Eat your babies. They taste great.
"Black sheep" only on mother's side.
He shoots. He scores. He overdoses.
"You smell good," remaining castaway said.
Just one rose on the coffin. 
My teacher is talking about placenta.
...and crucifixion was later spelled cruci-fiction. 
"Diamonds are forever." Our love wasn't. 
The sun set, then we lived
Everybody used ballots; she used bullets.
I shouldn't love you this way.
"Who are you?" "Your father."
Ate Dad's brain. Love Mom's cooking.
I'm a leaf on the wind.
Lion was hungry, now its full
Had we a chance? No clue.
I finally remembered how to cry.
"Sorry. This number has been disconnected"
They werent soldiers. Shrapnel didnt care.  
The Crucible; Abby bangs, John hangs.
Suicide saved me.  Literally. Organ donation
"You want the good news first?"

She loves me, but stayed married.
Today`s goal: Leave the house. Failed.
Brand New Baby Shoes, Never Used
My amnesia's gone!  Please, come back!
"Do you want the good news first?"
I saw you, smiled. You cried.
I just want to be happy.
Rope grips tight around my neck
Melodramatic words fall short of truth. 
Sometimes, you gotta play the idiot.
Slowly she faded away into oblivion. 
We are the most graceful waves."
I forgot to clean the bathroom
He is wise only unto himself.
A pirate ate breakfast at IHOP.
Shots fired. Four dead. School cancelled. 
Technical Support was unable to help.
It's easier when you're not helping.
"My lord", they begged, "have mercy".
Chair tips, feet dangle freely; Release.
As a Floridian, I swear I can count. 
Duplicate Message: 'I'm disappointed in you.'
Everything was scattered on the pavement.
Lost a lover; gained a friend. 
Dying - and I'm fucking loving it.
She was alone. I changed that.
Difficult eulogy.  Friend, fellow, cyclist.  Taken.
Sunny day; we didn't need Mittens
She's in love. Not with me...
Few will notice; none will mourn.
We posed together for pictures once.
You look fat in those jeans 
Everyones...dead? "Yes, sir. Well done."
My candidate won, the process works.
Keep what works, fix what's wrong
I rescued you from certain death.
Tomorrow's a hero, yesterday's a casualty.
And I'm just sitting here masturbating.
Got up on my own today.
Happiness, such a sad little lie.
He was finally sober. Also, comatose.
You have a lot to give.
Elliott Smith *was* a depressed musician. 
Tying nooses can be fun, once.
Please don't hate her, hate me.
I look happy on the outside.
"Are you alive?" "No."
"The sign says No Vacancy!" - Satan
Learning life is full of contradictions.
Lost in time. Stuck here forever.
Alchohol can never tell me "goodbye".
Where have all the Cowboys gone?
At last, the End. But wait...
Dust floated against dirty hotel curtains.
All the top rated ones suck.
She created worlds with her smile.
I'm in love, it feels horrible.
Can't poop because I'm at work.
Cutting onions, she could mourn safely.
Jesse only needs five words, bitch.
Existentialism got old. Alcoholism is easier.
Stuck in baby swing, call police.
Love isn't blind- it blinds us.
That was fun. Well. Now what?
God waited in heaven.  Nobody came.
We fear what we don't know.
"I love you"...all she heard.
Fascism Yesterday, Anarchy Today, Democracy Tomorrow
I'm slowly dying for a cigarette.
I wish I knew a joke. 
Commence crapping; oh shit, my cape!
She was always a lying cunt.
Bullets? Not the worst breakfast, personally.
"I'm really sorry you're so beautiful."
"my feelings mean more than yours"
Age is a number of spins. 
King dies same as the peasant. 
"Why didn't he come up yet?"
"Sir, step out of the vehicle"
Shots for all. Not in glasses.
After everything, I finally love her.
When we're young, we're all equal. 
Where am I, who am I?
She kissed me as she died
"Don't you think she looks tired?"
Sandy tore apart more than houses
Only she turned up. Great news.
My coworker kissed me on Friday.
Silence bounced back and killed her.
i wish i fucked more women.
Moment outside.Someone discovered eternity inside.
I knew her. She's dead now?
Lobbyists: "HFCS... comparable to table sugar."
Hipster Zombies; now selling vegan brains.
At the funeral, no one cried. 
My heart still does not beat. 
Climate change: the lower Manhattan story.
Took pills. I am a coward.
I lay beneath the brandished blade.
"Their universe is a one-way mirror."
Thanks for the ride, Mr. Gacy. 
"Their universe is like one-way mirror." 
"I'm hitting the road." He jumped.
sorry, no refunds on wedding cake.
Her testicles were firmer than usual.
Engineer's "sick" day. Space shuttle explosion.
Adrenaline. The turn tightened. Oh deER!
Wait... she's never worn lipstick before...
He dipped his balls in it.
Least it can't get any wors-
he say swag but nigga fuck
The corner read his last note.
When your story ended, mine began.
Right here, giving blood, keeping faith.
Low expectations, I realised, equals happiness.
Almost saw the car tumbling ahead.
My first was also my last.
I never saw her again.
The hotline started screening my calls.
Rejection hurts more than the solitude.
I am running out of words.
I know what I am doing.
He watched while his son tried
We then killed our own saviors.
Apparently they frown on wearing pants.
Who knew forever was so short. 
Admittedly, Pauly Shore's scent lingers.
unthrown. He dropped the grenade pin. 
I had a twin. Before birth.
Apparently, that's illegal in this county.
Come as you are...but later
R2D2 rang the doorbell with excitement.
You also can't change the future
 Telemachus- 
Might be late. 
Love, Dad
Chased. Caught. Beaten. Plotted. Avenged. Chased. 
I'm still waiting by the phone
He loved her, she loved him.
Two men entered, only one left.  
I feel ashamed for loving you.
Laid off; became the company's rival. 
Mutilating mice: the greatest human invention.
Love, forever. No more. Awaiting never...
"Things heal with time." "Not this."
YOLO mean you only live once
I swag so she fuck me
In Heaven, can't find my dad....
I taught myself to shave today
Drank too much. Didn't see her.
It was my mistake, not yours.
"You said you would be faithful."
Stuck In this Loop, Stuck In.
I honestly thought she was kidding.
Phone ran out, found my ds.
We're late for the Time Machine!
I sat there. Lonelier than ever.
Gun said five clicks. I survived.
Waiting at the airport. Siren Sounds.
Picked up that whore. Handed wallet.
Please rise! His holiness, the President!
Daddy drank. Daddy crashed. Mommy died. 
Sudden realisation: I am not alive.
The bar is my only friend.
Alfred, go prepare the Bat wheelchair.
Suddenly, my life became a joke.
Some of my friends are delusions.
Terrible beauty cursed the slum girl.
Seven, six, five, four, three, two...
Your death should have been mine.
She doesn't like me back...yet
Too much heroin ,unfortunately, means death.
It's not my fault she died.
This is getting boring, she said.
Eagle Seven down. Walking westward. Blizzard.
"What's keeping you up at night?"
Caring for her wears me down.  
A father buries his youngest son
The price of freedom is jail.
Turtleneck sweaters are the best sweaters.
In an instant, experience replaced innocence.
I look at my hands, blood?
Fire kills family. Father, guns, missing. 
When she laughed, the world ended.
Everybody look. I think he's gay.
"I'm bad with girls" Died single. 
He went alone, I felt rejected.
I'm so lonely when you're here.
Pillow safety walls separated yearning heartbeats.
Then I learned "devastation" is relative.
Lost again, that damned space monkey.
"This too shall pass", you said.
These niggas hating on my swag
What the fuck is that...? HELP! 
It's finally over. The sun rises.
His coat still smells like cigarettes.
Reached the last page! Finally. Bedtime. 
My house fell, the dog lived
I was unprepared for the squirrels.
Embraced his fate. Closed his eyes.
Snow fell for the first time.
Swirling void beckoning, lonely moonlit death.
Wore a mask. Cops didn't find.
I came, I saw, I changed.
I cook not for my girlfriend.
I am going to post one
"Better than Hemingway?" I said. "Yes."
I am going to make one
Roughly nine years ago, I died.
For sale: Soul. Only slightly used. 
"Upvotes to the left" - Carl Sagan
my dog puked on my bookbag
Me, my mom and dad, driving.
I was never much of a mathematician.
Six robots revive a giant robot.
Gadflies gasped, watching the chrysalis crack.
Sent Valentine's present. Received restraining order.
"Wait... that WASN'T his Halloween costume?!?"
Sunset Sasparilla ran out. Last chance.
Bookie wouldn't accept my wedding ring
Casino wouldnt accept my wedding ring
Nine months later, we share her.
"Hey y'all, watch this!" Last words.
Promotion at work. Finally living comfortably.
Snow fell for the last time.
Traded my future, she backed out.
Fell asleep at an empty bar
Do you charge extra for humans?
Moribund comatose agonizing bereavement demise fatality
God came out of the machine. 
Grabbed Shotgun.  He didn't make it.
Felt shitty, drank more. Felt Shitty
Scary Maze Prank (boy crying) - YouTube
Star stuff contemplating star stuff, yo.
She dumped me.  Truck dumped her.  
Sharpies. Wall. Child. New paint job.
Depression succeeded the will to live.
Loved her always, she never knew.
I hate it when I'm right.
Worst thing Dad called me? Son.
Acquired dirty milk jug.  Jerked off.
I am never doing that again.
"Oh good," he said. "That's great."
What back page? Failed the test.
The clockmaker's watch wasn't wound today. 
I gasped and ran away, back.
Text failed, you re-sent your resent.
Hat in the wind. "Doorknob, God."
His heart broke. Hers was empty. 
Homicide detectives make for lethal enemies.
They stepped in the wrong puddle.
Testing time. For science. You monster.
Raced against time.  Settled for silver.
New house. Checked freezer. Old Owner.
The computer detected one extra lifeform.
Found true love, it's amazing. 
Ignorance is bliss, yet nobody's happy.
Scared shitless of what's coming next.
Surprisingly, the barrel didn't taste greasy.
Last night, I didn't give up...
Doc... did you wash your hands?
Doesn't this count as six words?
Long story short.......Ewoks! 
Hearing no objections below, he jumped.
Reached into cupboard, hand grabs wrist.
Watched best friend die. Liked it.
I am alone, something is watching.
I came, I saw, I conquered.
You're absolutely hideous! Love the costume.
She said hello, I said goodbye.
Seeking attention, Dracula put glitter on. 
I had accidentally kidnapped Al Pacino
I will never know the truth.
This story is too short
There's a reason dogs hate him..
Taught to cry for nine months
Jumping through hoops slowly got easier. 
Hate funerals. But Dad's was hilarious. 
Babies, breakups, and lots of dying.
Delete the number, erase the memories
Crooked and broken, he walked again.
"Nobody likes Sandy, she's a windbag." 
Please, place these at my grave.
Grey is just shades of black.
Couldn't save her from the wind.
I'm so special, just like them.
She loves me, but I'm unhappy
What is this subreddit all about?
Wait, what is your name again? 
Shallow water is on the horizon
Flight of a singed winged bird.
Life's a bitch, then you die.
Went to war, never came back.
She walked up, then killed him.
Gave up, caved in, broke down.
Fell in love, been happy since
"I'll go to the gym, tomorrow..."
The laugh fooled me every time.
Miracle cure kills its 5th patient.
Six-word stories? Intrigued, then disappointed.
Unsurprisingly, she drowned during the baptism.
"They really do smell like tuna!"
Time is too afraid to land.
You're a memory in a shoebox 
I lied! I do have AIDS!
the beginning, the middle, the end.
Just a goldfish in a bowl.
Not due tomorrow? Don't do today.
Dawn beaded her strange, red smile.
"In bed" approves four word stories.
"I'm glad you have a friend..."
Low-tide. Sand castles. High tide.
Poop in shower, poke down drain.
The princess is in another castle
See how quickly we come unraveled? 
Finished climb. Looked down. Got high.
In war, no one ever wins.
Almost lived. Then the ambulance crashed.
God found. Dead; suicide. No note.
For once, I just let go.
I have no eyes, but see.
Typo loses war: Mullets accidentally requisitioned. 
My Reddit dharma: to get karma.
The difference? One of us survived.
Just a bad dream, Mr. Freeman
Till death do we part. Again.
Forever onward, she wore his smile.
Sandy stronger than anticipated. No survivors. 
And that was the last time.
"We are normal" whispered the voice.
After four years, I finally cried.
I regret ever having loved her.
Last Man Sat Alone; Door Knocked
"Humans, too, are just electrical devices."
Crowbar + theoretical physics = saving the world. 
Sorry I had to kill you.
That's me? Hate who I've become.
The thing then named itself "brain".
Oh God, what have I done?
I like Pie, it is good.
In my rage, I lost her
Started with nothing. Still have it.
"There is no cure." "Thank god."
SO laughed with me. He's deceased.
The hilt really complemented her chest.
belly button came undone; mess entrailed. 
Drunk again. Alone again. Cry again.
Opened eyes whilst shampooing.. Never again.
bellybutton knot came undone; mess entrailed. 
The Devil prevailed. No more hope.
He'll keep you safe. Kind of.
Shaving your pubes is easy. FUCK!
Her cough means she still lives.
Your son was taken. I'm sorry.
At first white, and then, nothing. 
I was the killer all along!
"My brain is different." Then BANG!
Life, no parole: a death sentence.
Threw out my last bible today.
Only learned to speak, to lie.
Cannibalism. You are what you eat.
Took the world by storm, almost.
The sword's edge was still sharp.
Human to animal communications changed everything. 
"Answer your names: Eric Harris?" "Present!"
I revel in the awkwardness of
Such beautiful eyes. I kept one.
They elected me - the unsuspecting fools...
It was then that I understood.
But it was not a dream.
Two siblings killed. Nanny is arrested.
World's Tallest Man! Now: Also shortest.
Give me one more chance...Adios.
Got Drunk. Said "I love you."
I am nervous for the future.
Last alive. No need for cure.
Ocean of faceless people haunts me.
 Nothing never existed. Atom championed Adam.
Cut my nipples off. Goodbye, friends.
"I was never quitting forever anyways."
"No my parents aren't home, why?"
World's only immortal attempts suicide... again. 
"Where is everyone?" Dorsal fins advanced. 
Wait! Time travel only works once.
Fighting myself every day. Never won.
Born a man, died a lady
No job, No money, Sick...Beware!
It was slightly unsettling meeting myself.
later found; antidote was the poison. 
Tracks led to his body, sleepless.
It'd been a long day. Bang!
She cried. He lied. It ended.
Bombs bombs terrorists bombs bombs terrorists
"The light was green.  I'm sorry..."
wait, you mean I'M God? Shit.
His honesty was ultimately his fate.
Dead End. Time to face it
Do not love me so fiercely 
"took my hat and my leave"
What will the last photograph be?
Coroner's Report. Cause of death: Hypochondria 
This has passed before. You've forgotten.
Left me for him. He's cheating
Where do we go now? "Anywhere."
Life: the answer. Birth, 40, death. 
I gave a shit.... literally. Fired.
Yes officer, it just popped off.
"Hello?" "Hello, it's your father." "...Who?"
"I never loved her." Another drink.
...then I saw yours, and wept.
My last week of high school.
Born Poor. Lived Fabulously. Empty Funeral.
-Where's Freddy? -Dead ten years. "Alzheimer's."
Get knocked down. Get up again.
Get knocked down, get up again.
and She became a He again
That bird keeper has big tits!
AssassinCorp! Call now for killer rates!
Gauntlet thrown, unaccepted. Vengeance indefinitely postponed.
One less face in the world
We expect Utopia, but create dystopia.
You Only Live Once, study confirms.
You Only Live Once, study finds.
God, it hurt. Held her anyway.
Seeking absolution, he took the pistol.
Jump, knead, lay. Fur on everything. 
I'm so sorry, he said smiling.
From that distance? They couldn't hit--
I will just do it tomorrow.
The real Slim Shady stood up.
Captured. Stamped. Starved. Called illegal. Forgotten.
They killed me before meeting me
How could a person do that?
Land of the free; conditions apply.
Sued them over spilled coffee.. CH-CHING!!
Her screams fell on dead ears.
In my room entered a cat.
"Sorry, we're looking for someone experienced"
Rock Paper Scissors. Won that bobble-head.
Death's agony misery consternationed trauma regrets.
No Smoking. Outdoor patio straight ahead.
Her death took my life too.  
I was tired, so I slept. 
Do you want fries with that?
A suicidal person plays Russian Roulette.
"No hard feelings, right?" She said
She seemed nice before the operation.
I'm going to return some videotapes. 
"Siri, how to tie a noose."
Cold steel never forgets human vengeance.
"It's time," she said. "Just relax."
swimmer found drowned during first lesson.
Tried coffee. Went black, went back.
"Cheaters" the Professor lectured ironically, "lose."
Russian Roulette. Six bullets. We lost.
Will this blood leave a stain?
Inhale. Exhale. Inhale. Flutter. Tense. Exha-
His mouth laughs but eyes cry.
Smoked a fatty. Fucked a fatty.
Birth control not effective against stupid
Swing set laughter silenced. Cancer screams.
Swing set laughter preluding cancer's scream
Meesa seen C-beams at Tannhuser Gate
Life started interfering with the drug. 
Best Friends Forever! Eventually we drifted.
Broken, he spends another night sleepless.
Let's burn down the cornfield, baby.
Guess what, Reddit? I'm an atheist.
For the last time, he wept.
Freak accident! Twin becomes only child
Ain't pretty, but alive as requested.
She shuddered silently, and was gone.
You're telling me that I've changed.
Debate night, I'm moving to Canada
Found: bodiless head in public library
Dear diary,
Sorry I haven't written.
Just want someone to actually care.
The ghosts refused to haunt us.
Had no competition. Still came second.
A day late, A dollar short
Watching her love him really hurts.
I couldn't hide it fast enough ...
Three niggers, one check, two dead
Earth without art is just "Eh."
I never did learn how to count.
Found: Headless body in topless bar. 
He called five minutes too late.
I'm sorry, I have a boyfriend.
Tears, screams-- hidden under that pillow.
"Determine which murderer is the victim."
The patient flatlined. The doctor smiled.
A six word haiku? / Unrealistically / polysyllabic.
Beans?  We'd rather have some bacon.
Actually, his beauty was skin deep.
I never found my Mr. Darcy.
"Why should I?", Well, Why not?
I saw my corpse and laughed.
Monitor escalates schoolyard grudge to murder.
I just want to go home.
Crying. Spilt milk on the floor. 
Everything in life sucks. Upvotes please.
oh. life is an amazing thing!. 
The headlights illuminated the rainy street.
Haiku begins, but lacks sufficient space.
"Am I dreaming?" God said, "no."
I don't know. I never will.
Iron chair. Straps. Eyes on lever.
I write everyone's love but mine.
"We come in peace," they lied.
I will always wear long sleeves.
Honey, we're out of toilet paper!
Coulda stolen a cop car. Didn't.
Yoga pants. Strictly for couch surfing.
That's pretty much the whole thing
The flightless warned us against this.
Geiger screams near "accidental" 
scratch.
Just like that, she never died.
"I want home." "You are home."
On your mark. Get set. Cancelled.
"I killed you!" "I don't care."
Longest thing you'll have is life.
Attempted writing happy stories. Failed miserably.
Two girls. One cup. Zero redemption.
Journalism. Punishable by death. Worth it. 
I keep hearing, "Once more daddy!"
It would never be the same
"If it helps, they died quick."
"Was he worth us?" He asked.
They published your six word story!"
I wished her Happy Birthday before twelve. 
I had a good day today!
"Sorry ma'am, visiting hours are over."
Basic Knife Throwing: ALL CLASSES CANCELLED
"That's what she said," She said. 
"Sorry ma'm, visiting hours are over."
No more half measures. Full measures.
I will rest after your coronation.
Life. Were your decisions worth it?
"Just statistics." "They're people, damn it!"
wanted: one gun. two hollow points
Finally, the tower had a visitor.
Home wasn't far, but he stumbled.
We're just casualties in the end. 
Best Man. Which wedding, she asked?
Twenty years. Returned...Why... Left forever.
Shy kid. Dreamer. Bad parents. User.
9 months. 79.2 short years. Eternity
Ooo. I've never swallowed it before
I think, therefore I am. Wrong.
Pregnant?! Oh God... Who's the father?
Dad got home, sure was happy.
Bloodied sheets. "But she deserved it."
Fear me, I killed them all.
Sweating, God asked, "Who created me?"
"Stop screaming!" He yelled at her.
One day you'll be a photograph.
Friend zone. Stockholm Syndrome. Happy marriage.
I killed him. All of them.
Thinking hurts. I envy the stupid.
The real slim shady stood up.
Tapping. Big Tug.  I pull.  Snap.
"Any last words?" "I love you?"
Bullied all his life. Watch out....
William Tell's son died loving archery.
If only essays were this short.
Drank some coffee, went to sleep.
School's an endurance test. For life. 
"Boys will be boys"?  Not me!
Young schizophrenic at her mind's mercy
I needed a toilet, and quick.
Russian roulette.  Fully loaded.  "You first."
Once upon a time, the end.
Heaven at last! Is that Hitler?
He fell asleep in my arms  (:
Lived a hero, died a villain
One ticket per person per lifetime.
In the beginning, God got started.
I attended my own funeral again.
And then I heard a *click*
No, my ex's was TOO big!
These parenthesis can (not) be ignored
Dad's last words: "I regret you."
Did it in five words
"Heart piercing" backfires.  Love conquers awl.
"Ready?" "Yes!" seconds later, he's dead.
So much wasted potential.  Damn Drunk.
With tears, "Don't touch me daddy." 
How did you find me again?
I'm beside myself! The cloner works.
Attic. It's waiting. But I'm hunting.
I'm almost home. Wake the kids.
Blood went everywhere. Worst. Circumcision. Ever.
With black eye, she returned home.
My Manboobs flutter with the wind.
Tried. Failed. Gave up. Killing time.
I don't hear her laugh anymore
Time goes fast, then it's gone.
My love could not conquer cancer.
Disowned shortly after I came out
She said my grip felt familiar.
Bang. Dust. Stars. Earth. Life. Love?
There is no God. Now pray.
Aloof at work... My mind, gone.
Since the accident, I can't count anymore.
Then I woke up.  All alone.
Finally! I am Perfect! ... now what...
"No, Grasshopper, you may NOT come in."
He tells himself he's over it.
I reached enlightenment, I became depressed.
I'm always lost, but never forgotten.
Come in, child! We'll eat well.
Checked Ex's FaceBook, no new pics.
Wine and Beer, Enjoy the cheers.
I'll hate him till we die.
Does anyone know if Hemingway wrote any other six 
word stories?
He died, she cried, I giggled.
Reincarnation rocks. I have wings now.
"Describe yourself in one word." "No."
Screams German orders tearfully in sleep.
I loved her. Never knew her.
With love we stained the sheets
Age was not just a number
sixwordstories is my new favorite subreddit
Like time, her hand passed through.
I ran out of dreams today.
Hey. Hey. Hey. Smoke weed everyday. 
We met, we loved, we disconnected.
I did it! I am happy!
Revolve, repress, revolt, relinquish, revive, repeat.
Every depressed word found no audience.
Goateed Hawking wins Nobel War 
Prize.  
Ugga hated her guts. Awful taste.
Her lies; a lie. He jumped.
"EVERYBODY MAKE SOME NOOOIIIIIIIIIIIISSE!" Gunshots sounded.
sixwordstories are usually sad, positivity rewards.
Come home, I poured it out.
Car stolen: Reward offered, no questions.
He told her; she never cried.
Bitter day after sugar refinery explosion.
To hell and back. Never moved. 
Dead inside. Please do not resuscitate. 
Are quotes allowed in this subreddit?
If man exist, god cannot exist
"I'll never die" Didn't make it.
Sitting on hands, met a stranger.
Nearby glass gives me my friend
That day, everyone's eyes went white.
She died because the minutemen hate.
Heels over head. Aaaas yoouuu wiiish.
Take my gun. Save one bullet.
Footage shows Bailiff ducks before explosion.
When Politicians Speak, They Speak Lies.
He celebrated his 90th birthday alone.
Prodigy sues parents for self custody.
Fear remained ; he left instead, Freed. 
Under 'date of death'- two dates.
Should we save men that kill?
For sale: Baby shoes, blood stained.
Waiting impatiently. She's late; it's over.
"It's our fiftieth. Table for one."
Fat man. Small door. Tears flow.
Birthday invites sent. Nobody came. Surprise 
Birthday invites sent. Nobody came. Surprise! 
I was never good at following directions.
After 8 years, I finally passed!
Touch-down! The wrong draft selected him.
Psychic's stolen purse only contains 
mousetrap.
Happily skipping , she passes the bodies. 
There is still hope: Duct tape.
You can become anything! They lied.
"Side-effect: Temporary skitzophranoa" Never Went Away. 
No meat? No pudding; per Queen.
He took my real virginity tonight.
Birthday. Invites sent. Nobody came. Again. 
Friendly fire was unfriendly to Jack.
Adam eats apple; freedom from god.
(SEQUEL: Curious Adam looked for the Tree)
She still cries every Mother's Day.
World record! Taunted drunken sociopath . . . twice!
So I found this reddit link...
Bulimia: She feels beautiful, yet empty.
Anyone who overgeneralises is an idiot. 
Boy meets girl; girl meets girl.
Orange mail, woohoo! Click. "Fuck you."
Goodbye mis, thanks for the visit
Murdered. He can't hurt her anymore.
"Don't jump", they screamed. He jumped.
Restraining order lifted. Chucky Cheese anyone?
"Your hardest will always be enough."
She forgot to lock the door.
The tombstone read: "Destroyer of Himself"
After that, "we" becomes just "me"
Flash Strangers. Commit Suicide. Internet Famous.
A great subreddit quickly became /r/dramaticstatements.
Turned On. Tuned In. Dropped Out.
Worse has happened to better men.
Awake. Eat. Work. Sleep. Repeat. Die.
Friend borrowed razor, his beard remained.
Bunkbeds separated to accommodate boys' growth.
Pulled it out. She walked out.
Trusted you again. Now I'm infected.
The collective appetite of our lifestyles
"It's...broken. We can't go back." 
"It's done." The bloody knife fell.
Slow-cooked Suicide: from Paula Deen's Kitchen!
Turns out, I was never alive.
Statement vs. Story: explain the difference?
Men will fight, men will die.
even bad blowjobs are good blowjobs... (ftfy)
Break sound barrier; acquire bitches? Noted. 
Anxious his mom's gone to hell
Was a slave. Saved by Death.
Login, submitted, downvoted, flamed, troll fodder.  
rape is such a strong word.
Beth loves Julia. Julia hates everyone.
Even bad pizza is good pizza...
God, I love you so much.
Time running out! Achievement unlocked. Whew.
"I'm hungry for meat," she said.
"Dear, the meaning of life is
Today, the sun burned out again.
 Trapped forever in trailer trash tragedies.
Example story makes every post morbid.
The Real Slim Shady stood up.
Met. Dated. Loved. Left. Lost. Cried.
Remember yesterday; live today; die tomorrow.
Maternal embrace, a little too tense. 
Seeking: Someone to help me forget.
Love is patient, but she wasn't. 
There are things worse than death.
They embraced; ashes fell with snow.
Afterwards... we were different... from everyone. 
She was great before the whippets.
I cant raise the baby myself.
The ashes blended with the snowfall.
Failed to kill my imaginary friends.
My life's work complete, I wept
It bit as hard as truth.
Governments exchanged their gold for syrup
YouTube will love this....OH, FUCK!
Knock knock. "There's been an accident."
I waited, but she never came.
Pretend the trucks are crashing waves.
Clown car thieves apprehended, booking ongoing.
Recent lady troubles nullified by biking
Invited everyone I knew. Nobody came.
Fucked bitches; made money.  Enough said.
Heads I go; tails you go.
I heard Everything in the Silence.
Crazed panda escapes zoo, terrorizes senate.
I ask her out. Journey ensues.
It's in yours! No.. Mine! Inconceivable!
Candlejack sure is one really nice
The door never locked until today.
"Wake up!", said the bee girl.
Candlejack sure is a nice g-
Immune, I watched my friends die.
I'm stiff. So is my girlfriend.
The Real Slim Shady stood up
I went on Reddit. Goodbye, Life.
I lay there, quietly bleeding out
Mother's beads. They've seen some things.
Darkness envelopes. Thoughts materialize. Fears paralyze.
After some time, Hydrogen named itself
She would never know his smell.
"Quiet here," she told nobody, postmortem.
Seeing no progress, he gave up.
He loved wrestling, he also sucked.
Rage, fear, love: only a tear.
That was then, that was it.
What is it Tom? Tom?? TOM!!
A wise man once said nothing.
Rage, fear, love: all in a tear.
Cut down the street, they said. 
Kidnapper caught. Not enough to convict.
"Careful! I have osteoperosis!" She snapped.
I forgot a condom that night.
Summer went, along with my innocence.
"Fuck you." "No, fuck you."
Today, my child becomes an orphan.
Saddened man writes. Climbs. Falls...unburdened.
A wife, once happy, now dies.
Today the vegetarian chose barbecue lunch
I made a cake for her.
You say he's just a friend.
His eyes closed, one last time.
six word technical manual: "press button to operate, use caution"
Petrified woman pursued. Assailant? No, Pygmalion.
High. Truth lies in my eyes.
The glass revealed its bottom. Despair.
Crumbling newspaper: "The nukes are coming".
Heartbroken, she leaps into the breach.
The World rejoices, hero's aren't there.
Mayans aren't right. Because I'm left.
Lifetime's memories forgotten. Family unrecognised. Alzheimer's.
We stopped to watch Earth expire.
Clicked "Random".  Found Six Word Stories.
Honeymoon isn't as fun without you.
Any cylindrical object will be fine.
Right then, bad things started happening
"Tomorrow", she said. Tomorrow never came.
Pulls, shoots. Pulls chute. Successful escape.
Don't tell anyone... about the plan.
Write, read, delete. Abandon competitive penmanship
They asked me. I said no.
Tomorrow never came. I'm still waiting.
Left for years, his room untouched. 
She's literally already with another man.
Interesting headline. Damn--six word story.
I was real! only for her...
I feel stiff. Said the necrophiliac.
The child cried. The mother lied.


Gentle humming, cursor flashing, Ready? Load.
Why? Everyone asked. No note, even.
12 Year old. 12 Year sentence.
Mom's depressed; her lawyers are mean.
Cannot move beyond that hellish night.
So really, he didn't love her?
What do we say? Not today.
I came. I saw. I came. 
Where can I buy Plan B?
It added. It explored. It removed.
"But, Why?" "Because it was fun."
Her howl faded to a whisper
Sky as blue as your goodbye.
infinity. Punishment for illegal time-travel is
Thought of Melissa, her perfection. Cried.
Lost in a cold, impersonal world.
Clean on the first wipe, perfection!
At work, write six word stories
Two cards, estate deed, nine millimeter. 
Masterpiece's worth reevaluated after artist's resurrection
As the cow emerged, she yelled.
My palmist suddenly started wearing gloves.
I get paid in Bacon Strips
My palmist started to wear gloves.
My old palmist always wears gloves.
Broke my heart. Broke her hymen.
Violin's strings echo the harmonious trap.
Suddenly, his wire snapped. Gone forever.
so close. so far. so sad.
Fingernails were found at the scene.
One mistake. Life changed completely, forever.
Excavation site on mars; fossils found.
Her pink hairbrush, unmoved, collecting dust.
She only loved what I was
Her pink hairbrush, covered in dust.
Remembering the past, forgetting the future.
Looks infected. Aim for my head.
Boomerang champion comes back from dead.
Life will start when laziness ends.
If only we had more time.
High noon; tumbleweed. Draw. Justice served.
"main characters discover they are fictional"

Done giving you chances. It's over.
There is no joy in life
"I'm going home now."- Felix Baumgartner (xpost from /r/quotes)
Switched his suicide note with mine.
Didn't think he could kill me.
It will crumble. Soon, my pets.
My pillow still smells like her.
I always meant to visit Dad.
The phone will ring, nobody answers.  
Heretic burned alive while changing bulb.
"Can't kill us all!" They could.
New town. New skin. Old fears.
I moved on, she woke up.
Forgot to Live, Remembered to Die.
First time. Underwhelming. Decapitation is tedious.
Indubitably ineffable how awesome now is 
Immune, I watched friends die.
Why did I ever love you?
She laughed last. I laughed hardest.
Oh my god... She's really dead.
Two feet twitching over an armrest
Thought she was gone. Thought wrong.
Anorexia is going to kill me.
Falling down stairs left a handprint.
Daddy, please don't hurt Mama anymore.
All that followed him was death.
I am so sorry for this.
Walking along a crevice of euphoria 
Red face. Blue tears. Purple Heart.
The first time, light came through....
Spilling blood. Doorbell rang. "Nobody's home."
"Welcome to Hell," he said, smiling.
Procrastinating, found this subreddit. I failed.
Rubbed it out, now it's gone.
That's the last time I hardfart
Paralysed, depressed; denied right to die.
God becomes Man, Man becomes God
And a pregnancy test changed everything.
First World Anarchist making his first story
Finally, they heard the first heartbeat.
"Last time was yesterday," she said.
The ball dropped, over the fence
Buy prostitutes, not porn - shop local!
I always try but am misunderstood.
I was born in the darkness. 
Is that plane supposed to be-
No1's Free When Others Are Oppressed
Thump. "What was that," he slurred.
They both knew it was over.
The baby boomers will die soon.
Highway 41 bus driver starts 
sweating.  
Baby shower cancelled; closed-casket funeral.
"Collateral damage" won't bring her 
back  
I sold her ring, still warm
President's finger hovers  over red 
button  
You'll understand once you fuck me
Preacher man hiding winning 
lottery ticket.
You gotta stop criticizing yourself asshole.
She headbutted. He fell. Natural justice.
Planet Felineous demands catnip 
bomb ban
Charred newspaper headline 
"Comet strike unlikely" 
Pacifist becomes activist to kill time.
Hungry, so hungry... just a bite.
Former Paralympian trains for the Olympics. 
He cried as he reloaded again.
Pregnant? Guess it wasn't rape after-all.
Ozymandias, King of kings. Not anymore.
See me die, the mighty Surt.
Hurry! Kick her while she's down.
His only daughter wasn't hungry anymore.
Amazing BBQ ribs. Where's your husband?  
"You murdered him!" Horse responded, "nay."
Seeing my reflection in the knife
"I love you." "Ok, see ya."
fell asleep; dreaming unto the future.
Six words is not enough.
Don't know why she won't communicate.
She remembered my birthday for once.
Former Olympian trains for the Paralympics.
Hurry son. Don't make a sound.
If only tomorrow could be yesterday.
First game. Home run. Runs home.
Needle enters arm. "Fuck," says doctor. 
She found you sleeping next door.
Shame she never agreed to lie
Three placemats at the table now.
"So, good cop, bad cop, yeah?"
I AM committed...institutionally and psychopathically.
What's the rule on hyphenated words?
And she whispered, "Take me home."
We broke up, I broke out.
"Seventy-five pounds is the perfect weight!"
For sale: Brooklyn Bridge, great deal.
Ordered chair; received bobcat. Zero stars.
Deep enough underwater now, I inhale.
It was grandma's 31st birthday yesterday. 
Her smiling eyes stoke me insides
They came, but not in peace.
Love. Separation. Despair. Depression. Rebirth -Life
Unspeakable carnage; Free Cone Day outlawed.    
"Who's there?" "Candy Gram." Land Shark.
"It isn't 'him'. It's 'them'" - psychiatrist
Autopsy reveals marked cards filled 
rectum.
She didn't yell 'Help!' loud enough.
Can't say much, with six words.
She walked out, suitcases already packed.
Alone at another father daughter dance.
"Now we just - oops." -Nuclear Physicist.
You said seduction. I say blackout.
"only us, I guess" she said.
"Who are you?" asked the solipsist.
Amnesia was my mind's only defense.

Bumped into it in the dark. 
Who taught you to hate yourself?
The door opened, "Two blue lines."
Never Need To Read The Comments.
"ALIENS!" Exclaimed the Little Green Man.
Two of us, love. One bullet.
Heeeeyyyyyyyyy Sexy Lady. Oppa Gangnam Style!
His childhood disappeared with his screams
Dagger, Rope, Lead Pipe, Candlestick, Revolver, Wrench.
"Won't work" still had to try.
Survived the trenches. Not the noose.
Her room; books with no bookshelf.
The cadaver turned and said: "schizophrenia"
Wake Up... Still Drunk? Keep Partying.
My strength lost to her smile.
Apathy breeds hate. "I don't care."
"Time to go" "Im not here"
When do we become United States?
Not on my watch, fart breath!
"It hurts." "Everything will be fine."
"You're definitely not eating animal meat."
"Hello." she said. "I'm your mother."
'Hello.' she said. 'I'm your daughter.'
The stranger it gets, the better.
"Mr. President, why"? "To save humanity".
She said she loved me too...
Dishonored, discharged, broke down and drunk.
ten seconds remaining, cutting the blue. 
Born one second, Dead the next
She'll be coming 'round the mountain.
Six words and no one cared.
"Sorry. Your flight is confirmed, soldier."
Fuck you and your six words.
sought revenge. got revenge. still angry.
"Don't call me that in public."
"I'll call you." I can answer
Ashes, ashes, we all fall down.
This is a six word story.
She did not want me anymore.
Why do the angels have horns?
It went up. It came down.
She got married. Another man died.
Chemistry Teacher Cooks Meth, Mayhem Ensues.
How boring it must be. Fart.
"Say something to me, Daddy! Please!"
She broke it up. I laughed.
Knowledge Reigns Supreme Over Nearly Everyone
"Everywhere and his nasty parlour tricks."
A lie, overblown. Centuries later; religion.
No one understands better than Satan
Another year, another home, another tear. 
So...What happens after life?...nevermind...
You were right, I AM dying...
"Never drinking again," she thought wearily.
Stupid husband incorrectly fixed 
brakes AGAIN!!
Curiosity finds something on Martian surface; 
Fallen angel lost wings, gained humanity.
My God, it's full of stars!
One last bedtime story. "Goodbye, son."
one million dollars, no one calls.
Three knocks, two men, one flag.
The only time diarrhea was useful. 
No Change Given, dies of thirst. 
We solved everything. It solved nothing.
Boss made mistakes. Took the blame...
I was wrong. This changes everything.
Honeymoon suite: He woke up alone.
"He never really chose you, Pikachu"
I exist. You don't. Leave me.
We regret to inform you...Sigh
Bad Breakup- she left, him next.
Iron war. Man. Machine. biological extinction.
Yesterday I learned to live. Today-
I know I will love again.
Carjack someone else; we have weapons
Crowded school cafeteria... my table's empty.
Dream to remember. Drink to forget.
God apologized to nature for humans.
Neighbors Downstairs Know What I Do
She's not here. Why am I?
Never wanted this, but it's done. 
"I love you" was never meant.
Your fate is at its end.
"Mother deceased. Funeral tomorrow. Faithfully yours."
What goes around just caught up
Discussion of "For sale: baby shoes, never worn."
Between freedom and safety - choose freedom.
She was mine. I wasn't hers.
Receiving television from the future. Disappointed.
"I won't let go." I lied.
Don't date chicks with long canines.
Here's an idea: let's stop thinking.
B.I.G
"Best years of our lives? Ha."
First bus late, last bus early.
Sudden influx of Mars stories here.
I wasn't a rational human being.
Born. Dreamt. Nine to five. Died.
Glad that's over with. Let's begin.
He hung up. Then quietly, "goodbye".
Apparently necklace didn't fit, rope did.
Adventure? No thanks, I've had enough.
We became golden, released, and fell.
"This Planet Was Never Truly Yours." 
The cake is a lie... today.
Last man on earth hears doorbell.
I'm lonely, but she's still waiting...
You're the reason I stay here.
Mirrors facing mirrors, space always expanding
Day breaks over the survivors camp.
Human becomes machine. Machine becomes human.
I did it, it is done.
"My Fellow Americans..." Power went out.
My daddy left for Mars yesterday!
Sun rise. Last day. All night.
Resistance outside the realm of time
Five children. Three lived. Two tried.
Alive. Still waiting for the sun.
We are the Earth's forgotten skin
"Don't let go!" "Yeah, about that..."
She still hears her aborted child.
OKCupid thinks we should be together.
Rejection letter on freshly abandoned bridge.
Long day. Bar only serves O'Doul's.
Hi, my name is Regis Philbin.
Every man fears death until dying.
"Look now, beauty is the beast"
I love you. I'm very sorry.
That one punch changed my life.
Distinguished Alumni commits suicide post reunion. 
Horoscope frighteningly specific.  Suicide escapes discovering.
"Oh my god, are those real?"
I instinctively count while reading these.
After she left, I cried alone.
He shot Three. C'mon keep missing.
Cowboys and vampires lost all masculinity.
"Don't let go!" We fell together.
Your angels? Those are my demons.
We should've listened. Help us, please.
My parents divorced. Good for them.
Old man dies. Discovered weeks later.
From the sea, to the door. 
They warned me: "We despise strangers."
Making up stories, isn't my profession.   
Father speaks; son listens, does otherwise.
Missed my armpit, hit my face.
Mars Declared War, I Switched Sides. 
Alphabetical destruction:  Humans, hyenas, now hymens?
Yours sincerely forever, Dr. Sheffield Corduroy
Floating bunny, you've had enough mushrooms.
Yours sincerely forever, Dr.Sheffield Corduroy
Adelia Rose, So Did My Penis. 
I need a gun. No, bigger.
I'll wait forever if need be.
You will never love me back.
The never worn ring was returned.
I chose to die on Mars.
If he sees you, just stay.
That was my first. I know. 
In the end...we all lost. 
"Here's the kick... AND IT'S GOOD!"
I found her in the closet
Excellent debate; suffered through the buffering.
"My Fellow Americans..." The power shut off.
Dad's mistress: My teacher. Face palm.
Everyday, I drown in her eyes.
You're their enemy. They're your friends.
My daughter fed the pitbull Tobasco.
A wide world yet feet rooted.
I pay to see my sister.
There was never only one witness.
I saw God the other day.
"I cut the wrong wire, Brenda"
He hits me almost everyday now.
Candle extinguished. A voice whispers, "Finally."
Does anybody want a diamond ring?
"I guess we aren't bi-curious anymore."
Checked the bus, forgot the weather.
Quick, zip up. .. Not *that* quick!
Guys? Weren't there five of us?
Terrified, boy cries wolf. Nobody comes.
her eyes ripped right through me
Purgatory's cafeteria makes the best sandwiches.
Me experiment done broke my mind.
Writer scribbles dying words. Disappearing ink.
He moved forward, loving but unloved.
I did all that I could
"Go fuck yourself," said the prostitute.
It bled? It's not even alive!
Six words are too many.
Successful artist, failure of a man.
All of my interactions are introductions.
"It should have worked that time."
Snitching will only get you stitching.
Umbilical cord for a wedding ring.
I always check, its never her. 
I wasn't taught how to count well.
Rounded the corner, bumped into tomorrow.

Don't worry, child. It's almost over.
I tried leaving Kobe Bryant's bed.
If I'm dead, nothing will matter.
Red dress, paradise in her eyes
I am completely, and irrevocably, alone.
A crowded hospital room goes silent.
I'm just intolerant? Fuck you, too.
Slowly, I fasten up. "We're down!"
An open window. An empty crib.
Now She Shares My Last Name
Open the door, embrace the world.
"Adorable" origami gift secretly love 
note.  
I'm still alive... God damn it.
Cut the brakes! Wild card, bitches!
I'm not a whore. Never again.
Anchor is holding ! I'm safe alas. 
We hid machetes under the pillows.
Wooden box too small for eternity.
Life's worth living until it's not.
She recast our story's male lead.
"think thoughts" thought my thoughts thinking.
Teased. Bullied. Beaten. Teases. Bullies. Elected.
Has it been a year already?
"Come into the light". I fled.
has it been a year already?
Help me G-d, I'm going mad.
No, I wasn't wearing a condom. 
"Son, I am not your father."

Cheerfully late for OCD support 
group. 
Halloween contest runner-up 
vaporizes judge.
He wanted love, but needed promiscuity.
Little Red was the real wolf.
I just wish dad was here.
Razors were like her best friends.
For once, running towards flashing lights.
There's only one way to go. 
Exam. Forgot what I never learned.
The love of my life remarried.
Lost his dignity, gained more crack.
"We're not hiring at this time."
Girl screams rape, train goes by.
I'm invisible until you need me.
I am so sorry for everything
"Go to hell." "I'm already here."
Please don't let him be president.
blank page beside an empty glass
For once, towards the flashing lights.
Lovebird lawyers litigate their prenuptial disagreement. 
Dust.  Soil.  Plant.  Animal.  Human.  Dust.
A single tear hit the ground
The sequel: snakes, planes, Mike Tyson.
She lost faith after he died.
You had me at chloroform cloth.
*Pick Me* screamed her wagging tail.
What? Watch Arrested Development again??......Absolutely.
"Your dad's gone," my mother smiled.
Crematorium party...what could go wrong?
I'm that guy who killed God.
Some things are better left unread.
The skeleton in the closet left.
It was better under the rock
Sun's almost up. We made it.
"The fuck is this?" "Pug extract."
Condom supply depleted, Gilligan repairs boat.
Suddenly, there in the doorway...fatigues.
I'll be fine. Just needs time.
Portrait blinked again, better stay 
awake .
Goodbye Wasn't meant to be Forever.
Breakup letter errors circled in red
"Where have you been?" "The pub."
I'm utterly exhausted, hard-work pays off. 
Completion, searching. Rejection, depression. Achievement, success.
The answer is don't have one.
There's a monkey in my guacamole.
Murder. Tied the knot. Dropped. Swung. 
Six desperate words of wasted effort.
Red budget, white knuckles, blue blood.
I need one more word.
At least the bourbon doesn't judge.
You're not alone, just look up.
I'll always regret never saying goodbye.
Please, Mr. Satan's my father's name.
Half of the closet now empty.
"Daddy's got you", his last words. 
Find someone who makes you happy.
calm... calm... calm... NOT CALM ANYMORE
Tendons torn. With that, scholarship gone.
In apathetic acceptance we neglected direction
Listen here asshole, no more diarrhea. 
Dad discovers secret lovers under covers.
Ditch school. Don't think. Paint walls.
The dog ate my doctoral thesis.
Once wasn't supposed to become addiction.
Raekwon, you are not the father.
The empty fortune cookie was right.
He knelt. She cried. Said YES!!!!
How lovely that feeling would be
One year. Their wedding, her funeral. 
Left for deployment, came home dad.
six words? surely that is not...
I would have been your daddy.
She saw the suitcase. Tears welled.
Merry Christmas? I got a wheelchair.
"Let's brew this." Said the cafetiere.
Merry Christmas. I got a wheelchair.
Wedding bells. Slow isolation.  Long loneliness.
I made mistakes. Mistakes made me.
One drink too many to drive.
stalk a bitch , got a stitch
Charming, as ever, she destroyed him.
Always colder hands now warmed hers.
"Never forget.""Sorry, I wasn't listening."
As He left, She just watched.
Stranger at my party was me.
Greg was short, for his height.
Nobody took Comedy seriously, except Drama.
"It won't heal."  "It has to."
The less they know, the better.
"Run, Run." says the monster. Introspection.
Is five words really not enough?
Unsubscribed from /r/depression, subscribed to /r/suicidewatch
None, not 'til we replace them.  
This isn't a six word story
Drove drunk. Car crashed. Closed casket. 
This time is different, I'm sure.
"Are you a serial killer?" "...Yes."
Life's precognitive prcis.  Best left unread.
Thought he'd be okay to drive...
We told him she was sleeping.
Neighbors Downstairs Know What I Do 
"No survivors, got it?" "Yes sir."
Father buried son. Mother buried father.
Love of my life felt differently.
When i'm bored. Reddit entertains me. 
My heart breaks thinking of you.
I never meant to relapse again
Cake day: No pets, No Karma
Buried crowbar: victimless crime's only witness
"Abuse" and "discipline" are often synonymous.
Family discovered secret. Getting really hungry.
I think in forevers and afters.
"Once a theif, always a theif."
Maybe one day, he'll love me.
finally, he said yes to himself.
You only ever see the scar.
A country road. A tree. Evening.
Nine months and a new person...
Going home to get some strange.
After 60 years, he's now alone.
He said he only had two drinks...
The forensics found shaving cuts. Post-mortem.
Death Row. Last Meal? Chewing Gum.
Half the story.
More than Argentina cried for her.
Lip quivers behind plastic surgeon's mask.
Found this reddit using random button.
Heartbroken; she mistook promiscuity for freedom.  
I hope I don't fuck up... Dammit.
Six months together...gone in seconds.
She was broken. He was fine.
Hanging by a thread; need scissors
Grave robbers took everything...well, almost.
Tied the knot today. Funeral's tomorrow.
Confounded! A Pickle jar enrages chimpanzee. 
I became what I create: machinery.
People say I'm crazy... They're right.
If only I had told her...
Why the hell do you care?
Charming and compliant? Vote him in.
Mistake (n): telling her to not worry.
Perfect cuddling weather! I miss her.
"I'm a cunt but they're surprised?"
Mr. President, Where are your pants?
"What's our safety word?" "'Don't stop'".
There's no exit, unless you're dead.
Told patent clerk "It's all relative" .
Zombie John threw microphone: "Wrong Wayne!" 
"Enough with the Cameltoes," roared Bloomberg.
Civilization discovered. Wealth abundant. Savages hostile.
Depression lies: we're all alone together.
Summer falls entwined orchard limbs, overripe.
Child genius matures into village idiot.
Wedding planning lasted longer than marriage.
"Til death" only lasted a year.
I'd date you if you existed.
Enter Right. Cue Laughtrack. Exit Left.
They cuddled together as I watched...
Guns involved. Never had a choice. 
Was model material...now I'm fat.
She prayed for him every day.
She was too mundane to live.
Handcuff key floats between their lips.
Time traveling robot prevents Bieber murder
Daddy... There is no Santa, right?
President Khardasian scoffs at "parallel universe".
Why do you have that hammer?
Nudge from waiter, quietly unholster pistol.
The corruption made them happy.
In the beginning, I created god.
She wanted to be completely desensitized.
Locked the doors. He won't escape.
Bourbon? Valium? Lean on me mom.
He ate the poison. She smiled.
We looked around the house. Twice.
Why didn't you ask for help?
23 years is a long time (xpost r/standupshots)
I have a dentist appointment today.
Don't unlock your liquor cabinet tonight
Never close your eyes during prayer.
now remember you are here forever
Lost my job. Found my calling.
Dragon, seizing golden opportunity, opens bank.
Baking relieved stress. Poisoned cupcakes helped.
One of many. We are Legion.
"Go be pretty somewhere else, lady."
I prayed lime would be enough.
"You are NOT the baby's father!"
By far, the most distressing subreddit.
Illegal relaxation. Cops bring the disharmony.
"You said forever. Cancer thought otherwise."
Drunken calls reveals emotions too immediate.
You should have been here yesterday 
I am the one who knocks.
Three bangs. Knelt down. Cold lips.
I am a man of few
They said "stop dreaming." I listened.
Former rock climber wins wheelchair basketball.
Our bedroom. Two voices. I knock.
"Oh shit", she whispered. "I'm late".
The mushroom cloud brought false dawn.
The conspiracy theory is always true.
"Not now...", he stammered, fists clenched.
I am drunk: I fucked up. 
We exchanged glances and phone numbers.
She steps backwards. I can't watch.
Women. Lovers. Torn apart by Depression.
Trapped in this man made madness.
Chris Christie conference. Lift mechanics failure.
Gosh, that's a lot of Windex
You're sweet, but... Another time, maybe.
Luminol glow reveals silhouette of 
clown.
I'm outside. Call me. I'm sorry.
We first met, high as fuck.
Yeah, I promised - but fuck it!
She dreamed in chocolate and laughter.
You got drunk. I got high.
Jesus, Mom, not again. Come inside.
Empty glasses. Punched walls. Loneliness. Tears.
Silently grieving, he became a man.
The world ended. No one cared. 
Hope rose idly with the sun.
But we are only Facebook friends...
What she didnt know about me
He always lived for today. RIP.
I will never wear that ring again
There was something beneath the bed
I was driving, you should've lived.
"Oh good, rain," said the Mortician.
One hero. One killer. Love triumphs.
Reddit. Where I wear my mask.
Didn't wake up. So it goes.
One day, everything will be dead.
After five minutes, all was lost.
Tabloid magazines. Whiny preteens. "Hello society."
People are ALWAYS letting me down.
I can hear you tiptoe back.
The world ended. Nobody told me.
She had become like they are.
ed closing the loop. This is call
Presidential debate wardrobe 
malfunction reveals scales . 
Laying here, so afraid of nothingness.
The necromancer is never the hero.
All strangers, died fighting, never met.
They're not positive I'm not positive.
Closets opened, suits chosen, funerals attended.
Her last words were "love you"
For now we remain buried. Patience.
The Earth revolves around her now.
Uneducation.  That is the problem today.
Crinkly smile, and a charming wit.
Cried, Dad didn't. Pokemon First Movie.
BloodyMary.....BlooodyMary....giggle...BlooodyMarrr
yyy.....OH SHIT!!!!!
She woke up, to another lie
I will be me....for now.
Two small blue lines. Girl cries.
She said yes-  to another man.
337 wings later, Kobayashi wins again. 
I loved you like a brother.
I am what I eat: Human.
All we love, destroyed in seconds.
They told me I'd get better. 
stopped drinking less, a long ago. 
We've got a war to fight.
I'm always taking my "before" picture.
Asked Santa for dolls. Dad cried.
For sale: anal beads, slightly used.
it all ended so fast. Why?
The pure, unadulterated, ultimate feeling of...
Mom's started to talk about Heaven.
We followed him into battle. Once.
I had a brother once.
Bridge is out. Brakes are too.
Lunar love illuminates, like nocturnal rainbows. 
That gypsy said nothing about quicksand.
Good stories need at least seven..
In handcuffs, parents attend toddlers funeral.
Damaged roll, last photo a sharkfin. 
Help me! Shrieked the drowning lifeguard
I am whats wrong with myself.
"Indians coming. Send cavalry. Avenge us."
Will she ever love me back?
I have a memory of happiness. 
Once a stranger. Now best friend.
143 and our other inside jokes. 
I called. Her phone still rings.
Biowarfare backfires.  Enemy mutates.  Supremacy legitimizes.
There's nothing wrong with me yet.
She looked eighteen. I looked again.
Fourth wall broken, they peered out.
He missed the last train out.
Flashlight dims. In darkness, they attack.
She died! I can date again!
Clown arrives for party. Wrong house.
On that day, she was king.
I arrived nine months after Woodstock.
I loved the way he died
And I'm just sitting here... Masturbating.
One low goal, still too high.
Pigtails, untied shoes; Mommy loved you.
Land of oppurtunity. Reached by sea.
Tension. And then he gets ya!
Helm: new course, all deliberate speed.
Blah blah blah.  Everybody dies. Bang.
Aliens appeared, searched for intelligence, left. 
God killed 'em all.  I sorted.
Don't have latest iProduct. Contemplating suicide.
Just another day at the office
"Tell them I said something profound..."
Tell them I said something profound...
His heroine gone, he found heroin.
"I'm NOT sorry for your loss."
He lured them with candy...converted!
Torched the haystack. Found the needle.
He lured them with candy  ... they converted.
It wasn't God. It was conscience.
We decided to abolish free will.
"You're weird. Even for a cannibal."
Outside the bunker, the screaming stopped.
"Hi.. Caroline...? Would you... Oh. N-Nevermind."
I said no. He didn't care.
Dreams of him man-handling me. 
We met. We loved. She left.
Had to kill my own dog. 
I loved him once. Me too. 
She lived, oblivious, the heart? His.
Radiation levels acceptable. We ventured outside.
She came home an hour early.
After months of adventure Kitty returns.
We Both Said Yes. They Didn't.
Paint and blood mixed, becoming one.
He fell into emptiness. Nobody reached.
"A flag, once white, stained red."
He's dead, and it's my fault.
Years before she impaled my heart.
Loud bangs. Heard only, nothing seen.
mom never told us about him
From my head, she'll never leave.
"Lamest apocalypse I have seen yet."
Was dry, is now pleasantly moist.
Dams: they are not these eyes
The clock kept ticking. No Jesus.
"Immortal"? One way to find out...
The dirt will hold you. Forever.
Burn it. Start with the basement.
Cuffed, Tased. Fatal Shots...Paid Leave. 
This sure beats algebra, doesn't it?
He kissed her on commercial breaks.
She flew. She fell. He knew.
Did You set it to Wumbo?
The plan changed.  So did we.
Slowly he forgot all he'd done.
The walls sparkled, despite the blood.
She said "No". On the Jumbotron.
By then, her screams had stopped.
She never knew the heart was his.
I read lips. Everyone hates me.
If only she could write seven
Car crash. No final words spoken.
And thus, a paraplegic summited Everest.
Car crash. No final words said.
I couldn't hear her screams anymore.
Phone, Wallet, Keys. Okay, Let's Go. 
Missing glasses.  Walking through Impressionist paintings.
Blazorg: "5, 4, 3, 2, 1..."
"Do you read me, commander?" Silence.
Is the struggle real? Too real.
I've always been pretty rebellious.
Report: Possible homicide. Victim 19, pregnant.
World of 7 billion.  Feel alone.
The world lay at his feet.
And today suddenly became the present.
T.V. melted brain, I melted T.V.
He loved her. She loved another.
If opposites attract, why don't we?
I fell. It turned black. Forever. 
The condom was intended on women.
She sobbed alone at the altar.
Even though she survived, we couldn't.
The pets became food that year.
All a dream? Dorothy didn't know.
Only I had my seatbelt on.
Rex found grandpa before we did.
Sun, orchard, berries, little hands. Joy.
Discovered myself. Hoping nobody else will...
Prom Night. Senior Year. Drunk Driver
He only remembered what he saw.
Didn't save. Power outage. Lost forever.
Suicide failed like everything she did.
"Beth deaded!" ... "She stealed my choochoo."
She deaded. She taked my choochoo.
Searching for truth, death came first.
College: getting first degree in murder.
"Don't cry, walk" he told himself.
"Nothing" more romantic than Twilight.  Literally.
Drink, Drag, Joint, Swallow, Snort, Shoot.
Is that a dead body? Shit.
Vaguely he remembered and forgot again
They came, but not in peace.
They betrayed me for each other.
Baby kicked.  It was too late.
The voices tell me I'm crazy.
One last, little smile, my love. 
In that moment, I grew up.
His passport photo wasn't recognizable anymore
Don't even fucking bother waking up
Take this. Hide it, and run. 
I saw hunger in your eyes.
Times passing left only rocky detritus
Fatal attraction, Slander, abuse, no sanity. 
That night was Grandpa's last dance.
Life the question; life the answer.
I wanted life. She wanted death.
Drink, Drag, Joint, Pills, Snort, Shoot.
Warning, spoiler alert: everyone dies eventually.
Tired, she surrendered to the current. 
Surely not for a second time...
Silence. Ostracized by a cheap dress.
Here. I already pulled the pin.
There's a stranger in grandpa's body. 
Surrendering the bottle brought lasting happiness.
Lesbian found love. Husband found out.

"You have a daughter, Gibbs?" "Had."
She awoke. I didn't. Bad news.
Pope enters hell questioning his atheism.

Her eyes. "I do". My tears.
Why don't you just come home? 
"I'll quit after one more pack".
How about a little happiness people?
I awoke. She didn't. Bad news.
Silence falls as, silently, he falls. 
I have a cool cat blog.
six word story TL;DR: said nothing
She died eating crackers. Lucky parrot.
Clicked random; don't miss the context.
It won't stop. Just keeps coming.
Why didn't I take dad seriously?
Abruptly awoken, Underneath him, lifeless man.
Smoking pot I ate then forgot.
He walked alone along the cobblestone. 
A dingo took my baby, fuckers.
Semen stained sheets and no call
His only family was three grandkids.
Sticks. Spears. Swords. Guns. Nukes. Sticks.
"Mom is dead, Dad" "I know"
Give yourself flavor, kiss my ass.
Can't forget. "Bartender, leave the bottle."
Dude, you have huge ass titties.
Nine tired men. One crying girl.
Born an orphan, died in infantry. 
"Is anybody there?" "No", said someone.
"Wanted: kind man. Girl carrying baggage."
The Parole Board always believed me.
"MISSING: Woman in 50s. Photos unavailable."
Copying Clownish Creed Certainly Censors Creativity.
Threw up; and then he walked in.
Convulsions, that was her last move.
I heard you were into clowns. 
High school drop out at 20.
"Womb for sale: one careful owner."
Time traveler removes time travel invention.
"Should I kill one or both?"
The child's death killed the marriage.
Met a clown. Came in clown.
"Your new dad is ... REGIS PHILBIN!"
I still have hope she'll leave. 
Tears didn't wash out the bloodstain.
girl faints, free lollies for all.
Sorry mom, college just didn't pay.
There the chair sat, eternally vacant.
"I promise it wasn't your fault."
I saw him raping a clown. 
Her wine splashed onto the carpet.
We didn't care. We were kids.
A pair of hippies: joint venture.
"What's the problem?" 
"She's a he."
Our son goes through many socks.
Won't dress as a clown again.
"Morning."
"Who are you?"
"Breathe deeply."
It's sunrise. Don't expect another one.
From the bath light last candles
Four dwarfs down, three to go.
This Rabbi jogs into a bar...
And then, suddenly, she was gone.
Put my dick in that. Ooops. 
Threw out trash. Wait! WALLET! ...shit
Hunting surgeon gives self shotgun lobotomy.
The bride survived. She was alone.
White gloves, folded flag, widow's hands.
Goldfish blog, day 53: fucking castle!
Police police police police police police.
Wife left. Took the beer. Bitch!
I've never regretted raping that clown.
He wore Hugo Boss, circa 1942.
A crushed cigarette. Ruby red lipstick. 
"I'm Pregnant" she said..."With emotion!"
Pawn. Pawn. Pawn. Queen. "Checkmate!"...Damn.
She answered "I'm fine." She wasn't.
SHE SAID YES!  SHE SAID YES!
From cardboard boxes to hilltop houses.
Liver screamed no. Heart begged yes.
Return to sender. No forwarding address.
Her legs turned to jelly. "Delicious!"
This fight's mine and mine alone.
Defenestration makes for an impactful death.
She stopped walking, the footsteps continued.
Well, shit. This won't end well. 
He told her it wasn't loaded.
Cut the BLUE wire? Damn it.
This subreddit looks like tumblr nowadays.
Soulmates, lovers. Not ready. She left.
Saw Martin today. She looked good.
And from the dirt, she rose.
"He gave himself a shotgun lobotomy."
Just make the blue ones purple.
"It's raining," said the mortician.
It's time they know the truth.
She came, he came, she left.
Happy Birthday, from your biggest fan
He won, crawling to the finish.
Door locked. A single window open.
That Steve never did follow the rules
Cocktail hour consumed their entire life.
The brightest lights fade the fastest.
So it ends as it began.
Cheap plastic plant still brings contentment.
My wife left. Fuck my life.
Action Comics #1, Destination: White House.
His smile made my member throb
Bought balloons, boiled kettle, water fight!
And that's when he stopped screaming...
The stool clattered, the rope tightened.
"She's still alive...", said the mortician.
His enthusiasm resulted in untimely torture.
"Andrew...you are NOT the father."
She's a girl. He's a man. 
I'll be back before midnight. Promise.
How To Get A Six Pack Abs - Six Pack Shortcuts
I'm in love, she isn't. Fuck.
"Shoo," croaked Dick, hanged, kicking Spot.
We sent Curiosity. They sent theirs.
Textbooks? Check. Computer? Check? Failed Dreams?
Ten ruinations... Was late for work.
Dad, why grandma wont wake up?
Her sinister hand- CHOP. Holy now.
unstable mind, kept calm with sleep.
"We're just unfinished business," he said.
Oxygen. Carbon. Hydrogen. Nitrogen. Calcium. Phosphorus. 
Just pretend it's a hot dog.
He thought, "When did I disappear?"
Alerts: PTSD, flashbacks, asthma. Age: Seven.
I can't believe it's not butter.
The man spent his honeymoon alone.
"Mommy, I'm pregnant with my step-sibling."
Only one way off this ride. 
Gotta find out if it's milk.
It felt good to eat today.
Well, that wasn't supposed to happen...
He returned, sadly, a new person.
UPS, you are such a tease.
so then i was like, pshhhh
Missing my kidney in the bathtub.
PSA: r/sixwordstories submissions should be stories.
My sister gave me Hitler hair...
"So it's eat or die?" "...Yeah."
Ahoy! You are a pirate! Arrr!
I gave my sister Hitler hair... 
A Face That Can't Be Forgotten
Slowly, I learned not to care.
I thought I was being cool.
Humanity failed again. Call the designer!
At the train station, shedding tears. 
I am a breathing time machine.
"Madam president, the terrorists have arrived." 
Sister: the accident. Me, the mistake.
Living minute to minute. Life ends.
New game. Wanted to tell you.
My Child, Heaven was also Earth.
Not to me! Believing is breathing!
I rejected happiness. For our sake. 
How is the third world? War.
I waited and waited. Fruit spoiled.

Peeking in keyholes reveals everything important.
Icecream bowl vision: three of wands.
I should have written it down.
This subreddit rocks. I'm never leaving.
Death. It's the end of the beginning.
Ice cream bowl vision, three of wands.
My child, Earth was also Heaven.
I really need to stop procrast-
"Spatula's broken", the sizzling reminded me.
Forever one-sided. Forever hiding it.
Drowning in a sea of fatness.
We screamed in space. They heard.
"I'm drinking for two," she said.
"This is your year!" Every year.
Soup dose litle to slo whisky..
Ravioli, Ravioli, Give me the Formuoli
Sorry I'm not married yet, MOM. 
The beauty of it all is...
Sort your fucking life out mate. 
She's amazing. Thank goodness she's blind.
Please, I don't want this anymore.
"Do not resuscitate"? But she's beautiful...
She cried. He walked through her.
Sorry, I don't love you anymore.
Introduced myself to mother again today.
I did cheat. I'm sorry. Goodbye.
Headline: Bob the builder has Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis!
Headline today! Bob Builder has Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis!
Conscious fading. White light. Emerge screaming.
Alone. Ladder broke. Trapped in attic.
I'm only shopping for one now. 
I tried. I tried again. Triumph!
Hungry panda criminal. Eats, shoots, leaves.
The best stories are usually depressing.
Just met. Already fucking hate you.
Atop rubble he shouted, "OH YEAH".
Am I indecisive? No! Yes? Maybe.
My wife never existed. I lied.
Grandma woke up today. Zombie bite.
Light burned. Water Stung. Day Begun.
Look behind at your own peril.
See, what had happened was this...
The text that broke my heart...
She never woke up after that.
Am a man of science; bismillah.
"Going to work, honey." Pockets condoms.
This night's gonna end well, dammit!
MLK died. His dream never will.
Clouded vision. Clouded heart. Blind Soul.
For once, the ash stopped falling.
Aliens came peacefully. Violent orgasms expected?
I'm So Meta Even This Acronym
"We weren't alone out there." -Armstrong
My body died, my conscious lived. 
Her last words were: "Not again."
But the cigarettes gave him peace.
He forgot to look both ways.
Playground. Sharing. Fever. Snot. No Sleep.
Wie Eiweishakes und Proteinpulver den Muskelaufbau entscheidend verbessern
Someday, your name will be forgotten. 
It hungers, it consumes, it dies. 
Everyone cheered when she said yes.
Wanted to die but found life
Disappeared, never to be seen again.
Blades dull, wrists heal, scars fade.
Reality sets in without his snuggle.
He's lost and my heart's still.
New suit. New shoes. Open casket.
But Laura, Cheney is really scary.
No tears were shed. Only fears.
Marriage arranged. Veil lifted. Regret immediate.
ICARUS II: "Fire in oxygen garden."
Hopefully I outlive my precious children.
The Older Sibling Should Die First 
Some people cry;I make them.
"THWACK!";Words still hurt the most.
When life starts,you start dying.
I saw her just once more.
She wants to stop picking. Doesn't.
Collision imminent.  Brace. Blink. Breath.  
I heard the music and danced.
"You're in the military now, son".
But I thought you fed them?
Finally, a story that isn't depressing.
I am Galactic President Superstar McAwesomeville.
Father took the knife, and cut.
Asteroids hit. Alas, time ended quickly.
Corporate ladder climbed. Life completely wasted.
Addicted to breathing. Broke his addiction.
Water glass wasn't water. Vodka. Puked.
Quit drinking. Jesus is my pal.
"For Sale: Baby shoes, never worn." ~Ernest Hemmingway
laugh with me, prisoners of sanity!
Blowing branches. Picnic sheet. Toes curl.
Arrived naked. Except for my clothes.
Yes, you made it. I didn't.
His was freed; hers was broken.
Brain stopped working, mouth kept talking.
Broken home. Broken bones. Now alone.
I quit, but I'm not done.
Everything is grey in the dark.
Today would have been ten years. 
One shot was fired. Millions died.
"She's alive!" He cried, triumphantly, mistakenly.
"Now, that's enough masturbating for today."
I'd never Googled "wizard porn" before.
death is inevitable...and loves cupcakes.
"Don't tell my mom" he cried. 
He died and was forever forgotten.
Irresistible force moves immovable object.  Emotionally.
Two years ended without saying "Hello."
the sun seems much brighter here.
Kanye West's best six word stories. (Song Lyrics)
From birth to death, involuntary male
They sought adventure but got stability.
All these stories are fucking depressing.
It read 'positive.' They were silent.
son, your mother never loved you.
"I love you, but..." she whimpered.
Body of Carbon. Heart of Diamond. 
I will never forget her. Again.
Best friends. Some beers. New lovers.
He entered Heaven, it was empty.
The wall crumbles to pieces, freedom.
Transylvanian Market. Currency pumped through veins.
The police thought it was suicide.
For sale. Baby Shoes. Never Worn.
He awoke to find... a squid.
The wedding is tomorrow. Damn it.
"I'm not smart. I just think."
Unlimited sins for one soul?! DEAL!!
"I'm sick of your bullshit!" "Bye."
"But who was phone!?" screamed Lucifer.
Wow, that was a nasty fart.
Touching the void, he laughed maniacally.
He saw the truth. Too late.
He lost another game of life.
Left on Friday. Never looked back.
Allahu Akb...Shut the fuck up!
I hate myself; I hate you.
Vash the Stampede. Righteous. Good. Plant.
Alone, fears conquered, he fought death.
"I don't think we'll have enough..."
"Not guilty?!"  I'll do it myself.
The devil talked through the mirror.
We fell in love, and laughed.
One day, my tattoos were gone.
Man wins, loses and wins again.
Help! I'm about to be kidna
I'm scared but I love you.
Happiness. Consciousness. Just a dream. Melancholy.
"I am Man!" "That's nice dear."
Two become three (then two again).
Please come. Come now. Come quickly.
Life was never meant to be.
Awaiting her call. Ring. Wrong Number
Radioactive spill. Superhuman born. Autocracy formed.
Excuse me, Miss. Need a lift?
People are just not his type.
Flick. Pssssssssst. Flush. Pink Plus Sign
Got big too fast. Crushed me. 
Turning around he saw her smile.
Wit beat wisdom, but wisdom won.
I've never met my best friend.
"Veni!" Caesar said to his mistress.
Sexy Amateur Teen on Camcotam malo
We were basically kissing cousins.. Ewww
Won't you give me another chance?
I wish there was another way...
Not enough words for a story.
What is home? You are home.
Left my meds in Boston. Dammit.
It rained today. Damn. - Weatherman
I wish I'd done things differently.
Don't Forget to Juggle the Produce
I guess the pen isn't mightier.
He was honest. She didn't leave.
Poet had words. Useless in combat.
Eternally attempting to fill the void.
Found Her......My Wonderful. Too Late........
Turnes out pregnant women do float.
Reincarnation sucks. I've said THAT before.
I love you! Who are you?
I've forgotten how her voice sounds.
I was magic. Now I'm tragic.
Holding my broken heart, "I'm okay."
Well it's done, Get the shovel.
Colorful Mackerel Breathless on Deck; Solidarity 
Dad's old trumpet, worn and rusting.
i get it, i don't understand.
Built a coffin; built a home.
And it was almost everywhere. Almost.
Close your eyes... Pretend she's me.
Thrown overboard. last breath; breathe deep.
[Wrong. Right. It never really mattered.]
"BOO!" Turning around, she gutted him.
One day, there will be nothing.
Bested by a child.Little snot.
And from the dirt, she rose.
Straps on bomb vest -- No virgins.
Devoted lovers if we'd only talk.
We had to bury Mother twice.
Who knows what she'll do next.
I can change. Please stay. Please.
Will buying more make me happy?
I poured cereal. No milk.
I'll watch one more episode tonight.
Lifeless. Young. Ambulance. Ice bath. Lifesaver.
fuck.  slayer doesn't have an "H."
Six little words broke my heart.
Prom is awkward enough without crutches. 
She would never, ever stop dancing. 
he slept alone, she still waits.
He always ignored the rules.
Omnipotent god hiccups. A holocaust happens.
Opened my eyes, nothing has changed.
Vault opens. Nuclear wasteland. where to...?
But I don't want to go.
Red balloons soar, swallowed by sky
Under floorboards. Trembling silence. Soundless prayers.
Don't leave me because I'm weak
The magic he controlled wasn't enough.
He contemplated the road, that evening.
Life can't be summarized with words.
Awakening, he smelled alcohol, sex, gunpowder.
two unrequited lovers. two satisfactory marriages.
She called, She cried, She cut. 
The music started.  I got funky.
No words louder than trigger pulls.
I'm afraid I just blue myself.
This subreddit has a negative bias
Daughter ejected Metallica, put in Bieber.
denial. denial. Denial. Denial. DENIAL. death.
We broke up; I broke down. 
Local cryptid revealed female. A mother.
happy: gin. unhappy: whiskey. RIP dad
Daughter ejects Metallica, puts in Bieber.
She screamed aloud, the baby didn't.
I would have toatally said something.
Omnipotent god hiccups. A holocaust happens.
They're using your souls to resurrect Steve.
She smiles but she is lonely.
The father's human? Are we sure?
she's no longer my ex. maybe.
She screamed. The baby didn't.
Dark...scary. Suddenly......FUCKING SKELETONS EVERYWHERE!!!
Fell in love. Don't wait up.
"Here!" she texted. She never arrived.
She was lonely until he died.
The world sleeps.Am I awake? 
Brother hid. I distracted Father. Always.
Religion happened. Tons of people died.
Millions forward. Bullets. Blood. Flag rising.
Episode three will be released in.
Cold War turns hot; summer snow. 
The World Ends in Sixty Days...
her inner goddess smelled like fish.
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo.
Dawn broke, yet we were blinded.
There She Stood Covered in Blood.
Writing's on the wall, I'm blind
Started Chemo; Need a cigarette badly.
What? It's only a little extortion.
Crushing truths perish from being acknowledged. 
Once upon a time... Now sleep!
She would've been twenty-two today.
She would have been 22 today.
"Here's ten, please don't buy crystal."
The Apathy Club will meet... soon.
"Test results were positive. Cancel wedding."
Pure and clean, no longer more.
I forgot what my dream was.
"Stop that train," said the conductor. 
"Child traffickers 'lynched themselves'" witnesses agree
I've grown to prefer my mind.
He's Genghis Khan's messenger. So what?
Six word stories, not six seconds.
I never thought we'd come back
I told death not today, yesterday.
"They read no more that day."
Life's hard, but I have love. 
Nobody asked about her swollen eye.
Phone: 10 Missed Calls from Mom
Nothing is real! Only the present.
Dad went to work that day.
[Finally, cinders were all that remained.]
Finally, cinders were all that remained.
Final words to her: "Don't go."
Salvation was a hard road anyway.
Glorious future behind him, he walked.
Daughter. Girlfriend. Bride. Wife. Widow. Lover.
Mourning lost optimism, eleven dark years.
I am tired of this game.
I pressed 'submit' and awaited downvotes.
Armed men come. Innocence gone forever
Life is short. No words left.
The alarm never rings these days.
Is - is it gone yet? ...Daddy?
Alone. Sitting, yearning, hoping. Forever silence.
Lose the grip, love the trip.
To the woman I love...damn.
Wearing a cape, I plummeted, died. 
You're just not what she hoped.
When will you stop counting? "Never."
Afterward, they reminisced about their deaths.
I came home early... awkward introductions.
Stay positive Stay strong Never forget
Humanity's last thirteen minutes of electricity.
"Why Divorce?" "I fail in love."
Olympic runner runs donuts around cops.
No hair for my hair brush
Opened the fridge, nothing to eat.
THESE KEEP RESORTING TO SHOCK VALUE.
Holy dicks, where's my fucking kidney?
He lived for skeletons in closets. 
Daughter mentally ill. Daughter healthy. Choose.
We didn't know we weren't alive.
I drink tigers blood for breakfast
Uncle's "special" girl. Internet's newest craving.
soup disaster
Sequel. New actor. No one noticed.
They got the whole tumor out.
After Harvard, had baby with crackhead.
For sale by owner: engagement ring.
A knock, a flag, a uniform.
The priest hoarsely whispered, "Our secret." 
Someday, I'll have a Wikipedia page.
Girl'd Cheese: Contains human breast milk.
Objection!...That case still haunts me.
I have never known my enemy.
Stutter, echo, sing, blow, sleep, coma.
Escape from him? Only in death...
It doesn't have to be easy.
Didn't he want to play catch?
Heaven knows I am miserable now.
Living in the moment -- beautifully bewildering.
He burned away his insanity, forever.
Son, can you get me Oh.
He stabbed. He smiled. There, there...
I was born in a star.
Nobody to fix her red Corvette.
I had my period! Celebratory blowjob?
DAMN... Till DEATH do us part.
Portly banker mocks wife, drinks, dies.

Woke Up, Now Working, Then Sleep
Googleing "pregnancy symptoms" over and over. 
Then he realized, "forever" had ended.
Lions, and tigers, and bears. Oh-
I woke up. She was gone.
"Substance in my Sustenance!" He protested.
You're stuck in the future again!
At least I have my shadow.
public boolean Rope_And_Chair = true;
Three words. With periods. In Between.
She didn't know I'd been watching.
Ring Ring. "Hello?" Silence. Knock Knock.
Then, the memories failed her too.
Waves of pleasure, pangs of guilt.
I loved her once. Never again. 
You betrayed me. I repaid you.
The tattered wedding dress had yellowed.
The machine slowly realised its sentience..
Had a chance. But not anymore.
The machine slowly realised it's sentience..
Aren't I welcome in my head?
The sad robot could not cry.
He always dreamed of something more
Being addicted is easier than sobriety.
What is "full"?
He went to war too early.
Knock Knock. Who's there? (No answer).
She found her husband's smile repulsive.
The tide covered like a quilt.
The last words; were a few. 
I fell forward. Wind rushed past.
Solace in sleep. To him awake.
"It's not HIV." "Hooray!" "It's AIDS."
White flowers, gravity pulls, soft ground.
Bury my heart at Brokeback Mountain.
Yesterday, when we left the war.
Cigarette in wife's breath. Doesn't smoke.
Two girls, one cup. The internet.
Why didn't she call me back?
War over. No cheers. No breath.
She bled, he cried, it ate.
"Do it anyway" he said. Tears.
"I'm a liar, it's the truth."
Oedipus was a real mother fucker. 
"Must she have died for nothing?"
Gun, rope, or cut my throat?
A sea of light transfers. Transcendence. 
You bled me dry. I perspired.
That's okay, there's always next time.
Fucked you where your brother died.
All my friends are vandals too.
Warm toilet seat. I live alone.
I promise, i'll make him proud.
"Never forget his philanthropy."  Monument crumbles.
Nothing was left but his dogtag.
Novice drinker stumbling. Driving sounding appealing.
She will never see our tears.
You said we were soulmates. Lies.
Man stole from earth, never replaced. 
Mugged. Unmasked. Identification. Contemplation. Revenge taken.
I like reading the ending first
Why is this subreddit so depressing?
A women sits, her mind unwinding
The woman opened her mouth. Bukkake.
In the end he did nothing.
She is just memories and pain.
vibrate. Hello? No response. Yet goodbye.
"That life filled me with emptiness."
"Earth . . . where is that?" replied God.
She ejaculated, "No! Stop!" He ejaculated.
Failed Third Grade. Couldn't Count.
Toda Comes but Once a Lifetime.
Sobriety is hard. Heroin is easy.
What if I was wrong again?
Depressed, but found love. Lost her.
Knowledge. Wisdom. Understanding. Freedom. Power. Equality. 
In November, vote for change...again.
Bought son a dog named Colby.
(Insert depressing six word story here)
BANG! BANG! She shot me down...
Timejumping to: Big Bang minus 1hr.
Fell in love. She said yes.
What the? I just ate myself.
I love you. Say it back?
Five place settings. Four at dinner.
Cryostasis. Everyone left. "Meet at ERROR_file_corrupted____"
His picket fence frowned knowingly back.
Finds new subreddit, stories about death.
Above, the dog. Below, his master.
"Tried" doesn't bring my baby back.
"Did they make it?" "I'm sorry."
Together, facing the sunset, they escaped.
You broke every promise we made.
Lost myself. Found a new me.
Subreddit is too depressing. I'm out. 
Cryostatis. Everyone left. "Meet at ERROR_file_corrupted____"
Today I mastered living, then died.
I found my meaning in death.
Found; stolen rope. Around thieves neck.
They stared at the foreclosed home.
Empty heart. Empty bottle. Empty gun.
My greatest day thankfully happened tomorrow.
'Being ready' didn't really mean *that*
Life began. People questioned. Life ended.
She held him in her arms and wept.
I break all the rules.
Everything was infinite, except for her. 
Weep for those left behind...
I said no. He said drink.
The fucking motherfuckers will fuck you.
Today is the yesterday of tomorrow.
Saved one life, made two others.
"Look daddy, smoke!" The plane shudders.
One. Two. Three. Crash. One. Zero.
Future is already past. You dead.
I know the history doesn't affect what you're doing 
here, but perhaps the sidebar needs rewriting 
anyway.
Cold table, doctor enters, "six months."
"I should tell you... never mind."
Why the fuck did that happen?
Woke up. She was not there.
The Afterlife Exists. Love, Great Grandpa
Dad wake up! it stopped bleeding.
I posted a story. Down votes followed.
Fresh grave; no flowers, no rain.
Didn't expect it to be loaded...
Bang. I lived for revenge. Bang.
"It's not HIV..." "Hooray!" "It's AIDS."
Superb storyteller; will work for food.
"I'm not insane! I'm just honest!"
Lights flicker. Phone Rings. Full Pardon...
Moved to America, left everything behind.
10,000 years. Civilization got us where?
My wounds are beyond help
"What's the point?", Sisyphus finally whispered.
Dreamt incredible six word story. Forgot.
Flashbacks occurred frequently. Thanks, youthful indiscretions.
I can't sleep. Where is she?
Death was overcome. Life lost immediacy.
Why won't she love me anymore?
Her cries fell on deaf ears.
Immortal man goes homicidal. Life imprisonment.
The prevailing nag of accidental nothingness.
You do not exist.  Not yet.
I couldn't forgive everybody. Just me.
You took everything except my apology.
Report incomplete. Lone survivor's status: psychotic. 
Wrote short story; didn't finish assignment.
He was novel, soundbite, and trailer. 
The last human burned the slowest.
Mighty man, mighty swing, mighty whiff. 
My flowers. Her dirt. My tears.
Dying should not be this hard
We were going to get married...
Told the truth, lost her forever.
 Remember this: the enemy is beautiful.
Once 'sixwordstories'. Now 'sixwordstatements'! 
Soon 'sixwordmemes'?
Look in 'sixwordstories'. Looks like 'sixwordstatements'
Whispering to the ground, "Hi Mum".
Out of rope. Didn't hear scream.
They reached to wake him, silence.
Can't afford heroin. Move to krokodil.
Her lips began to turn blue...
Lightening struck today and summer dies.
My love in my arms, cold.
I Lost fianc in strip club. 
Happiness; everywhere, nowhere, here and there.
Warning: Heart pounding. Blood rushing. Silence.
Cigarettes don't light at the beach. 
She couldn't afford their gardener's bribe.
Took the leap, landed face first.
Baby found: More horse than human.
The shoes swung in the breeze.
"I love you" He screamed. Silently.
The sun shone, and flowers bloomed.
Bullets entered and exited. Holey fuck.
I hate praise. I'm just human.
I looked at you and remembered.
We've more protesters, than they've bullets
"The future is already here. It's just not evenly distributed." - William Gibson
Fresh flowers alone on park bench.
She is perfect...who is she?
Marooned alone for ninety nine years.
Boy meets girl. Girl meets man.
T.H.C., L.S.D., D.U.I., C.P.R., D.O.A., R.I.P
No dinghies, us poor folk fucked! 
Please God, please help me.
Shame, she had a pretty face. 
Utopia? HA! I don't think so.
Force is strong with this one.
Her cock was bigger than mine...
A knock. Click. "I'm home!" Boom. 
A bit too quiet, too still
So, is your boyfriend home tonight?
One does not simply destroy Ring.
Happy past, stressful present, no future. 
Night after night, the CRT glows.
But you're allergic! He was allergic.
The broken Bat breaks the mask.
Why can't I stop loving her?
I always know when you rehearse
No time for line dancing, understand?
"Monster hunter needed! Must work weekends."
remember, dynamite comes in small packages.
"Two please." Later- "Just you, Sir?"
Each day another step taken. Backwards.
Mods Delete me, I'm no Story!
Pregnant at fifteen. Mother at twenty-five.
Our family motel catered to gangsters.
Six words were never really enough. 
That's when I found the penis.
I waited years. You came, fleetingly.
We are small, but very powerful.
Space ant devours desert dolphin worm
Ran red light, mowed down cat.
Now I know how it feels....
Swept confetti off my brother's grave. 
Ignorance was bliss. War was hell.
So he's better than me then.
Different definitions of love.  Didn't last.
And here he was, melting jewelry. 
Republican? No. Democrat? No. Realist? Yes.
I found out, then I left.
Oh God, keep the flashlight on!
Father and Dad were different people. 
He never came back for me.
She looked, eyes wide. "They're dying..."
Lap dance and a heart attack.
She saw the truth and ran.
Faith talked alone with the devil.
"Discreet wetwork. Fast. Clean. No children."
Well here, we take fun seriously. 
Whispered softly, BoomboxHero is a Douche.
Spelunking fun; misstepped... now, forever gone. 
The angel said he was missed.
Threw a fit, Crashed the Car
He'd forgotten the taste of earrings.
He had forgotten how earrings taste.
Our position's been compromised, move out!
You fag, we gonna cure you.
Help Wanted.  Apply in the rear.
Called me crazy...now who's laughing!
Turns out gunpowder is bad kindling.
Searched, found, courted, smitten, flowers, tears.
Fell in love. So did she.
Always in frame, never in focus.
I hung myself. It didn't work.
Give them pretty speeches.  They'll forget.
Help Wanted.  Please apply in the rear.
Music was his life and weapon.
Death stared intensely until I blinked. 
Just another day gone by.... Wasted.
Why does the Spring hate me?
Could they be persuaded into suicide?
"Let's keep the light on tonight."
I waited, she found someone else.
You'll just love this recipe! ... ... ... Allergic?
Writer ignores arbitrary word limit and
"You're fat, Sissy." Diet starts today.
"Six words you say? I can
I'm going away forever now, goodbye.
Every time cut off before the
I'm going away now, goodbye forever.
I believe I can fly. Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuccccck
Her smartphone replaced her obsolete child.
Midnight stroll. Masked defiler. Maternal love.
this is what this sub reddit reminds me of 
"NO WAIT! IT'S STILL LOADED!" -BANG
Still waiting for tomorrow to come. 
We couldn't marry, so we pretended.
"Dad, I voted Democrat."  "Get out!"
"Did not read the license agreement."
Say hello to kryptonite, replied Lex
"What a well written suicide note!"
Lonely, empty house. "Suprise!" Birthday Cake.
Deadly virus escaped. Contact authority immidia...
First date nerves. Farted. Returned alone.
The best was yet to come.
Hipsters write six words stories ironically.
"Sorry, I don't-" "Mom, it's me."
Remember me. Please, someone remember me!
They were alone but didn't touch.
We have a proposition Mr. Oswald.
My real name. It's finally over.
"I'm gay." "We have no son."
How does one acquire this karma?
"you can't make stories", they said.
The Sun's not yellow, it's chicken.
Quit your job and start your life.
The last pills came without refills. 
My friend only lives between hits.
Plus or minus decides our future.
Returned from grave. Became an undertaker.
Suddenly, bartenders were my only friends.
Hey you two, look at this!
Reddit- and beyond there was nothing.
Missing: my son. Last seen: 1999.
The Last Thing He Said; "Why?"
Its first breath was its last.
Dying had never felt so good. 
That is all I can do. 
I killed the murderer, this time.
Clean the blood and shoot him
Fruitful are seeds, of my loin.
Before the explosion: "What's that smell?"
"The kitty has 9 lives, right?"
He never said, "I love you".
"My turn! - before she gets cold."
The baby cried to no one.
Halo: Better than losing my virginity.
I lied. I'm pregnant. It's yours.
I clung to him, he's gone. 
Last fuel for two million lightyears
"Why...?" The tombstone did not answer.
Dark outside, no one home yet
People just like to categorise things
There's one less tornado in Texas .  
Mom died. Dad drank. Now step-family. 
At 15, he realised mom's 29.
Robotic engineer loses wife, builds another.
Man constantly outshined by dead brother.
There's no more room in Hell.
Obama is the best president ever.
The briefcase stole all his humanity. 
PFC Meyers - 19 - Killed in Action.
The bruise formed a hand mark.
Wait, everyone doesn't have two dad's?
He lost all hope, then died.
I want neither.  Two party system.
Time travelling only escalated her problems.
Lots of contributing, still no orangered.
I accept being uncomfortable. It'll pass.
Mommy and Daddy never believed me. 
And the he chose a pig
"Here's your god," said the mirror. 
Things are just as they seem.
"Here's your order." Happy Labor Day!
Everyone downvoted nonstories; order was restored.
Funny, you can't tell she's crying. 
"Prepare your anus!", It wasn't prepared.
Evil came with a label: Christian
Before her, I was slowly dying.  
"Plan B escaped. Protect Plan A."
Kicked ass. Took names. Filed alphabetically.
"We built this!"; No you didn't. 
Trapped in predictability, one choice left.
Visited bar, mom hit the floor
Gimme a break or gimme death.
Had to cry. Keys inside car. 
He wronged *The Price is Right*
Her smile was worth his fists. 
She has a zombie fetish, so...
Stopped Counting Days, Started Living Life. 
The hero won; everyone else lost.
Mom drank. Dad left. We survived. 
No closet could hide this love. 
"That's why we don't ride indoors!"
Strong of Body, Strong of Mind.
They don't even deserve a note.
His pulse fading. Bullets still flying.
"Sexy Sally's hotline, how-" "Wait, mom?!"
I will never forget that day.
Yesterday I discovered I was dead.
You're a star, please don't shoot.
Gggggg, Ggg'g Ggggg Gggg GgGggg. Gggggg...
Jailed husband returned. Lover now homeless.
Use only six words, they said.
"Is it you, father?" "Ha, nope."
I always count the words here.

You're great but not good enough...
Beer during weekends, vodka at work.
The bottle bounced on the floor.
Beloved online; no one to cuddle.
Eleven used condoms; ten DNA matches.
That's why I believe in doubt.
She hides behind her computer screen.
"You turned off the stove, right?"
Out drinking, make yourselves dinner. -Mom
Experiment 51 missing. Contingency plan failed.
"I have no idea what's happening!"
The empty water bottle was full.
Substance never hid in a closet. 
My little box holds a promise
I proposed to Megan, Jess cried.
He lived long, but didn't prosper.
"An empty bottle brought him here."
Do you have a sister wife?
Love's impossible. He was a train.
"I'll call you." "-but it's September!"
"Friends for two years, married seven."
When September arrives delete your porn.
"Buy crab cakes" said the otter.
Inside the Earth is another Earth.
"Niggers steal everything", holocaust survivor reports.
I dream reality is my dream
You, me, my place. Bring condoms.
Married. Twist! It's to his sister!
/r/firstworldanarchists are in other subreddits
Is the world sane...or me?
There is a really big moon outside.
Abe, can't we sit somewhere else?
Born in starlight, never saw night.
Meta: Are five-word stories okay?
Rebelled with seven letters, failed miserably.
There's something we should talk about.
She whispered, "...without consent."  Examination began.
I found the Snowdens of yesteryear.
I've never envied The Grim Reaper.
"...without consent..." she sobbed during examination.
Virtual world except for sex. Humanity?
He pushed, but she wouldn't budge. 
He ruined my black panther party.
History of the World
Free porn saved my third marriage. 
UPS saves my long distance relationship. 
Stalk John Cusack; Survive 2012 apocalypse. 
Beer and no water? Hangover tomorrow.
Grandma's name is Candice, not "Candy."
His Boner Got Weird Real Fast.
Sorry death, you can't have her.
What's to blame, nature or nurture?
"We can stay friends," he said.
The stripper arrived.  It was grandma.
"It's not what you think!" "Mom?"
The future king moved within me.
Fingernails in my eyes, temporarily blind 
morning: new hope. evening: old sadness.
My first memory is surviving abortion.
buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo sometimes.
Uh, I don't think that's chocolate.
Go Ahead, Look What You've Done.
"Reddit sucks!" he said, clicking 'refresh'.
"She'll come". A tumbleweed rolls by.
"Writing makes me immortal," someone wrote.
"Why'd you go and do that?"
Later that morning my meat loafed.
They threw away his sister's kidney
I became addicted to this subreddit.
Click. Click. Click. Click. Click. Bang!
He never told her he saw.
The goose? Well, it killed me.
I'm still going to love you.
Google changes its name to Skynet.
Dear Death. Please help me out
Sleeping lions, then life support beeps.
"They always choose the wrong door."
I know the stripper's real name.
The teetotaler took her first sip.
Lovely party, pity I wasn't invited.
Captain's log: Error, no file found.
"I'll go first!" His last words.
The teetotaler took her first sip.
A man, a plan, a bandana.
The mirror showed me my murderer.
"All pride taken - just another day"
Death, I need this one back.
"I think that I've seen enough."
The bottle was full of urine. 
Her hair smelled like David's cologne
Single. Broke Down. Diagnosed. Suicide. Survived.
New record holder: youngest man alive!
Six words. Any ideas? Thought so.
These posts are shit; I'm unsubscribing.
Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo
I am not a pink crayon.
"It has been an honor, Sergeant"
"I should never have believed you."
His final words "Regrets? Not one.".
Looking backwards always breaks our necks.
Bleeding heavily, "Death only postpones love."
"Caller, you're on the air".............."BRAAAAINNNSSS"
Inhaling his murderer at the funeral.
She only heard a silent 'Goodbye, honey'.
The radio was their wedding band
"He's older than my dad's girlfriend..."
Death: his end, but her beginning.
Tony Stark told him "No suit!"
Prowling nearby - an audience of one.
"Run! He's not even human anymore..."
After seventeen sour years, she spoke.
"Ma-ma?" "No honey, we're both Papa."
Wakes Up. Morning Stretch. Pulls Hamstring.
Sorry this hurts. It's almost over.
The cure for depression is lead.
Anarchistic revolution today. Nothing tomorrow. 
Six word story? That's unpossible!
Surrounded by literature. Not one seat.
Great start. Grew apart. Broken heart.
This glass holds my whole world.
Luke, I am not your father.
That day. Love lost, nightmares gained.
Why can't I do this sober?
He is living because she's dead
Tear soaked pillow, not this again... 
A penny saved, a penny swindled.
Unfamiliar voices. Footsteps. I live alone.
Divorced, beheaded, died, divorced, beheaded, survived.
New School. Big Table. Alone. Lunch.
Free at last, Shock Wave Blast.
Inflation. Gravitation. Abiogenesis. Evolution. Exploration. Entropy.
"Hold my beer, and watch this!"
Body was ready, parachute was not.
Stand back, I've totally got this.
If I keep quitting everything, well...
The door is open. She's gone.
Stay in bed or go pee? 
Composure was held, lost his soul.
don't know. never did. never will.
Basement door creaks. She isn't alone. 
I wish I never met you.
You died. Ready to go again?
You awake. It's dark. You're driving.
congratulations, it's a... What is that?
Father Cradles Child. Man Cradles Father.
I voted away all my freedoms.
"Yo doot!" Said the cool Peruvian.
Surprise, it's a... WHAT IS THAT!
We crawl. We stand. We lie.
Happy birthday! ....Am I too late?
Broke a promise, fixed a life.
The whip cracked and defiance melted.
She came. She left. I stayed.
"I don't understand..." "No one does."
And that's why you should never
Her scarf covered the choke marks.
my cold heart keeps me warm.
A pun. A gun. A grave. 
Every night the same dream. Nothing.
After 24 Years, He Wailed.......Cathartically
We locked eyes, now I panic.
Fucking my toilet was a mistake.
Neglected daughter. Submissive wife. Abusive mother.
"Mom, I'm pregnant!" he shouted.
And not another damn word.
Idecidedtowriteeverysentenceasonewordonmycollegeentranceessaytocleverlycircumventthewordlimit Ithoughtitwouldgainmesomesortofstreetcred Irambledonandonandattheendiwasnotevenclosetothelimit Isubmitteditandwaitedsmuglyformyacceptance Andwaitedandwaitedandwaited Theyweren'timpressedeither
The machinery hummed to life. Intelligence. 
"You're a monster!"  Its mouths frowned.
I'm sorry. The mass is malignant.
Blood on floor, problem no more
The polydactyl swordsman dueled two Montoyas.
'I walked on the moon, bitch'
Wet with blood, my hands shook.
A rape kit? Cash or credit?
Dear mother, you died last week...
Today I Learned: Penises can break
With slowing heartbeat, her face fades.
Twin empathy: great timesaver during twincest.
He left her alone to die.
Fuck your rules, I wanna write
"A one-armed guitarist? Ain't happenin', kid."
"Nice try though." The sarcasm hurt.
Lincoln awoke, still drunk......."Freed who?"
"You're pregnant with... something unusual..."
You look ugly when you cry
She missed her at her wedding.
I'll love her even more tomorrow.
Happiness is right around the corner
Who is it?
Its dad.
He's alive!?
In a sense.
I'll be right back. I promise.
Dark in here. Worse out there.
My love is never requited, Sigh.
Noon, he clocked in. Out, never.
Alcoholism. Ailiens. Angst. Zombies. Receive karma.
"Lousy" scrawled over "Loving" on tombstone
"Dad, dad... I'm gay. No, seriously."
So small, wondering... can I die?
Day 5: Ate my own flesh.
An army telegram. "I'm sorry, ma'am."
I wish you were still here.
It was a strong accent. I think.
"Who's that?" "My Father.." "...He's alive!?"
Her voice painfully faded: "It's here"
My Mind's Made, My Bed Isn't. 
"Bloody Mary, Bloody Mary, Bloody M..."
Doctor said, "alcohol is the cure." 
He didn't feel it at first.
Two years later, nothing had changed.
Six word stories? Three words down.
That's easy. I could do better.
Shadows getting bigger. We weren't moving.
I hated how she loved me.
If only I had found myself..
I Should Mind My Own Business.
"Praise Cthulhu!" he screamed, finally broken.
I turned off the wrong ventilator.
Don't trust your mother's new boyfriend.
He was just barely too late.
Blood. New Nikes. On the pavement.
Five Zombies. Four bullets. Two zombies.
Stimulate the clitoris, pray for mercy.
How can we go on, now ?
"No." Like that...my world crumbled.
"I never really loved you anyway"
Thousands of men, only one towel.
Ticket for sale, one of two.
"Help... please..." But only Death answered.
You are going to regret this.
"why follow, when I can rule?"
"You are not your father's son."
The mansion as empty as he.
I'm the only child who lived. 
It was all routine. At first.
"You'll never get away with this."
Even now, the rejection still hurts
Months sentence of education begins.
Years later, their eyes met again.
Birth. School. Love. Children. Work. Death.
It waited under his bed, patiently.
Nostalgic. For things that never happened.
Taking casual stroll. Never comes home.
He lived alone, with everyone else.
Coming out? Lost son. Gained daughter.
Gravity killed my air borne dreams.
South Park! Redirect loop... guess not. 
The Elvis priest said no refunds.
MY EYES!! THEY BURN WITH SHAMPOO!!
Got girl, lost religion, fair trade.
She abstained. He drives away frantically.
a doctors story
Nothing changed less, than everything else.
Intertwined, bleeding; they both died alone.
Number One cause of death: Living.
"It's illegal?!" I cried, fleeing naked.
I told you Dad's gun wasn't --
"I fought him. It went...poorly."
"What the HELL..." muttered the surgeon.
She locked herself in that room.
"This isn't your car? Uh oh..."
No us, just me. just her.
Moral extraterrestrial creatures declare humanity evil.
Was my last story that bad?
Walked in on boyfriend proposing another.
"You're not my father." "Well, actually..."
it was too long, didn't read
Door closed softly, woke up alone 
Crossover haiku/intimidating concept/challenge accepted!
Loser's Motto: Easy Come Easy Go
as friends, we dance the last
Eyes house pure joy. Final moments. 
I see what you did there.
"Stop crying. You'll smudge your makeup."
"Sorry, man. She has a boyfriend."
In infinite time, I will return.
They didn't return my organs unused.
Entering the door, Was I home?
I only have one wine glass
Evil salsa! Always on my shirt!!!
3/14/15. Rediscovered first campsite. (Last entry)
Humming her song, exploring his handcuffs.
They're everywhere! Shit! Gotta go!
The puddle was not red syrup.
She missed wearing her wedding band.
"Now we're all sons of bitches"
His heart had stopped, for now. 
Today he draws his final breath.
Bright night. Kids play. Firecracker gunfight.
Here's your new diary little Anne.
I waited too long, too long.
You said you would never go !
Loved her, but, alas, duty calls.
I pleaded, she said "no mercy!".
Surprisingly enough, dinner included human flesh.
"Drugs ruin lives", mom screamed, drunkenly.
"Play better defense!" the coach yelled.
Shattered bones, shattered glass, shattered dreams.
Cats; they never remember my birthday.
His tears washed her bloodsoaked dress.
"Oh shit," said the tattoo artist.
Gazed in mirror; saw every sin.
The first inter-planetary marriage ended badly.
Evil lord nearly defeated.  Woken up.
It's late. He works, I wait.
Help! Help! I killed my friends!
 llpoo o poq  nq u
Dogs don't realize who they're eating
Nagging fails to cure clinical depression.
My soul mate's spouse isn't me. 
Does the jury have a decision?
Brilliant and poisonous. Metaphorically, at first.
I write in the historical present.
Time paradoxes don't occur. Trust me.
She put on her heels. "Goodbye."
My knife's been busy. Who's hungry?
Our rebellion hid in plain sight.
When fall leaves, a spring blossoms.
I need someone, just not you.
"Once more?" "For old times' sake."
I'm as empty as my bottle.
She blew the whistle. He ran. 
They forgot me; I faded away.
Peripherals work best when plugged in.
Buying: Love. Also accepting sexual favours.
"Is that dinner?" "Yep. Look, carrots!"
"I dreamt about fireflies again yesterday."
She kissed a picture of him.
Eyes as transparent as my bottle.
She was alone, so she thought 
Creativity expressed through hand sanitizer scents.
He enjoyed driving on dead animals
Nobody believed he was a cop.
Be 16. At school. Drunk again.
I been. I seen. I beat. 
Aliens came.  We survived.  They died.
One more time; then I'll quit.
Want girl of my dreams. Insomniac. 
Came. Saw. Conquered. Never fully appreciated. 
I think he is losing interest.
No Doubt returns? preteens destroy music.
Self posts generate no karma sadly. 
I love you, but please:  go.
Can someone explain this subreddit please?
Homeless Hitchhiker Threatens and Thanks Me.
He lost. He'd never ran faster. 
Boyfriend over bestfriend. Am I forgiven?
In the depths of despair, fishing.
Doc, I think it fell off.
Arm, razor, blood...body, gun, mud.
Tonight I failed to find sleep.
Tumblr-star tweets her entire wedding.
Propaganda makes confused youths war drones.
Six words? far too easy.
Stay awake, and we'd never meet.
Please stop, I won't tell anyone... 
"He gave his only son"
In the jungle the might jungle... 
Boy meets girl. Girl loves another.
Just sexe my chameleon. A girl.
The rash explained what she couldn't.
It was the worst haircut ever.
Loving him, and my other failures. 
Buried in the corpses of dreams.
Dodging traffic, my sandals slipped off.
Midnight, exams tomorrow. Let's check 
reddit
"Hold on... this isn't my house."
Leap of faith gone terribly wrong.
Dying, watching their white flag waving.
Thought about proposing; dumped her instead.
Just to see if we could.
Blackout drunk. Crash daughter's house party.
Interplanetary traveller wakes up in ours.
Man seeks job as procrastinator. Experienced.
Twice I've cried in a bar.
Infanticide was justified, occurred during flight.
It's your ghost that haunts me.
Kill one. Fuck one. Marry one. 
I feel as if I'm relapsing
For Sale. Engagement Ring. Never worn.
His lolz thundered through the ages.
Remember that child star? Heroin addict.
Subreddit is born, rises, then falls. 
Tiny pill packs a potent punch.
Six sick cyclists sipped soylent sparingly.
I almost caught his falling body.
A sentence fragment is when you
I finally beat the system. #hashtagsonlycountasoneword
Last existing phone rang. Wrong number.
Oh, in about two seconds.. Wh-
Did you fall from heaven cause...
Another body buried.  The plot thickens.
I can't think of anything good.
Nine months changed my life forever
I never thought you'd walk away 
Your failure is my greatest achievement. 
The mundane is slowly consuming me...
My point was lost on them.
I've got six words for you.
This is all getting super meta.
I don't have much time, help.
Heart shrieks as throbbing crotches reunite.
After six words this story ends.
Jesus left a mighty Holy shit!
"Don't shoot! You've got the wrong..."
She slept peacefully. I was content.
I wasn't careful, got my wish
Website I stumbledupon but never saved. [x-post r/tipofmytongue]
The Doctor said that is terminal.
She kissed me and said goodnight. 
Tom rose above his brain chemistry.
I overfed their Fiddle. 27 deaths.
There goes our pillar of fire. 
Scientist shoots cryptid. Sceptics still unimpressed.
"You're kind of an asshole, Bill."
Just keep going. Enjoy the colours.
After six years, her eyes opened. 
Wanderlust unfulfilled, he rose and left.
I think I just heard gunshots.
You broke your promise; cancer won.
Eventually, the letters came no more.
Bitter divorce ensues alcoholism, breast implants.
"He's lost weight." "He's lost her."
The conspiracy theories were all true.
It all started when I died.
"I can't be the only one..."
We aren't the only ones anymore.
So much for kids, I guess. 
Six words--haiku on a diet.
Heavy funeral traffic expected. Detour ahead.
Vacuous sentence disguised as a story. 
On Day 46, the yelling stopped.
Midnight meditations taught him: come home.
I don't want to leave immediately
I'll slow down, after another beer.
My story is perfect. Fuck you.
"Was that you?" "No, I'm here."
Twins adopted separately re-united in prison.
"Ultimately, that house will collapse, too."
Ryan realized he was not alone.
Slept through life, woke up hungry
Fiance drunk, sleeping.  Internet Porn Time.
His last words muffled by traffic.
we look away from life's highlights
Yelled at students.  Lost their respect.
imm.io - bilman
 - anne, beep and flowery in Pixlr-o-matic
Time for bed... one more post...
From then on she wore black.
Prom. Stomach pains. Pregnant. Garbage baby.
One way ticket: anywhere but here
We're naming the disease after you.
This PBR tastes really watered down. 
Dear dad, I...How are you?
I'd never seen so much blood
She sneezed and bit my dick
"You're going to live. Sort of."
The doll's soulless eyes were gone.
That hole goes to China. Nihao!
"She named him Snowy? He's brown."
Another lonely Friday night at work.
I've heard they hide gold here
Tide comes in, tide goes out.
"After all this time? Always." Bawwwww...
We are living time right now.
Never learned how to count.
Just stumbled across this subreddit. Subscribed. 
Best billion bucks I ever spent!
The husband drinks without his ring.
I laughed. Now we're both monsters.
And suddenly I was over her.
Just one more Reddit page tonight...
Corporations are not people. They're gods.
Chlamydia? from me? sorry dad *click*.
Now the hard part- getting out. 
We don't need no stinkin badgers.
Selling: Tandem bicycle. One good seat.
My drugs keep me alive, just. 
We fucked, once upon a time.
First, in anger.  Then, with purpose.
Vacuous sentence disguised as a story.
Addicted to breathing. Got over it.
Cries, screams, glasses breaking. Suddenly: Silence.
Screams, cries, glasses breaking. Suddenly: Silence.
His only gift, a rose, burns.
Keep the kids. Leave the dog.
His computer sleeps when he does.
"Holy Lucha Libre, Batman! Its Bane"
Those years were a perpetual winter.
Galaxies collide like particles in CERN.
Peace. But nobody to enjoy it.
she wants the kids... that bitch
I dreamed I finally helped myself.
My cat is really really weird.
Humans are limbs of sentient stars.
"I... can't pretend I didn't listen."
Lost mind. "Have I found it this time?"
Phone rings. Screaming. Footsteps. Dial tone.
I ordered my last drink again.
She cried, "Help!". They responded. "Peace".
I've been thinking -- I should stop.
We've been expecting you, Mr. Freeman.
Snuck into heaven. God wasn't there.
Oh God We Were So Close.
How's your day going?  Dead baby.
I chose the pills over her.
Ten 'til work. Can't do anything.
I'm here to tip the scales.
Odd how violent peace can be.
Boom!. Explosion. Results of Chili Wednesdays.
She was right. I miss her.
Simple farmer. War came. Now, hero.
The kids' corpses aren't thawing evenly.
Open window. Slight breeze. Empty cradle.
Infinite mass surpassed, we outran light.
Those who ask questions always disappear.
Living space doubled. Drinking soon trebled.
He wasn't an exception after all. 
Rearranged some famous words; received karma. 
I've given up changing the world
Pink Moon. No Future. Why Study?
Quitters never win. I died trying.
I saw, I conquered...I came.
Third trimester. Still alive. More contraceptives. 
Even if it breaks your heart.
The heartburn was not simply heartburn.
"I've wasted so much time..." Click
He gave in; took another swig.
Bulletproof you say?  Test it yourself.
Landed on moon, someone knocks door.
Turns out vegetable consumption actually sinning.
Bachelor's degree; minimum wage retail job.
Nobody has taken out the trash.
Lucky penny.  Four-leaf clover.  Dead.
Need Job. Got fired by Jobs.
One knee. Big question. Uncertain future.
Horshack beat Dustin Diamond to death.
Hodor! Hodor, hodor hodor hodor hodor.
We wished we could've gone nowhere.
Dude... I don't know about this. 
They look human. We were fooled.
Martians request peace. The ants refuse.
"YOLO" he says and pulls trigger.
Adult victim confronts pedophile. No leads.
Stubbed toe. Cried for twenty minutes.
Survivalists died first. We invaded bunkers.
This time, it was no misfire.
"Do they have cars in Somalia?"
Man dies. Zombie rises up. Easter.
One. Two. Three. Draw. Click. Bang.
I'm schizophrenic and so am I.
"I choose to leave," she said.
You went back in time to die?
"Remember boys, clean your junk."  "Mom!"
Skeleton no longer closet-bound. Running.
Hand in hand; a new beginning.
Hand in hand.  A new beginning
Don't y'all see?  Contractions lengthen stories.
Page 2: sophomoric.  Page 3: freshmen.
The hill people that kill people.
Buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo. Occasionally.
Trust me, I know what- OW!
Despite Blindness, Her Eyes Betrayed Her
Drinking, look into cup... Dead flies.
Keep the streets empty for me.
Hurt people, tend to hurt people. 
She's depraved because she was deprived. 
Ugly mud filled her pretty mouth.
Chicken or egg? Rooster. Inside chicken.
For Sale: Baby.  Never Wore Shoes.
She doesn't know it's a date.
Shoes laced, hearts raced, families disgraced.
Stealth snake sneakily slithers, sliding silently.
"Just this once" She said. Again.
Find buried war axe. Stub toe.
Traveled back. Killed Hitler. Everything's worse.
Former rock climber wins wheelchair race.
Death Row brings back fond memories.
Psychopathic toddler redefines 'the terrible twos'.
Addicted to breathing. Got over it.
Ran too fast, lost the TARDIS
This Scar? It's From Bear Fishing.
Last night on the punchbowl. Gushing.
Father's dying wish. Watch the video.
"Told you so", zombie brother sneered.
Standing on Mars, breathing the air.
Radiation exposure. No superpowers. Only death.
Only happened once, can't explain it.
That ring never left its box.
Did I leave the oven on?
With slit wrists, she wanted mom.
Raft built, they drew their knives.
Hate myself, and take another drag.
I swallowed a lot of blood
I shook the contract killer's hand.
Theatre costs have doubled now :).
He's gone. His smell is leaving. 
Kermit, it's not easy having gangrene
The others chose not to follow.
Fuck this, I'm buying a fleshlight.
"Bar's quiet today." "Well, it's Sunday."
Pigs start flying, society lives on.
Did you see the sky today?
I don't love you, always will. 
The hole inside is never satisfied.
Now I get the whole bed...
in anger, love's secret tore free
Matrix glitches. Wife now old maid.
I have no pain to allay.
Two lives, one event, forever changed.
Took a wrong turn, found myself.
Mother goes cougar, roommate becomes stepfather.
Anorexic scolds alcoholic. Family dysfunctioning normally.
Her first romance became his last.
The jester cries himself to sleep.
No Matter What, I Always Finish Late.
She's grown up, I'm not ready.
Nope, she didn't wear a helmet.
Everything I said has been misunderstood.
Everything I said has been misanderstood.
Hold On a second, What baby?
What are they? Echoes of life.
His body hung for months, undiscovered.
An empty space at the alter. 
One person came to the funeral.
But I don't feel any different...
Mother and father died in labor. 
Rhythmic swaying. Chair knocked over. Dead.
The drink consumed me. Sorry kids.
Wish I had greased that gerbil.
Thought I was over it; I wasn't.
That isn't school appropriate, Mr. Biden.
Lived for the apocalypse.  Still here.
He advances. She recedes. Cursed monogamy. 
"That's huge! Think it will fit?"
Two men carried the tiny coffin.
She did achieve happiness, through death .
Remorse clung to the drowning boy
An emu ate my fucking sandwich. 
Hate and love; cry and masturbate.
Hate and love=cry and masturbate.
Car crashes finally lost their appeal.
He turned to me; I trembled.
In retrospect, I should have wafted.
I thought it would be harder.
The publisher still mandates an editor. 
"Stop that, dammit!" The superego screamed.
Six words? Easy! Umm... dang it. 
A visage never to be forgotten. 
Please don't cut me down there
Finished Kingdom Hearts. Now I'm depressed.
This plan was not thought through.
Apocalypse. A flood. Adam and Eve.
This one time, at band camp
You'll need, one cup of moon...
Dear self, when are you coming?
I feel ugly when you exercise
Lines in the sand. No footprints.
My posts don't get many upvotes .
Things are different; don't start shit.
Why am I doing THIS again?
It Made Sense At The Time
Yesterday, there was a second sun.
I always finish too soon.
If only I had told her
Mass distorts space-time. Church becomes interminable.
Mass curves space-time. Church becomes interminable.
Six word stories are very difficult.
Forever is too long to wait.
Mass curves space-time. Church seems interminable.
Once upon a happily ever after.
Schizophrenic takes medication. The universe vanishes.
"Weyland, androids are a bad idea..."
Ed read reddit and edited it.
Let's just marry, without Mom's religion.
Tired of being tired . Take these . 
Flashlight dying, frantically memorizing the map.
her red lipstick matched my knife
any last words scumbag? just two.
deGrasse made the front page again
The most tasteless of cheese, swiss.
"Watch this," she said. And disappeared.
Time traveler dies tragically; 1964 - 1514
"You love her." "No. Loved her."
Respect yourself first, then others will.
"On the eighth day, God wept."
Very sad and lonely, you are.
Ann Coulter tears off the mask.
"Falling in love?" "Yes, with him."
I stayed home and never lived.
Poor life aged from addition to subtraction.
We used to steal those apples.
Nobody else likes it as much.
No. Humans DO mate in captivity.
Father died before I was conceived.
"Sure I'm trustworthy!" proclaimed Benedict Arnold.
Motorcycle fatality. One dies, five survive.
"Faking sanity is too easy, mom."
Aliens are obsessed with human anuses.
Moderation is knowing when to quit.
Police arrive. I lock the basement.
Discovered time linear is that not
Near death experience. Everyone else died.
First start, a middle. The end.
NASA's janitor never got any recognition
Free spirit meets cheap spirits. Adventure!
But I only murdered unhappy people!
Broken , beaten , scared , the concision . " more ."
why is it always me,  fuck
Look Mr. Dinosaur, neat fireball! Wait...
The less I know, the better.
"Mommy where is daddy." "He's gone."
The treasure is hidden behind the...
"I'm not too drunk." I was.
On Craigslist: Engagement ring, offered thrice.
F*ck your pants, we gotta go
We laughed, but I wasn't joking.
Brilliant idea of limited words forgotten.
Don't stick it in the pooper.
"Curiosity" landed, Martian cats killed
Even the hairdresser was a reptilian.
Search for truth reveals only lies.
Those are your orders, fulfill them.
Why don't you love me anymore?
"Seven-fifty for your mind, please."
"You smell like stale whiskey again."
Combat finished, he began to feast.
"His... his eyes were still open."
My heart caves in for her.
Played chess with the Reaper. Stalemate...
What does this button do.........SHIT!!
What does this button do....? **SHIT!!!**
We are too dumb to live.
Father dead Mother depressed Kids neglected
Flipped a coin. Had already decided.
My prayers are laced with sarcasm.
"Baby, I'm coming!" "Honey, I'm home!"
Car horns sound. Birds are exchanged.
Reason said, "No." Heart said, "Yes."
He ran; fast enough at last.
"Veni" "Vidi" Vici!" Exit. Uninstall. Weep.
Follow your dreams, don't wake up.
He'd rather be silent than offensive.
He said, "I'd fight for you."
Prayer comforted me. Until something answered.
venison's dear isn't it?
"Dishes, David!" Dave upped the volume.
When the going gets tough, quit.
After announcing early retirement, he reloaded.
Loss of pressure; cabin then blood.
"I would've never done that sober."
A haircut, an education, a funeral.
Should have buried you deeper, father.
Young and in love, only briefly. 
Out of fuel. All of it.
Shallow water. Enough for tiny lungs.
Epileptic prophet returns. Canines become overlords.
Searching for cure. Made it worse.
Puts the lotion......away until tomorrow
I still make breakfast for three. 
Glass shatters. Childhood friend becomes sister-in-law.
Reddit's down.  Get back to work.
Then knock before you come in!
Got bullied. Calm outside, rage within.
"...As your lawfully wedded wife?" "No."
What is waiting in the dark?
Disregarding her fury, they watched Spongebob.
Marooned in space; running out of...
Win a bronze. Lose a silver.
Living just to avoid the living.
Family:The greatest architects and demolishers
She said "Yes!" Fate said "No."
"It's Not Poisonous." -Famous Last Words.
Bang! They always kill me first.
Prostate checked.  I'm damaged good's now.
"Another couldn't hurt!" It always did. 
It's not really about free speech.
I don't want the world anymore.
She cried. They laughed. I snapped. 
A toast, to our poisoned drinks!
Knock! Knock! "Who could that be?"
The mirror cracked a devious grin.
Love demands more than love, dammit.
A shape approaches "Curiosity"... contact lost.
Eventually, he just stopped coming over.
Blood sample. Shaved head. Child casket.
"Enemy incoming! Get down, get d"
Fuck you, Mark Zuckerberg.  Timeline....why??
We need additional pylons, game over.
Have kids. Bury parents. Realise mortality.
"Sally! Stop hitting on my daughter."
Playing his banjo made of bones.
Secrecy conducted your personal dissonant symphony
Shit went down. Flames went up.
Adult victim confronts pedophile. No leads.
Son killed, Father and Pope escape
We were dead before it sank.
Cried alone again tonight missing them
Rule Number One: Don't Ever Lose.
Why are you never home dad?
The bottle of wine is empty.
Empty world. One person. Whole world.
I hide behind "I'm just tired".
Ayo Mang, Mang where you at?
We should do this again sometime.
I read this subbreddit, all pretentious. 
Feel hand on shoulder. Home alone.
Wife's dying wish:  Please watch    
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okqEVeNqBhc
"Don't jump! You have work Monday."
Don't stick your dick in crazy.
Five in the morning? Finally, sleep.
Note: Keep away from acid, mirrors.
Tapped on shoulder... Alone in elevator.
Shit! Nazis! I've gone too far!
"Perhaps Tomorrow-", "Assuming there is one..."
I put on the mask, changed.
I put on the mask, changed.
There was something in my room
Never drink absinthe.  Another lesson learned.
Picnic in Hell.  Forgot the napkins.
Get. Over. It. I said so.
Fly lands on penis while pissing
Died a hero. Lived a coward.
Mom hung Dad's blood-stained medals.
My sister's room was always empty. 
Mom hung dad's blood-stained medals.
Man, this dude just did this.
Wildfire surrounded house.  No way out.
Won Gold today. Never felt lonelier.
Tried coke. Smiled. Twitched. Choked. Collapsed. 
I'll never know who saved me.
You done a bad bad thing.
Economic crisis; but Reddit is distracting
Economy exam; but Reddit is distracting.
Born, "lived", died, very quickly forgotten. 
The first cut stings the least. 
Click. "Go! You have 15 minutes"
A subway and screams. Final thoughts. 
"You have my permission to die."
"Taxi driver? Why'd the car stop?"
It all comes down to this.
Amputate my legs, I'll run faster. 
They thought "Justice" would accomplish something.
Long story short; he's gone missing.
Mismatched buddies terminate crime, trade wisecracks.
It ended just as it began.
Took bite; swallowed whole whilst swallowing.
Thunderstruck, now I can strike back.
"Did you use a Condom?"..."Fuck."
I threw it on the ground!
I might die before we're immortal.
Greatest fear turned to greatest strength.
At the party, I found myself.
"His story is not worth telling."
One bed, three pairs of shoes
one bed, three pairs of shoes.
Today, we would have been 21.
I want the option of children
"Go Run!" "Yes, petty humans, Run!"
Sirens are blaring; hiding under desk.
He died as he lived: suicidal. 
Lost friends over chicken sandwich discussion.
Last human alive was shot dead.
Universe explored, humanity enlightened, we exit.
Click. "I didn't load yours." Bang.
Yeah... That's what I'd tell her. 
And that's how you get ants!
Conservative parents mistake orientation for chastity.
It isn't normal to fake laughter
I'm sure it's a costume party...
I don't care about you either.
New job! No shoes; no money.
One second felt like an eternity.
This weird rash is spreading fast.
He was shot. Wasn't an accident.
Is that the right hole, babe?
Am I doing this right?
She looked young, but felt old.
She died. She's still the prettiest. 
Oh, armageddon? We are too busy.
I don't want to be anything.
my last meal was fast food
the extraterrestrial rose from his feces.
I died!  Well, kinda.  Not really.
Sleeping pills, cyanide, noose.  Overkill?  Efficient.


First stickup. Fake gun. Called bluff.
"You gave me herpes. Fuck You."
Too young to buy Plan B
She went from engaged to single.
There are no tomorrows like yesterdays
went skydiving. didn't jump. died anyways.
"I am your father!"..."Luke!"..."LUUUUUUUKE!"
Bronze medal melted. Forced to drink. 
God is. But we thought otherwise.
Trash cans overflowed with silver medals. 
"Simple". "Bullshit". "Do it, wimp". "Goddamnit.."
Unrealistic expectations, Heartbreak. Rekindle? Will wait.
Six word stories, most very sad.
This is not six words.
Triplet's parents murdered. Suicide. Betrayal. Revenge.
Into eternity, where all is one.
I fear that she's not interested. 
God doesn't think I exist either
we failed as parents. millions died.
Death isn't so bad, right Doc?
His blood's everywhere. Way too easy.
Do you really want to know?
This time, we were the aliens.
The cat was and wasn't there.
He realized he was the monster.
Silence spoke forever. None were Listening.
She came back, damaged but alive.
"No sir, it's the fuel light."
Squeezed her hand.  No return squeeze.
Thirty-three pieces of silver? Deal.
His final day was his finest.
I will be a man someday
His final day was his best.
His final day was his best.
A stranger lives inside my mirror.
"Linguistic brainwave translator", the gorilla explained.
Seeking employment. Hard worker. No experience.
Long day. Short temper. Lost job.
"Siri: How to tie a noose."
His final day was his best.
$50,000 oR dAuGhTEr dIeS.  nO cOpS!
"Like it?" "It's delicious!" "It's human."
For sale, Wedding ring, worn once.
Cryonic malfunction. Preserved, conscious for centuries.
Unannounced return. Undressed wife. Unrepentant brother.
"Go, on three... one... two- w-WAIT!"
All of a sudden, I farted. 
"Start running," they screamed, "you're free."
"NO!," he screamed. I didn't listen. 
Guess what? This is my seventh -&gt; word. &lt;-
The horse's dead. Guess I'll walk. 
That's the day I started living.
I couldn't think of a tittle 
The bacon was never cooked.
I shall fight no more forever.
All this time, hell was here.
Lets play a game?
Crimson sky, I'm drunk. Horseman due.
Glass broke. Blood, diamonds showered down.
"Dahmer held doors for people, too."
Granted free will. Given no choice.
I was the last human alive.
Okay, *now* he's *really* dead. . . probably.
Coat hanger or flight of stairs.
I feel better when you're here.
I got the job I deserve
"Fuck you," she said. I walked.
I've never been good at titles
It's done. I'll cry no longer. 
Doctors declare you dead, not media.
You fucked up, I got hurt.
Cold body in a warm room.
I think the drugs are working.
This house is no longer home.
six words one keyboard one mind
"Statements are not stories," I said.
If only he'd worn a helmet.
Counting to infinity - almost halfway there.
My writing partner moved on. Fuck.
I forgot my own name today. 
Sheep rapist remains on the lam.
Snoop Dogg uses condoms--fo' jizzle.
M4W. (Middle age.) Wanting someone new.
I took inventory: bottle, poker, knife.
I looked back, You're already gone.
He, who has everything, has nothing.
Approaching a crossroads with no control
FOR SALE: Wedding Ring - worn once. 
I wish her dog couldn't talk.
He thought greatness would come easily.
One night. Now I am back.
Tired. Coffee. Still Tired. Espresso. Diarrhea.
To become indestructible, he destroyed himself.
love everlasting 'till dawn rises... tomorrow
I'm no longer the middle child.
'Fine!" she said. I just smiled.
ITS-IT CEO dies. THATS-THAT.
Goodbye mum, but reply never came 
Time travel ruined my bar mitzvah
Science used to prove a point.
She once watched me that way.
She lay in his arms, lifeless.
Friend unexpectedly said those three words.
"They're both gone." "Both?" He thought.
"No, I'm fine, really." She lied.
Mushroom cloud. War hero. Lifelong guilt.
Move pen, move! Write damn it!
Wine, a Loaf of Bread, and...
I wish I could have run. 
Who urinated into the baptismal font?  
The apocalypse came; and went.  Invisibly.
Earth stops turning.  Our side's dark.
"Fuck! Call a doctor! Never Mind."
Karma's A Bitch - French Relay Team
I should have said something sooner.
That cheap house cost us everything.
They can't believe I'm here again.
He fucked her while she slept.
moon waned. hard rain. shadows loom.
Under your watch, I caught fire.  
Pull over, we're climbing this mountain.
"Kids his age bounce." Apparently not.
"Happy third birthday," he sang alone.
They only loved each other drunk.
I look like dad's college roommate.
"Reincarnation not funny", reports animal plankton.
Everybody is unique, nobody is different.
He slapped, and she cried. Again.
The hip hop phenomenon petrified him
Turns out the parrot was dead
I am an introvert by choice.
Polyamory doesn't even work in fiction.
"I love you so much".... "Why?"
I signed up for this.  Balls.
Came in fourth, didn't care.
"Hobbes, it's time I stopped pretending."
My dog died wagging his tail
it no longer mattered for either.
"We are victorious!".  Nuclear winter begins.
Their modus operandi: fight, fuck, repeat.
I pronounce you man, woman, and 
"Are you forgetting something?" - "I wish"
Swimmers halfway finished. "Release the sharks."
Send the Hawaiian rocks back already!
I got on one knee. Rejected.
Escapees peered out, glowering, desperate, lost.
Joseph approached, staring hard. "I'll fight."
He fell silently into the infinite. 
Few things frustrate like finishing fourth.
I thought myself into quiet oblivion. 
Born. Love. Die. Rise. Eat brains!
Born into abyss, die into abyss.
Class, please welcome Pedobear to Kindergarden.
slipped on saddle..very sore cock
Hemingway is just fucking with us.
Wife gone. House hers. Dog mine.
"sure, it's easy"... the lying fucks.
Trained for years, came in fourth.
I hear, I forget.  I see, I remember.  I do, I understand.
The next morning, the nightmare began.
Outside Hell, cavities littered the landscape.
We set them free. They stayed.
"Are you forgetting something?" - "I wish"
Taco Bell player. Guacamole seven layer.
I am the one who knocks!
Two left home. Three came back.
In fifteen minutes, my world shattered. 
He brushed her hand, nothing more.
Hiding my bite? I'm THAT guy...
Drank poison. Called bluff. Big mistake.
Hello?  Anyone there?  Hello!?  Oh God.
Help!  I'm a beetle now!  Hello?
He got on one knee. Fuck.
"Mommy, are you sleeping over tonight?"
That's never happened to me before.
Didn't notice until she was gone.
"Give it all a name" "Untitled"
Bang. Earth. Evolution. Humans. Politics. Bang.
Mr. Sandusky, can I go home?
The last one's gone. Now what?
"Doc, my penis hurts."  "Which one?"
Turns out, he wasn't too kind
School bell rings.  I'm naked again.
Last memory: watching her cautionary tail.
Took the cigarette in his tentacle.
Irrational fear of clowns becomes rational.
Much more nefarious: it was kidnapping.
You are not bored. You're boring.
Honest; He hadn't shot her intentionally.
She didn't appreciate anything he gave.
Six Word Stories - An Awesome Subreddit.
Watching them copulate. "Plan's coming together..."
Six word story? Write suicide note.
"I'll never leave you. I promise."
His sage voice forever gone. Dad.
Mark Prior Read. He hated it.
Her pedophilia has began to wane. 
He loved life. Life didn't reciprocate. 
Poor; took bread...Well, here's Malebolge. 
Lost everything. Found shotgun. Closed casket.
Please let me go! Please! PLEEAAAAAASSSSSEEEEEE!
"You wanna fight?!!!" - "With pleasure, Sir."
The worst job ever? Captcha designer.
"Please stop," she said while smiling.
Feeling sunshine while dreaming of death.
Hold on tightly, let go lightly.
I ate until my stomach exploded.
The world cried when she left
Always trying too hard. Always failing.
Virtual reality became our home, again.
I wish there was another way
Difference in cheese opinions sparks riot.
Please come to Hogwarts with me!
She cried for help, none came.
It started as it would end. 
She never read her acceptance letter
"Fuck, 
Boxers 
back. 
Hide 
the 
bitch."
Well I'm never doing THAT again. 
Initially, graveyards didn't seem particularly erotic.
I have done more with less. 
Technology rewrites memories. Scientists rewrite history.
Overpopulation. Manufactured virus. A humanitarian genocide.
"Ya still got yer other kid..."
Lesbian suicide bombers attacked. Birkenstocks everywhere.
"Grandma screamed at the wall today."
Neurons. Stars. Identical except in scale.
She doesn't quote rape statistics anymore
Holding tight, we should let go
Not much air, make it count.
Each will soon have its substitute.
What I could do with seven...
Found the treasure. Pissed it away. 
Longing for arms to hold them.
I pronounced it, "Her Me Own."
Hoping I was dreaming. I wasn't.
I came, I saw, I flaked
I've reborn as a cat? Awesome.
She took my virginity after breakfast.
Everybody knew him. Nobody knew him.
She broke the rules.
At home. Drawing pictures. of Mountaintops!
He wasted his melodies on her...
Insomnia sounds better than amphetamine dependency.
"Clean yourself up and get out"
Whoops, I accidentally forgot one.
Helpless, I watch you mourn me.
Running out of options. He rose. 
He slept silently, his breath unheard.
Sun crept over Omniscient Blue MounTains.
Electric razor pudding motor boating goat. 
It got stuck in the zipper!
I was happy, she was dead.
I think I will live tonight
His last breath went without confession.
Paint me a story with words. 
I did hair and I quit.
Looters carried a green highway sign.
Teacher: Sex? Student: No! Teacher: F.
Here's my number, call me, maybe?
Lost another hundred-day chip again.
I kill woman. I hate myself.
Emptied my friends list last month.
Fell asleep at the wheel. Lived.
I've found what keeps us mortal.
drowning away regrets with booze: unsuccessful
thinking back, pride waned into shame
Empty bottles dull regret, for health.
Don't let me return to you.
Last words: "Why is everyone running?"
"Smoked until I pass out cold"
Most of these are not stories.
Awoken, he was still paralyzed.
"Gulped down coffee swill and left"
Take my keys and keep everything.
"I'm fine," was all she uttered.
'Liked' the ARMY's 'status.' Patriotism achieved. 
To be, or not to be
Mutated turtle answers door. Pizza delivery!
"Never bring your son here again."
"It's time," said my future self.
Object was closer than it appeared.
Honey, you are not the father
But if you're here, who's there?
He Can't Hurt You Anymore, Sweetheart
I will fight for my happiness.
The envelope contained twenty thousand dollars.
Papa drank. Mama cried. Car away.
Facing death wasn't fun after all.
"How could you?" ".. Have we met?"
Outback coyotes howled; she was louder
She left me in her sleep.
My bloody hand is on fire!
Pretentious subreddit, almost worse than memes. 
Tires screeched. Brakes squealed. We screamed.
After wishing nightly, Dad came home. 
It's as if we never met.
Long day, long week, long life.
Work, Eat, Sleep, Repeat. My Life.
Laundry days suck when you shart.
Killed someone, now he is dead.
The red carpet had big teeth.
But, that's where I poop from!
Maybe I can settle for unhappiness.
"Humans still believe I exist? Really?"
Family sticker - a couple scraped off.
Ate my last meal, then escaped.
Air raid siren. No shelters nearby.
Dinosaur asked: are you my daddy?
Son looks like neighbour. Before accident.
Indeterminate gender. We had to decide.
No man's land. Woman holds lease.
Finally! Zombie virus discovered: Internet addiction. 
"Who settled for WHOM," she corrected.
"Congratulations - you discovered a new color!"
World Travel- still couldn't find himself
I am no longer human, son.
Childhood home now in ghost town.
Alone. Fapping. Knob jiggling... Door opening.
They killed my son again yesterday.
God decided to try something new.
Listen here, Kid. God created antidepressants.
Bored, God finally tried something new.
Here comes the rain...at last
Wanted to apologize. Now you're gone.
I can fix that.... Maybe not.
After execution, alleged killer's victim re-emerges.
Despite assurances, Earth inherited by strong.
Shutting his windows, that blissful solitude.
I started atkins. Mom made cupcakes.
The story of my life: this.  
"...You know what? Nevermind," said Jesus.
Friend or foe? I'll eat either.
Pronounced unresponsive, I'm trapped inside flesh.
Our sun expanded. Only one evacuated.
I was in love with you.
You would have done it too.
Tried settling for her. Got rejected.
Drinking together saves marriage, ruins live.
Warm earth as a blanket, finally.
Moon Hit, Radiation, then the debris
"I'm sorry for offering, assholes."
she wrote me on facebook today
Waiting in line to buy dignity.
Her love just was not enough
Wished you left, Never meant it.
His dreams put him to sleep.
Met God, he bought me coffee.
This Subreddit has totally changed everything.
I'm pregnant. I'm also a man.
"Him?" "Yes." "Why?" - "He's not you."
I hid his cut off finger. 
Pet store burnt down, no survivors
Break out. I'm going home. Missing. 
Shockingly, they were not wine stains 
She never heard the terrible gunshot. 
The end is just the beginning
I can't come up with one.
Bassist takes solo--guitarist never recovers.
I found Hell in her arms.
Alexithymia, even after all these years.
sun returned, but far too late 
Trillion synapses...a thought is born.
All it took was a smile. 
Your door was unlocked. Merry Christmas.
I really fucking hate that bitch.  
losing people never gets any easier
I begged her "Please, don't jump."
We're shameful, intentionally hidden amongst galaxies. 
Mouth shut, his eyes spoke volumes.
"Prove you're really a ghost." "Boo?"
Armageddon cancelled. Lack of interest cited.
'Terra Nullius! Somebody inform the natives.'
We won't go quietly this time.
Our bare skin meeting births love. 
He wasn't from anywhere around here.
Two weeks, no food. Considering amputation.
Last recorded entry "They are everyone"
With sunlight we wake, dreams fading. 
Friction, it seems, rules the world.
I'm not sorry. They deserved it.
My stale idea was profound once.
Prison smuggler particularly disliked Android smartphones.
"Delicious," he thought, from shadows, waiting.
This time, they broke both legs.
Let me start over, God, please.
I thought that would've fooled you.
Goddamn Acrobat updates, grumbled young Kaczynski.
Thinking of a story is hard.
It's time to start over again. 
The rain made her tears invisible.
What we found was not human.
I'm cooking for just one again.
Dragonslayer beamed, Princess upon charred throne. 
"They're just pixels!" "You're just atoms."
Reality is no longer my default.
"Dad, is this when it dies?"
A cursor flashing, all night long. 
He flew down, hard and fast.
Suddenly, nothing made sense to him
I wish I had tried harder.
I quit, without two weeks notice.
I wished I had tried harder.
Pissed away his silver-spooned life. 
They flaunt what was once hers.
There is nothing more than life.
I smiled and he cried harder.
"Hold it in, honey, we're almost-"
All she saw was my smile.
"Have anything to tell me, son?"
And just like that, she left. 
Have: Keys to life, Need: Lock
Have: Keys for life, Need: Lock
BREAKING NEWS. Fireman murdered during rescue.
Welp, my cake day sucked ass.
TIL that r/sixwordstories is based on the fact that a friend of Earnest Hemingway bet him he couldn't write a story in six words. He wrote, "For sale: baby shoes, never worn."
He died, along with my dreams.
For sale: baby shoes. Well worn
Someone wrote "gullible" on the ceiling.
Realizing losing all hope was freedom.
Just relax, they will never know.
Growing up: Not what she expected.
"Zombieland was *okay*..." Their relationship ended.
Suddenly, it didn't seem so bad.
warp! I'm trapped in a time
I shot him, then we kissed
"Smile. Your crooked teeth aren't noticeable..."
A fire extinguisher would've been useless. 
"This sentence is false," my dear.
Connected to the internets, pressed delete
Sadly, the rescue team was lost.
We kissed, then I shot him.
His Tombstone read: I told you!
Watch what's on, things go smoother.
I'm changing, but everything seems familiar.
Kill the camera, she's waking up.
4 8 15 16 23 42
Having a baby would solve everything.  
He never had time to stop.
machine, discovered loop error. Invented time
I'll never forget that movie theatre.
"It's easy to troll people." He said. 
For sale: adult shoes, very tatty
See the world through my eyes
I'm gonna fucking do it shaggy.
For when six words aren't enough.
She slept at his house, again.
They couldn't make it over tonight.
We could have had it all
I accidently a whole word.
Oh crap, why am I naked?
"Let's go - bring me that horizon!"
I do not understand this subreddit
Woke up to sweat soaked sheets.
I heard their screams and smiled.
Let's just get married right now.
Grandad thinks the nurses are stealing.
If only he had believed me.
Mob of grievous people be rolling.
"My biggest lie? 'I love you.'"
"Swinging my sword, I hit nothing."
I guess that didn't work either 
Just waiting to talk to somebody...
Emptied last magazine. They're still coming.
It felt just like something missing.
"They told me you were dead."
You traveled back in time.  Already.
Villainous emails spread. World shut down.
Command entered, the computer responded. "No."
He counted syllables.
Friend's joke: a tautology is tautological.
Composing beats, synthesizing joy from time.
Select all. Delete. Save. Overwrite? Yes.
Not tonight.  I have a headache.
Batman wasn't there to save them.
This is where I get off.
Writing for hours, paper still blank. 
Two hours left. Weekend was approaching.
"Circumstantial evidence." That fucker's gonna walk.
It's only funny until it's you.
The funeral procession didn't disrupt traffic.
Indecisiveness: No, yes, maybe, then again
"I love you..." said Robot Dad.
Yesterday, I ate human meat. Yum!
I need a miracle, not you. 
They laughed at me, they paid.
The Dark Knight rises and falls.
I'm sorry, I can't count.
When seconds matter they're minutes late. 
To get to the other side.
Best hug was, me hugging myself.
Best friends make the best enemies.
Fuck causality, I had to eat.
Schizophrenia makes everything much more interesting.
They still weren't entertained, so he...
Gentle winds pushed the boat further.
Pull pin. Throw. Run away screaming
What's life without breaking a few rules?
Hopeful sentence; then depressing follow up.
There is someone in the house.
Maurice eventually forgot how to smile.
I thought I had more time.
Rust and rain. This is apocalypse. 
All of a sudden it disappeared.
Tomorrow, however, is a new day
Reddit: an ineffective treatment for insomnia.
The Browns won the Super Bowl!
"No red doors. Paint them black."
Couldn't attend Grandma's funeral; graduation speech.
big truck does not mean coolness
There is someone in the house.
It was the best of worlds.
The last bullet was for himself.
We need more six word stories
A Single Flag, Waving Gently, Burning.
Enamored purely by her breathy laugh.
Remember Susan? He's not Susan anymore.
The wall got a paint job.
Burial was canceled; lack of guests.
Sloth king sprinted. Jaguar army cowered.
Well, she didn't technically say no...
I was born, lived, and died.
Minute to midnight.  He clicked submit.
They hurt him...he hurts everyone.
"I do," I said. He didn't.
You're not a good artist, Adolf.
I was her world. No more. 
They called me mad. Showed them.
Edges have browned. Pizza is ready.
He was 16. She was 57.
These all suck, I'm leaving now.  
Maybe today, Mom remembers my name. 
My pig's got a mix tape.
"Burned my goddam tongue," he wrote.
Saw Vader on toilet, died snickering. 
Without her you're everything, now dance.
Now, this is gonna be fun.
Awake. All is still. But me.
I suddenly realized I'd never cared
Hey Susan, isn't that Greg's shirt?
A teaser is not a story.
Sorry honey, yes I'm staying late.
Born unwanted. Died in the dumpster.
He touched. He killed. They mourned.
Glancing at a mirror reveals nothing. 
As she cries, death is triumphant.
The funeral ended, no tears shed.
Clothes ripped, skin bruised. He snored.
Underground, cell phones illuminated our escape. 
And then, despite everything, he smiled
Too, many, commas, ruin, this, medium.
Anal sex feels like I'm pooping.
Pinholes lead to perfection. Then pain.
Deodorant empty. Right armpit left untreated.
Zero missed calls. Zero new messages.
This sub reddit is the worst.
Do it.  Just click submit already.
Today, I finally squeezed the trigger.
Her memory fades; the emptiness lingers.
"Mars looks different now," it said.
The President was pronounced dead. Again.
Turn ons: boobs &amp; smooth jazz
Horse rapes man, man births triplets. 
Abandoned mattress, outside the strip club
"This is a great idea, trust-"
Man exploded spontaneously, everyone was guilty. 
She didn't like the anal sex.
I'm So Meta Even This Anecdote
I'll start tomorrow. What's another day? 
I've never had time for anything.
Subscribers inversely proportional to story quality?
He invested every penny into himself.
Bacon. Bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon.
"No" She whimpered. "Yes" He gritted.
Read a book. Learned my lesson. 
When your sun rises, mine sets.
Read a book. Learnt my lesson. 
Elderly armed gentleman defends internet cafe.
Not fair... There was time now.
Shit, it turned blue. Now what?
This subreddit really blew up today. 
Their grand scheme found him unprepared.
Lost a friend, found a wife
All I know: I know nothing.
Atom splits. Fleeing, they become ash.
Well that really rustled my jimmies.
The sun didn't rise this morning.
Wait. Only one chance. Make mistakes!
She swallowed as I fell asleep.
The Six Word Stories Machine works!
New boxers: Not *my* favorite color
I am the one who knocks. 
Big Bang. Expansion. Contraction. Gnab Gib.
I do not understand this subreddit
The weather in England is awful.
So glad I woke up today.
The crossing felt endless without provisions.
Bachelor's - Graduated. Master's - Admitted. Fear - Rising.
Doughnuts have holes.  Condoms should not.
I hate stupidity, especially my own
Forever will not be long enough.
I smelled his cologne on her. 
The notion of nothing escapes me.
SWS; the subreddit of the day. 
Hindsight, I should have picked her.
Death is final. Mine was not.
White noise had finally conquered silence.
Where do you think we are?
No toilet paper; revert to instinct. 
I dreamed about her last night
Mumbling, no one hears his words.
I wish I remember her face. 
You loved me, I ignored you.
"Faster, I want to get off"
Dropped acid, separate existence became meaningless.
So often life laughs at predictions. 
Frosty's laughter was short-lived, obviously.
I always believed I didn't deserve her.
Adult baby diaper lovers. Just... weird.
Six words makes not a story.
"I wonder what this button does."
Their silent judgment stings like nettles.
Congrats /r/SixWordStories; You are todays Subreddit of the Day!
But above all, the silence rules.
Just like that, she was gone.
I can't eat Jolly Ranchers anymore.
Buried, hands frozen in frenzied motion.
Alas, neglected repeatedly. Eventually, forgotten completely.
Now that he's gone, I'm alone.
Phone on silent. Not by choice.
His heart and his brain conflicted.
Slavery abolished, weary men river-bathed.
Big city, hard times, desperate woman.
Then he set the house ablaze
And then it was too late...
World shifted, I lost my footing.
It is all about the rage
Four seasons: four reasons for love.
Blank field. Empty mind. No upvotes. 
And then the stars fell again
this guy....I love this guy
Jimmy cracked corn and I cared.
Mom went away. Dad never recovered. 
All my best stuff gets downvoted.
TO REDUCE OBESITY
diet coke is not the solution.
Though never physically, he was alone.
I hate life, don't stop me
She was ninety when started speaking.
Sun is out, guns are out. 
It was do or die... Didn't
"Not Guilty." Jury wept. Pedophile smirked. 
one more time. topless 
Pants get tighter as erection grows!
Jailed husband returned. Lover now homeless.
He closed his eyes, and swallowed.
Wife needed to fill mother's shoes.
We're moving forward, slow, but still.
Time travel exists. I kill Grandpa.
We habitually argued about earth's shape. 
Attempted suicide. Drunk tank. Found love.
Cloning dinosaurs. You HAVE a deathwish.
Daughter of drunks, mother of drunks.
Switched to solar energy too late.
Silence is golden. Bullets are permanent.
German checkpoint ahead. Badly forged papers.
Why could he not just listen?
sliced wrists,  blood floods the pavement
"No problem" he sighed, once again.
Jury declared innocence. Her father wept.
travel the world, yet still alone.
Just one more drink, well shit.
"Shit, the tranquilizers are wearing off."
Safety- that's what we were promised.
Time to live. Time to die...
The showers grow silent. I'm next.
Trying too hard, the doctor resigned. 
The chamber's grow silent. I'm next.
I adjusted my belt and continued.
Last words? "I have a few."
Yours!"
The asshole laughed.
"Grenade pin!"
"Quit talking so loud!" I yelled.
The valedictorian failed his ethics test.
They downvoted me out of spite.
Only you can teach me truths
Ragged shoes. Dress shoes. Cement shoes.
"Guilty." Wiped her tears. A smirk.
Six wolves circling. Five bullets left.
"Hooray for speech therapy," I thought.
Six feet under, I wake up.
One million was chump change.  Was.
I don't love you! ...Don't go.
Six words is not enough.
Wait that wasn't on the list.
"Home," she breathed, landing at O'Hare.
White dress. Black dress. Red dress.
I always crack-up when I fall. 
Maybe now someone will notice me
time. It sent me back in
Grunge singer sitting alone; shotgun waiting.
I set fire... to the rain.
Her heart lay bare before him.
Going somewhere. No need for why's.
Fuck it! We'll do it live! 
Website full of six word stories:
No, please don't make me go.
"Your weapons are powerless," sneered Love. 
Approval from Reddit. Back to sobbing.
I like you here, but asleep.
100,000...Put it all on black.
Do my pockets like being empty
Mom lays bleeding, dad comes next
Starving, the animal devoured it's children.
Your weapons are powerless," said Love.
Uniforms ring the doorbell. God, no.
Dictator farts. Laughter, then bullets fire. 
"Any last words?" "Does 'no' count?"
Blue links return given some time.
Uniforms ring the doorbel. God, no.
"Go to her." "I want you."
Crumpled suit. Dry throat. Last chance.
The dead won't stay that way.
His breath smelled of bad decisions.
car wheels screech, training wheels spin.
Smelled of stripper, booty and hennessy.
Everyday feels like every other day.
Met my soulmate, and her boyfriend...
Cage left unlocked. No tiger inside.
Fuck bitches. Get money. Attain enlightenment. 
You just meant as friends... right?
Spark isn't gone, but she is.
I only get lonely around people
Despite medication, one delusion persists... "delusion"?
The slaves roasted their masters' organs.
Escort paid, his virginity finally lost.
This morning's trash:  Bottles and Receipts
Innocent.Lust.Passion.Love.Boredom.Death.
One night stand. Long lost sister.
A dream, crushed by a word.
Science came far until the flash
She hovered over a toppled chair.
One of us had to go
Jimmy Hoffa admitted he'd been Sasquatch.
Who said money can't buy happiness?
The beeping ceased -- as did I.
Beaver crept, detonators were in place.

We killed him for the meat.
She loved ugly things. Like me.
Got the inheritance. Now buying friends.
Screw rehab I love my addiction
His one true fear... was rejection.
"Her scent lingered, vodka and shame"
Am I here? Here I am.
Showed her my vintage automobile collection.
Don't worry, I'll be right back...
All I was, was wasted space.
They told me they'd be back
Half this, half that: total outcast.
It was supposed to be easy.
I'm lonely :: ERROR: Input not found.
that's not the right hole, bob.
Three days later, he came back.
Dog: "First conquer owner... then world."
Class is canceled: means less future
Mcdonalds' bathrooms arent THAT dirty...right?
For Sale: Used Parachute, Never Opened
Full bottle now, empty mind later
Body wont move, mind on vacation.
Life ended as it started; accidentally.
Zoolander was not a good documentary.
Lost the man, found the ring.
Scratch card. Laughter. Sports car. Totalled. 
Too late. It can't be stopped.
Flying octopodes caught us by surprise.
Alien overlords aren't so bad, really.
Man door hand hook car door!
I hope your insurance covers that.
whatever you do, don't look down.
Some of these don't make sense.
He found her. She kept looking.
Life's a race. Are you competing?
Things Owned; Two Turntables, One Microphone.
The world ended three weeks ago.
Don't believe me. I'm a liar.
She wrote back "I'm leaving you"
Jesus secretly cloned. Labeled heretic, electrocuted. 
six voices, no choices. killed everyone
Saw old friend. Donated a quarter.
Suspect last seen leaving chapel; armed.
Confession time:  I can't count.
I loved her, she loved him.
"Don't do that," said future me. 
Command error: destination "Earth" not recognized.
The hostages were released unharmed, unfortunately. 
I wasn't the killer this time.
"Immortal soul, damaged. Make best offer."
Predators extinct, 10,063 armadillos rolled outside.
CAPS LOCK BROKEN, LOSING ALL CONTROL. 
fiddling, reversed gravity, destroyed the universe
I fell fast, woke up high.
The superman exists, and he's American
Eventually circus fired the Bipedal Human.
What do we say to death?
"Hammer or belt tonight?", Father asks.
"Leave the gun, take the cannoli"
I'll get started on it tomorrow.
Abused then abandoned, it waited patiently. 
Just one more, then I'll quit.
I'm lonely, but at least..
To be, or not to be?
Screw Flanders. Screw Flanders. Screw Flanders.
Driving and facebooking not safe! haha
The wise tree collasped. Owls gathered. 
Nobody's around. Guess I killed everyone.
Boy robs pharmacy: "Please, they'll die..."
I chose wrong, a killer walks.
The shattered mug broke the silence.
Surounded by the masses, hopelessly alone
I tried quitting drinking again, today.
The future is the dead present.
Survive thousands feet fall, no parachute.
Blind carpenter grabbed hammer and saw.
And the caps lock came on
My bladder is full, must run!
Nothing to need, everything to want.
I better dry-clean the funeral suit
Complicated: a mess. Harder to spell.
Atop my childhood sky, a ceiling.
How did I move on? Alcohol.
Pot taunts kettle in glass house
She exploded out from the afterbirth
From the ashes, another one rose.
There was no time for remorse.
Nobody told them the war was over. 
"Correction: 'Josephine.'" Rapist now, she fled.
Breaking News: Unarmed Assailant Steals Prosthesis.
'I'm pregnant' she said. She wasn't.
Reflective timepieces melt with a sun.
Only the patients survived the fire. 
Seeking. Soaked. Taxi in the rain. 
"There've been complications." "NO!" I howled.
"Of course he left." she said.
Family and friends are my world.
My advice, don't get her pregnant.
"keep eyes open soft-spoken changes nothing"
A stupid attempt at sounding deep.
"I'm done" he cried, bleeding profusely.
The carpenter hung from nails, bleeding.
"I see!" Said the Blind Man.
The boars' belches in the darkness.
"death to nonbelievers!" cried the atheist.
Distance and glass, like safety nets.
On his birthday, he shot himself.
I thought she loved me too
We're all gonna die some day
I HAD left the gas on.
The cyber ghost ship prowls tonight.
Mommy will wash the blood away.
He learnt to cook. For one.
Poor livers of college students everywhere.
"All is well." the letter read.
Please help, I'm running out of
Too fat. Keep running 'til dawn.
"Never again," the waitress vowed dejectedly.
Hell is worldly suffering borne overlong. 
A Freak Gardening Accident You Say?
What has my life come to?
"Decapitation Wednesdays," announced the legless overlords.
"Everything is fine!" the man yelled.
Ate Indian food: Don't frequent Bathroom.
After it was over, they cried.
You need me to entertain yourself?
The severed hand flicked me off.
All they wanted was a vacation.
Not enough words to finish the...
Seven billion people. You're the one. 
She couldn't remember the last time.
Usually people take corpses for granted.
The death. The will. The feud.
Never will I sleep upstairs again
Thus we learned life goes on. 
Rageniv Lana, Now Read It Backwards
Choked to death on birthday cake.
It was the best it could.
Pruney hands grasping large, flaccid penis.
She answered, "I love you too"
Six feet under, he heard them.
These are sentences! You need stories!
Puzzle (piece goes unnoticed), never finished.
Lids flutter, knocking off the pennies.
"It might be a brain tumor."
Not many page-turners in here.
The corpse replaced vengeance with emptiness.
"You are the opposite of batman!"
now you've found your humanity... convenient...
"Why would I?" "Why wouldn't you?"
I came with a lifetime warranty.
Gate wasn't locked. That baby drowned.
She told the truth; it hurt.
I am woman. Hear me roar. 
Once upon a time .... The end.
Someone on The Internet Hates Me.
Not just for the money anymore.
"I taught him to remember you."
I am different; it starts now.
Ours was often a complicated marriage.
Don't worry, I'm from the internet.
Following free advice, can be costly.
well what are you waiting for?
That sounds like a drinking problem.
I cried, she screamed, we died
Thought I'd feel better by now...
"I'm late."  "You always are."  "..." "Oh..."
My dong is a foot long.
One phone call ruined his life
He fell asleep at the wheel.
I have no alcoholic dad anymore.
I thought forgiveness would be easier.
They stepped sorely on the legos
Sex with your dog was good.
You cute. But I'm no slut.
I'm much cooler when I'm online. 
You said I'd be okay.  Liar.
Hey doctor? Will it go away?
That motherfucker and me became friends.
Bear who ate murderer was euthanized.
There's still time. I'm only forty.
The funeral flowers made me sick 
Well the fact is, I'm gay. 
HOW MANY CASTLES CAN HE HAVE?!?!
Son escapes army Dad by enlisting
Self-sacrifice -- two birds, one stone.
Visiting hours don't apply; I'm staying.
It popped and I was sad.
Moved; by his own two feet.
Colorado almost burned to the ground.
I heard her, And kept walking.
Did you lose your ring again?
Now where did that baby go?
Just HPV, but everyone has that.
Thank you, it's become my home.
She fingered my ass, I came
We raced towards the starting line.
I can handle doing anal sex
It will go away. I promise...
Soulmates? Facebook search. View Profile. Nope.
I'm a great lover, I'll bet.
They told him SHE was infertile. 
The 4th is boring in Europe.  :(
I sat in porridge. No regrets.
Dust settles on the classroom floor.
'We forgot the anesthetic.' 'Keep going!'
I never got to say goodbye....
This just in: man impersonates reporter!
The brain transplant was kinda successful. 
If it moves, shoot it twice.
Fool forgot to hide murder weapon.
That shadow did NOT just move.
Big stack of pancakes, no syrup.
A slap, a cry, life begins
You and I, we'll last forever.
My anus, glorious dark tunnel.
What reminds me of her? Loneliness.
If only the moment hadn't left
My parents made me blame others.
I still can't find my toes.
SPOILER ALERT: Everyone will die eventually.
Henry Hill handpicks blueberries in Brussels.
Used to love you. No more.
Floating fat boy continues down river
Six word story? Why not Zoidberg?
We did it, we escaped alive.
"No, Grandpa. Gay means something else..."
Thirsty man floats on the ocean.
Medicating chronically while getting drunk moronically. 
"Well... the FIRST test was negative..."
Guantanamo: a site to sore eyes.
4chan: a site to sore eyes.
"Yolo", she said. Vindictive gods disagreed.
They advertised rope as sturdy, falsely.
I suggest we ban memes. Thoughts?
She isn't much without her glasses.
Look Reddit! It's More Cute Cats!
Are we alone? Yes. Lets begin.
Please, forgive me...I'm just insane.
only five seconds to answer... go
Closing down sale failed. Still Open.
Three statisticians retired. But who's counting.
Male for Male. Recently Divorced. 63.
Need help performing one man show.
She left before I could answer.
Wait, who is that kid then?
It's all good 'til it's not.
There's nobody around here for miles
sorry, we ran out of gas.
Empty syringe. Holding my dog silently.
Is this what we are? Memes?
I searched your phone.. Who's Tyler?
Shower curtain: always check for murderers. 
My Friends Don't Have Any Friends
I thought you were still there.
Quick! Get out! It's Candleja-
Lyk dis if u cry evertim
Wait, where is the stop sign?
Looking back on a wasted life
Sweat-stained sheets; Shit-stained seats
Haters gonna hate. Let's have sex.
Heard sadness in my own voice.
Flipper really wanted a middle finger.
Despite her efforts, she couldn't love.
I realized I'm the evil twin.
The stains faded. The memories didn't.
He stayed up until she slept
And the pizza was never enough.
I still love him.  Now what?
Girlfriend died. So did my soul...
My girl died. So did my soul...
Go to sleep. I dare you.
My heart collapses, as you depart.
Everything, good or bad, is temporary.
"It's weird to see you smile".
Ein Gespenst geht um in Europa...
He watched as the world burned.
This Trip, it shall never end.
"FOOD FIGHT!" "Hey! No canned food."
All this pain is an illusion.
You don't have it, do you?
Put the money in the bag!
He was early.  Caught, I fainted.
You knew I was a scorpion
You have to earn it, lover.
What happens if i break the rules?
The cure for cancer is immortality.
I can't count to six.
Screw college! I'm making a band.
Harry lives, the Dark Lord doesn't.
The novelties have changed hands, kid.
These pretzels are making me thirsty. 
Suffering? That was just the beginning.
Thought it was over, it wasn't.
I never liked your special lasagne.
I just don't care anymore, son.
He learned to love his wife. 
"Carpe Diem!" He changed the channel. 
Use the back door, dad's drunk.
The heat of battle, but death
After, she could never feel clean. 
I savored the memories until mourning.
Without any notice, she was gone.
She said she would not bail. 
Waiting for replies never to come.
At the end, it was me. 
Laziness: six words or less.
A long pause, followed by sirens.
Why didn't you wear a condom?!
Accidents are never intentional. Remember that.
He says I'm pretty. He lied.
How many cats can I pet?
Nostalgia used to be better too.
The bear ate the murderer. Euthanized.
My Life Flashed Before My Eyes
Last person on Earth hears doorbell
You won't do it, bitch ass.
Not guilty. Not. Guilty. It's over.
She sighed, and then slept forever.
Quiet, they have enough freedom already.
Note: Flamethrowers are an *outside* toy
It is a boy!....sort of.
Wait, you've eaten HOW many souls?
Wed by ten. Dead by eleven.
He never stopped breathing, she did.
my dick is itchy you bitches
On the bright side, no rules.
Don't worry, I'll pull out....seriously.
Why on earth are you crying?
I'm too drunk for complete sentences 
How To Get A Six Pack - Six Pack Shortcuts
Marriage over. Smelled perfume. Not mine.
He lived as he died. Alone.
Confusion struggled long. Finally, happiness approaches. 
Ha! You think I can lose?!
The beats, the bass, the breasts
Sunshine practiced cruelty, often for amusement.
Remember when we loved each other?
Climber's last thought: Poorly tied knot. 
No children; he left, she wept.
Blind bats badly bungle being bored. 
Take my love, take my land...
"I will change." The cycle continues.
Gangsta rap made me do it
Spoiler alert! The butler did it.
This subreddit only has lame quotes.
Nowhere is safe. Not even home.
He dreamed kisses on dry lips
Danger! They are limiting our speech.
Does anyone actually count words?
When facing Death, you are reborn.
"You happy?" "Yeah, I'm happy now."
"I won't tell if you don't"
Sensors spike, "been an honor, sir..."
Red dots, flashing stars. war cometh!
Doctor, it burns when I pee.
Time heals wounds, yet amplifies regret.
What's this lump on my testicle?
Eighteen. Dad offers hand, not hug.
"Viva Cristo Rey!" he shouted. Bang.
Money buys happiness...at a price.
She remembered him bringing flowers once.
Fathers died. Bastards grabbed the land.
The gun fell.  She fell silent...
She used her only weapon, sexuality.
After years. they were finally together.
Parents slowly stopped saying "love you".
"Hey honey, I burned dinner. Again."
Pupils like marbles hide behind eyelids.
I don't know what I'm doing.
Previously unknown, it beckoned him: Reddit.com
Staring intently. Peering. There! Found Waldo.
Frozen he floats through endless seas.
Don't trust hookers with walkie talkies.  
Mildly interested, I opened the box
"Only a dream," he remarked solemnly.
"Who is hiding under the bed?"
And then I lost my voice.
Anger blinds even those with sight
The gun fit my hands perfectly.
holding onto the last of humanity
"I cannot die, I'll merely return!"
He hesitates. Sword breaks. He dies.
*crying* "I can't wake Brian, Mom" 
Love's overrated. I'm getting a fleshlight.
They tried to kill, they failed. 
Half of these are about suicide.
Winter is the season of men.
"Listen, bitch. Stab me once more..."
Eyelids struggling, he simply said "Goodnight."
Wasn't his first time eating human
Nothing so tragic as that meeting.
The universe collapsed sort of suddenly.
Mommy said you're a bad man.
Old pond, frog jumps in. Splash.
My life was lost in time.
Famous Last Words: "Oh no, I-"
I had love, then lost it
They came and went at once.
Consequence of a decision unknowingly made.
I'm bored. Let's go get drunk.
And so the Universe was formed.
He awoke in time to die.
"Is this seat taken?" Smiles. Love.
This escalated far past a game.
My love was a lie.  Sorry.
Thanks for your fur and flesh.
Daughter becomes businessman. Father becomes schoolgirl.
honestly, I never meant loving her.
Daughter becomes Businessman. Father becomes Schoolgirl.
"X", signed Malcolm on Tip line.
How much can I let go?
The baby lived. My wife didn't.
loop!  Help, I'm trapped in a
Wedding day.  Doubts, fears--everything vanishes.
"The fifth donut tasted like failure"
Automatic faucets won't recognize my existence.
Automatic faucets don't reconize my existence.
Cant tell if hypochondria or anxiety
This story doesn't have six words....
I painfully remembered who I was.
I'll fucking kill you Tony Danza!
Living? Dead? He's somewhere in between.
His problem was he couldnt count words
Lost the gamble. Brown streaks everywhere.
He walked away with a smile
Sometimes I forget about outer space.
Family game night is now solitaire.
I don't blame you for anything.
Three calculated words. Everything is destroyed.
Second Hand Virginity Up For Sale
Then what did I just eat?
To please her, I must die
Meaning of life: On sale $9.95.
A nighttime gunshot. Clues to find.
"Immortality" sounds great when you're seven.
Excessively unadaptable. Obstinately unrelenting. Understandably Unrequited. 
Even in death he's a dick.
I tried my best to quit.
For the last time, they hugged.
He let me keep the ring. 
Oxygen tank rupture. Stars going out.
"Walls have ears", whispered the wall.
A politician apologised. Duck! Flying pigs!
Fuck you, it wasn't that funny. 
Familiar fish in a strange pond.
I loved her. She loved him.
"Love," he whispered, "My wife's pregnant."
The price of freedom:  one bullet
I woke up but she didn't.
I found it in your vagina.
Whoa, what happened to my penis!?
Rope. Stool. See you soon, sweetheart.
Love, he said, my wife's pregnant. 
Tell my tale. Tell it true.
The payload is nearing a checkpoint!
"Big bank bailouts help everyone." -2008
The pinterest for men is Reddit.
Promising romance. Earth explodes. Unrequited love.
Yeah, you. Dance like a monkey!
"You are the One," she said.
First time we met we hugged.
He had nothing left  except rope... 
Off the bridge, suit and all
He had nothing left. Except rope.
"I'm so, very sorry" She Lied
She turned around. Our story started.
Reddit, you have stolen my life...
"You Liar!" the whore screamed upwards.
She, hiding pain, kissed the stranger.
Don't you think she looks tired?
Everyone stopped talking when she entered.
There wasn't a man in sight.
Where did that spider get to?
What does this mean, "paper nachos"?
And her last hope died.  Finally.
For sale: butt plug, heavily worn
"What is this, a black sandwhich?"
I've noticed I've started forgetting things...
Lets not be strangers, he e-mailed.
Wait... I thought I killed you.
The thing on my face died.
He grinned. "Last chance, fancy pants."
I said goodbye before she could.
IT dept blames ISP, vice versa.
If only she loved me back.
Because we could. Oh god why?
Sorry, not feeling well, possibly later?
Discovered "Red Horse." Life is good.
What is Chemotherapy? She asked, crying.
My dad was on 91st floor.
Father Joseph smiled at the boy
Contemplating revenge, he skipped son's funeral.
If only he could love her.
Before jumping, he opened the letter.
I wanted her. She wanted him.
As he faded away, she wept.
She left before we even met.
Vague. Hoping you think it's deep.
Her loneliness was liquid, like tears.
After all this time, she returned.
More alone today than he'd wished.
Thinking are a lot hard lately...
Her family walked in on us.
Second controller, always at full battery.
I Found her. She still searches. 
The son is not the father.
He made her feel like herself.
Never again;not after last time.
Dead Baby Bright Side: Extra Bedroom
It is hard sometimes, like now
All your stories are fucking depressing.
A murder committed by his twin.
Father's Day gift was left unopened.
"I am you". Grave discussion ensued.
Lord of the Rings: much walking.
It's gonna hurt, just take it.
"Can't believe she moved to France."
Imagination lost, childhood broken,  innocence forgotten.  
All the links are now purple...
They cut off the wrong leg...
Push out, while I enter you.
I'll join this bandwagon: "Dead Babies."
Smoked weed, got drunk, made fuck.
We had to marry in Canada.
I love him, he loves her.
RIP John Coffey and Mr. Jingles.
"All this was your doing!? WARREN!"
Turns out, my parents were wrong.
Sieg Heil. Baby Jews. Never Born.
Lesbian vampires: crazy week long sex.
His first and last Father's Day.
Uncle kills Dad, I kill Uncle.
We had to marry in Canada.
Bluebirds twitter, outside my cold cell.
Put the lotion in the basket.
Crush witch, steal shoes, true gangster.
Knee down, he proposed. She sneered.
The last human heard a knock.
We didn't have a safe word.
Perusing through r/proper. I felt posh.
The last human heard a nock.
These chest pains happen more frequently.
"Luke, I am your father." "Noooooooooooo"
Long story short; Frodo does it.
A warning often ignored by daredevils. 
Trapped_In_Reddit's secret now exposed.
Our dreams no longer need us.
You traded Patches for a PS3?!
You traded a PS3 for Patches?!
I love her. She's in Iceland. 
This place is a condensed twitter.
Best day ever, got a note
I can still hear him singing.
Seven months ruined in one night.
The medication kept him from believing. 
"I love you." Whispered the gun
they divorced, but loved their marriage 
Break my fingers one by one
Feelings are obsolete, I've become numb.
"Happy Father's Day," whispered the orphan.
I tried to write something happy. 
My paper isn't finished. Thanks, Reddit.
"Santa was here mommy!" "But how?"
"I'm making carrot noises!" exclaimed Timmy.
"I'm making carrot noises!" exclaimed Timmy.
To save everyone, you must die.
Tunnel ends. Nothing is here! Gah!
When will the last time come?
Time moves but the past lurks.
"Do you have the time?" "No."
I'm unsubscribing. These posts are sad.
"Leave me", he cried, cutting himself.
Writing stories with six words is overrated.
I hoped, I prayed, I failed.
"Leave me", he cried, cutting himself.
I showed them all a lesson.
She drank, he drove. They died. 
All was forgiven with a drink.
Two men fought. The woman lost.
Your words hurt, but I've survived.
If you die, she might live
Oh my God! Please no teeth.
She was not my loving child.
I smiled calmly as they charged.
I wish I could hug myself.
But, Mom says Gerbils are gay. 
Meaning of life? Just try again.
She loved him. He loved power.
"Don't worry, I'm eighteen!" she lied.
You took a drink. I swallowed.
"Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious"- An ironic Antidisestablishmentarianist with hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia.
I got eleventh from top ten.
She closed her eyes a man.
Oh god, I was too late.
He lacked the money to matter.
For once, he was happier awake.
I never knew I loved you.
I am not who I am.
"I want to be young again!"
They said he'd recover... they lied.
He had to go say goodbye.
I was. She Was. We didn't.
You sleep soundly for a murderer
don't i said, please just stop.
Born too late, regret ever living.
I didn't want this, I swear.
Scratch marks on my back? Nice.
Woke up feeling better than ever.
The test is over. Can't wait. 
We had to amputate your head.
Systematically cleansing their faces from memory
I wanted to be the best.
Is it over? Yes, she said.
They're exes for a reason.
We ought to have known better.
Cold night. Cold heart. Cold body.
With a word, it was over. 
Laughing at me, not with me.
Get some money, fuck some bitches
He slept. Still bleeding, she shot.
New shoes, I can run faster!
they see me rollin', they hatin'.
She loaded it. He didn't know.
The Fucking Motherfuckers Will Fuck You.
Lines divide us. Hope unites us.
We only knew our parents' prejudices 
For sale: baby shoes. Tasted awful.
Leave what you left behind you.
Crime was not his only vice.
I'm So Meta Even This Acronym.
Finger on trigger, the child waited.
Common sense isn't so common anymore.
Fuck Bears. Using prosthetics is hard.
Flailed, failed, choked, drowned. Gasped. Evolved?
What if we all used hyphens?
The parents are all dead now.
You are amazing, you'll find someone.
Cold night, cold heart, cold body.
And the last star flickered out.
"it's just us girls" she lied
Every dollar counts. Every morning hurts.
"it's just us girls" she lied
Only one of us shall live.
Your face. My feet. They meet.
Everything goes on without you, sorry.
Mute, she begged with eloquent hands. 
Went without socks, found Brown Recluse.
Sea view. Pockets full of stones. 
Sing, Goddess, The Rage of Achilles
World's best sign: "Puppies for FREE!"
It started with a strange e-mail.
That's not red wine. It's blood.
Dead, but has nothing to regret.
We might just see another sunrise.
*Sigh* That's it. Close the gate.
I touched myself, didn't go well.
The new username didn't fool her.
Fun day today at the beach
I think I just met myself.
Put a picture: too many words...
Bad day. Insert laughter. All better.
Everything returned to normal ...except me. 
I found myself wanting more
I didn't buy her a present
That is why two equals five!
Should have left the first time.
Retractable penis? I hardly knew him!
I met the rapist in prison.
I've made this house my tomb.
I smelled gas as I smoked.
No time for revolution, only revolt.
If I'm right, we're all dead.
Her father hurt her; never again 
These stories all feel so sad
I'm sorry. Three months... At most.
Last night went better than expected.
Always a victim of circumstance. Shame.
I met my therapist in prison.
"No." He said. Then he jumped.
She said it was long gone...
He would've turned twelve today.
You should have let me die. 
I had to accidentally a word.
She learned how to walk, twice.
He never had to hit me.
Maybe bury me deeper next time
This is harder than I thought
A rope instead of her arms.
If I'm wrong, we're all dead. 
Daddy, you missed Santa Claus again.
"Mankind's greatest achievement?" "Internet porn, sir." 
Sir, please put your clothes on.
That is why he must jump
New game? Fuck going to work.
My dirty blankets, my tainted soul.
In his arms, a son unfledged.
Didn't sleep well last night
Billie Jean? ..She's Not My Lover!
For Sale: Baby Shoes. Never Used.
Remember when...Oh, you weren't there.
When did I agree to this?
Begging the open casket to close.
"Relax, we are out of range..."
I guess my last words are...
Cthulhu rises; I feel normal again.
I said bacon, not ham!
Wrongly imprisoned.  Need a rock hammer.
Stale. Uninspired. A poor mans smoke.
This one time, at band camp...
They came. She fell. He flew. 
Time travel was eine schlechte Idee!
The whiskey still haunted his breathe.
"I said put on these glasses!"
His power will destroy the world. 
His confidence shattered, never to return.
Police stopped me from investigating further.
Sorry, checks leave a paper trail.
It really is goodbye, isn't it?
The Devil smiled. "Hi. Welcome home."
"Needless to say the party broke up."
Only six words? I can try...
That's a great picture of her.
That's how I met your mother.
He is. He was, no more.
She rhythmically convulses. His eyes dilate.
His Secret Santa was never her.
I needed you then, not now.
Spaceships made of bacon? I'm in.
His Secret Santa was never female.
Dancing with another, to our music.
Welcome. Humiliate other kids. Win factory.
I cant breathe...youre smothering me. 
The stench of blood quickly spread.
HURRY! Get to the chopper, now!
A different stain; the vacant finger.
Moved, by his own two feet.
Taking free candy was a mistake.
When you least expect, it watches.
Uniform came back. Son never did.
"Checkmate," said the Devil. "You've lost."
I lost you before you left.
Reading these, the tears always come.
She is not my real grandmother.
Never committing, always feeling disappointment. 
"I'm ready." "Me, too." They leapt.
Near the road grass calculates a broken elevator.
Can't sleep, your side is cold
No one will love you now.
Even his dog dreamed of revenge
Solipsistically, you read and wrote this.
Same bodies, buried in different graves.
Being Japanese, two words said everything.
"One look, just enough. I do."
"Shit," she said. "We're not alone."
"Honestly, I found him like that."
There are other worlds than these.
Your dog wants you to suffer.  
No one knows I love you.
Consistently wondering whether Atlas will shrug
Sank in rough seas; none spared.
He stopped coming, I never left.
One last drink, then to hell!
None of you are my family.
"Good day reaper. I've been waiting."
He had a good friend, once.
"No", He cried as he fell.
"No really, I didn't fake it."
Tapping came from inside the coffin.
He didn't speak. Nothing had changed.
It was an unusually small coffin.
He died, I cry, I'm free.
"I will clean the jizz tomorrow."
As she went, bottles went up
He'd always lived alone. Domestic Silence.
Giants aren't permitted to be angry.
Retail employee: Yup, still a person
Multiple suicides slowed the corruption investigation.
National Weather Service: Fire and Brimstone
His daily interactions: Hello. Goodbye. Repeat.
Reddit falls when cats fight back.
The cancer didn't make her stronger. 
RSVP-ed for two; ate two dinners...
From my ex: "He's not yours."
They smiled, "Now you're really living".
We planned to live like cats.
I'm colorblind to her lipstick shades.
From juice boxes to wine boxes.
You die again when you're forgotten.
Night consumes everything, children take shelter
Where I come, love doesn't exist.
"An inexhaustible resource.  Imagine." said God.
Genes and culture have symbiotically co-evolved.
How to be happy: Forget more.
Mother pushed.  He fell, then flew.
Victim can't testify due to dementia.
Then, now. The gap is growing.
Whenever I dream I feel alive.
Remember me? I helped you once.
Whenever I dream I feel alive.
He shaved, so I did too.
America the free: Free the misinterpreted.
Porn is destroyed. The world follows.
I wonder how subjective perception is.
"Goddamn it, they're all red wines."
When she died, we all did.
And suddenly, there was no more.
She thought he fell in love.
nudist fare poorly in the desert. 
There's a low chance of survival.
Twitchy eyes? Exhaustion or Stoned? Guess.
Reserve chute failed. Not like this...
"Goddamn it, they're all red wires."
She foolishly tried to change him.
"And I never saw her again..."
Thought she was crazy, but no.
And I was the only one outside.
Her smile veiled his impending heartbreak.
"Cuts? Oh, fell off my bed."
Cuts? Oh, fell off my bed. 
The suit disguised his true intentions.
"Leaving?" I freeze. Grab luggage. Run.
"This is Heartbreak One, taking off!"
Forced smiles had become her life.
This is our secret, whispered daddy.
His lottery ended in heart failure.
Mommy's a whore.  Daddy said so.
the stench. the skin. unfamiliar greenness.
Straps applied.  Pants on.  The end.
The tone: accusing, the accusation: correct.
Father you have sinned.  Now die.
Descending, she wept into his grave.
This story should have six words.
The day that Reddit found me
I once was a great perhaps.
Lost. Found. Lost. Luck is spent.
She farted. Said it was me.
Deceased. He left me his ashes. 
You used me...He's using you.
His sword rose to the occasion.
upon the page, butterfly on grass
I just don't love you anymore.
"Ferris wheels are scary." First kiss.
Top of ferris wheel. First kiss.
Avoiding her only made it worse
she touched my boner, it ruled.
"I wish she would stop crying."
Numerous attempts, failed pregnancies, a child.
Sadly there was no next time.
turning the infinite bag inside out.
The monstrous transformation? His own doing!
With the miscarriage, sadness but relief.
"Where the hell were you?..." "Lost..."
She Said She Would Come Back
"Hello son. Long time, no see."
As he died, she smiled. "Thanks"
She died... all of her hair.
Dead? Sure, alive in my thoughts.
For sale: coffin, not needed
Remember son War, War never changes
After a year, she haunts me
Matthew Broderick and I are friends.
scientific progress bore units for love.
Mother wanted to brag about me.
with my last breath, birthday candle
In West Philadelphia, born and raised..
I saw her, again the tears. 
Today, an innocent man was killed.
KAHMAYHA. Next time on Dragonball Z. MAYHAAAAAA.
I love you; need to go.
I will pray for you anyway.
The Pine-box was the woodworkers swansong
We all live, until we die
Come home. Your father has passed.
Hulk Hogan body-slammed Andre the Giant!
The writer left; the story unfinished.
Crying, Crawling, Skipping, Working, Loving, Dying
Dream: A serpant stabbed an apple.
It's Lost. She will return. Someday.
Someday, somehow, somewhere, I will triumph.
They tell me to be happy.
What does the word malignant mean?
Pedophile carpenter discards his warped world.
I'm not sad, I'm just empty.
"Will she hold?" I think aloud
broken teeth told the tongue's story.
These miss the point. They're sentences.
reality's a sandwich with no bread.
Just graduated from college. Now what?
Three bottles empty. Soon, one more.
Look at me, scars speak loudly.
Kumquats paraded where lovers had crept.
And just like that, she left.
Four pack. Always three left over...
For Rent: Hole where heart was
Tested. Retested. Second Opinion. Operation. Funeral.
The bar was a barless prison.
Always quantify that which you qualify.
Stared at the door. 0.28 BAC.
Apparently, he DID have a bomb.
The jealous porch-flowers watched the rain.
The world got old. I didn't.
definitely having another drink, because Bukowski
Try to fart, pants feel wet
She broke my heart, my jaw
Twenty years gone and still waiting.
Glad you gave me a chance
Heaven now closed: seek alternate route.
Potatoes will control Earth next Tuesday.
Sorry- won't be back for Christmas. 
With her smile faded my dreams.
Raise arm, move finger, man dead.
He went to court; I, church.
I speak, the polygraph's meter jumps.
Finished the last tea, hello Walmart!
God awaits me, in the desert.
Goodbye everybody, I've got to go.
His ego tarnished by strange communication. 
And hope slipped out at last.
Algernon lost what he just received.
Yawning would be an appropriate understatement.
Nope, people are scarier than spiders.
Troy and Abed, In the morning!
She couldn't believe it was him.
Over time Sam evolved beyond us.
Her hair was made of gold . 
Light turned red. I didn't stop.
Perhaps, she should have ran away 
The mechanic refilled the headlight fluid.
"She halted; the world did not."
In the end, faith didn't matter.
The world can do without you.
Apparently I'm very bad at this.
Air bubbles rise. Vision grows dim.
Death and justice in one swing
"Siri, would you ever leave me?"
Found: turtle, tape measure. Feet missing.
"Siri, What did I do wrong?"
"Goodye, momma" he whispered. Then Shot.
Miami hobo could not face himself.
You are beautiful when you cry .
Another girl? But I don't charge!
He misplaced the winning lotto ticket.
Wanderer lived in a blue box.
The smell of summer rain inside
Nineteen, already feeling exhaustion's constant tug
My ex dead in river. Do-over.
for sale: condoms , where never worn.
"I wanna be, the very best"
He could have been the greatest
Wanted: Honest partner, must love cats.
My therapist killed himself; how convenient. 
Because records exist to be broken. 
"How long can you remember voices?"
Shut up! I have listening skills!
What's past is past, live on...
Spaceships shone in my weeping eyes.
What I forgot was to remember. 
Her cock was bigger than mine.
Money on the dresser. No Kissing.
Don sighed heavily,"Fuck this shit."
Tonight I failed to stop. Tomorrow.
"Find another girl. I won't change."
"I lied. There were three choices."
I trusted you, the words stung. 
Dad said monsters hate blanket forts.
Dad said monster's hate blanket forts.
a first date, their last alone
"I'm happy for you!" I lied.
"Fidel Castro; You cannot play baseball."
Fidel, you can't play baseball.
Short Story: Once upon the end.
The doctor's face told the news.
I, I, I, I... never mind.
Subreddit dissed by cartoonist; egos crushed.
He never heard from her again. 
He only could mourn with laughter.
He fapped left handed and wept.
I don't have herpes, I swear
A subreddit without gems, just shit.
His Rs rolled. Her eyes rolled.
Her favorite game? Break his will.
He died as he lived.  Explosively.
Each soldier carried home two rifles.
United we can defy the gods.
She is worth everything I lost.  
I can look at myself again.
The bombs destroyed all life. Again.
Spin stories of hope not hate. 
I drowned my children. Let's run.
looked outside window,  no distant earth
"I'm scared for you, not me"
 
I taught myself how to shave.
Nothing but tan lines and memories.
He regretted clicking "Post" almost instantly.
Not enough words for a haiku.
His only solace filled a needle.
Pregnant crack whore dies in rehab
Loved by every person. Died early.
Why bother, no karma is given.
A small pill, unused unlike herself.
I see clouds in silver linings.
Six Word Stories, not just sentences! 
Live well, and be well lived. 
Customer service: Your tone dictates mine. 
He lied in every unspoken word.
It's a dog eat god world.
you staying in town for long?
The road was his only friend.
Finally the newborn cried. Mom too.
She was all he never wanted.
They walked down the aisle regretfully.
He got laid.  She got screwed.
bubbles on the surface, too deep?
The ant people are still here...
Looking back, the house wasn't home.
We yelled "heads!". She didn't listen
She opened her mind. We died.
A power button dictated his life.
I wish I could fart harder.
Six words you say? Challenge accepted!
She was absolutely terrified to fart. 
She was absolutely terrified of farts. 
"Vagina." "Penis." "Vagina." "Penis." "Vagina." BOTH!
Thus our definitions are completely different.
"Please, put the gun down." "No."
Asking for change never changed anything
Police?  HELP!  There's someone in my--
Left hand on penis, tears well.
Forever alone? No... no, Forever available
Redemption came. My eyes were closed.
tapered hems with a broken needle
Why no.  It won't hurt.  Yet.
Flowers in the trash. Happy Valentine's. 
society struck, causing yet another suicide.
Emergency pacemaker surgery, blockbuster script unfinished. 
He didn't know that I knew.
The cat sat on the mat.
Monsters gather in those empty spaces.
Love is like flying...into quicksand.
You should never have trusted me.
Waved white flags; left no survivors.
One more page then I'm done.
This subreddit deserves WAY more attention!
Typewriter stares back into my soul.
Go go go go go. FUCK!
"But the future refused to change"
This subreddit deserves much more attention. 
He became the thing he destroyed.
He screamed 'Annie, are you okay?'
We spoke in the past tense.
I just want to say goodbye. 
If you love it, let go.
Technically, a tranny isn't another woman.
This summer: bored, broke, single, sober.
The young were first to die.
Timid in love, tireless in hatred.
"I would never hurt you twice."
I gave her freedom. By leaving.
Suddenly, the lobster bisque said "Help!"
We went from "being" to "been."
But it didn't feel like purgatory
Hope floats and steals life preservers.
"I love you", for a price.
I should've, would've, could've... but didn't.
War. War will never change again.
"Ready or not, here I come!" (Who is the speaker in this story?)
Wink. A smile; then their lives...
Tonight's the night. You've been warned. 
"President's on line one.""I'm busy"
The atomic flash cured his agoraphobia.
I found a website called Reddit. 
Coral was embedded in his skin.
Tonight he finished his masterpiece story!
My pillow can't hug me back.
"Hey, watch this," his last words.
How did I even get here?
Need to stop eating myself stupid.
He only spoke to improve silence. 
All he could muster was, "Fuck".
No! Diablo! If only I'd known.
Everyday without you hurts me, lots. 
Suck my dick or leave now
Either way, he bought the rings.
(Unclosed parenthesis really piss me off.
Last breath: alcohol masked by peppermint.
When my balls itch, I scratch
Cash rules everything around me. CREAM.
Now, here's another sad, alienating story...
"I'm a cynical baggage at best."
Bits and bytes control my life.
"Life is simple" was an understatement.
Biggest fear? Sharing half his genes.
The treasure is safely hidden in...
the winner for best sentence is....!
"I don't drink anymore," I lied.
Leia kissed Luke. They are siblings. 
The dialysis couldn't filter Mom's sadness.
"She always plays the same song."
Scheduled my poops in her presence.
Don't cry, free abortions downtown today.
7 billion; yet lonely and searching.
I shouldn't have eaten that burrito...
7 billion; yet lonely and searching.
7 billion; yet I'm still alone.
Blood everywhere! Tired now. Night night.
"Smart suit. Granddad would've been proud."
He was lost with no destination.
The good times are killing me.
Wedding bells conspired against her virginity.
Alcohol was his beacon of hope
"You're a wizard, Harry!" said Hagrid. 
This is my last drink ever.
So, apparently I want to die.
Loneliness beats hanging with dickish friends.
I will bring the best cheese.
I can't take this crap anymore, unsubscribe.
Take the nametag off the door.
"A rope, pen and paper please".
Mars' Decoy, Venus' opportunity, Earth's Demise.
Saw success through my rear windshield.
Will trade vegetarian cookbooks for meat.
Felt down so I got high. 
Everything sucked until I got high. 
I can not count well. 
What is this, I don't even...
She couldn't afford to be stupid.
And I was never seen again.
I used to be a boy.
Loved him, married him, hated him. 
For pickup. Tear stained mattress. Free.
I used to hate life passionately. 
President found dead in Oval Office.
If only I hand't said that
They were puzzle pieces taped together.
Abandon all hope, who enter here.
Because of love he didn't fart.
I decided to do it anyway.
Strangely the lukewarm soda was satisfying. 
Call recorded for quality assurance? Bullshit!
No matter what, she was dying.
No guts, no glory. Second place.
I don't know what to write.
Talked friend out of suicide. 
Close the door, that smells terrible. 
snow, seen from the emergency room
Goal: story in six words.  Life.
No warning. Never had a chance.
Telegraph from General Napier; Pecavi. 
"Stop being an asshole," Cancer said.
"I'll be back." "No, you won't."
Immortals; now long dead and forgotten 
She was pregnant at one point. 
Her lips curled into a smile.
Her lips will never kiss anyone. 
I was sure she would call
Lips that will never kiss anyone. 
Cancer showed me how to live. 
Broken down. Faulkner's grave: 2 miles.
Six words? That's so easy! Oh.
Their first kiss was a goodbye.
Disregard that message. I was wrong
"She's just a bit of plastic."
Home from battle, still at war. 
whenever I see something I like.
The widow's only friends were nuns. 
Carpe Diem, if I wake up.
Avast! A pirate's life for me!
He stayed longer than we waited.
/r/sixwordstories Community Challenge #6: Stop the presses!
That's why I'm going to hell
She wish she never loved him. 
"No, the rapist was not hurt."
Happiness didn't work. Maybe pain will.
Emily's bathroom was never the same. 
Outside was freedom. Inside was prison. 
How About Six Word Stories Themes!
Ralph Lauren transformed into an anglerfish
See you in the obituaries, bastard.
now she believed all those stories
Just some books I've read, assorted.
Don't worry. I didn't say 'love'
I told my last lie today.
Her Bulimia let her have thirds.
Programmer's Diet: Coffee, cigarettes, vague irritation
Six words can't describe my story.
I really thought she was sixteen (UK version)
Little minds come with big mouths.
Last Native American lives in Canada.
Some things are better left dead.
He looked for truth in fallacies.
Grandma's more talkative since she died. 
Keep calm and hit the bong.
Hold my beer and watch this.
Being a decent person is inconvenient.
My baby was born with horns!
The zombies rose, then populations dove
I can't believe I did that.
Am I conditioned well enough, Director?
The beginning, the middle, the end.
I'll put my penis in it! 
Day fifteen, we are somehow alive.
I'm pretty sure that's not mine. 
Don't worry, man. I got this.
Two legs he'd never use again.
Ruined my teenage kid's life. Again.
For sale: Love Canal, one dollar.
Baby asleep. Wife asleep. Date night.
You are always on someones turf.
Why are there always skid marks?
There she is! Quick, act happy.
The shadow following me wasn't mine.
I know what I am doing.
He died fighting. She lived crying.
What? Why are we still alive?
Fuck you booze, I love you.
Sun is up, we're still awake.
I couldn't help but stare harder.
These stories are potential Facebook statuses.
I inherited the money and burden.
Hello, stranger. How have you been?
Those scars will always feel fresh
Drinking now, because I can't later.
It's no use! They're gone now.
Order Fugu. It's to die for.
And then we slowly lost control.
The last page was ripped out. 
Houston.  We have a zombie problem.
Blood, gore; an act of misanthrope.
Keep the change, you filthy animal.
alarm will detonate in one minute.
I never got to see Paris. 
The answer to all life is...
He dreamt heroically, but lived cowardly.
Woke up one minute before alarm.
At this beach, we're all naked.
Came home drunk. Lost my wife.
Can't fall asleep, too busy dreaming.
Our eyes met.  I looked away.
No one left to hear alarms.
He died like he lived: Alone.
Two Second Text, Life Without Purpose.
Why exactly six words? Was Hemingway
"Don't look at me" she said.
Vanished. Like footprints in a snowstorm.
There will be no happiness, ever.
Hey, we really need to talk.
We buried our son today.
Mexican food or not Mexican food?
Only six words?! Prolonged chin stroking...
Apparently "inflammable" is synonymous with "flammable."
Questioned the stars. Became beautifully lost.
"I came back, it was gone."
...And then I found five dollars.
"Why, God?" "Because I said so."
Prodigal son returns. No one home.
He apologised for his last post
"Siri, delete 'Mom' from my contacts."
"Daddy, when am I gonna die?"
What to do with this blood?
Once loved, now estranged.  Nothing more.
Turned out the gunman wasn't ticklish.
Her badly broken heart never recovered.
The worst part of censorship is
Humanity's last reddit post, receives downvote.
It sounds funner than it is.
But his eyes didn't stay closed.
Last man on earth, hears knocking.
My cat is a crack head.
Faked it, waiting on making it.
"Any last words?" "I regret nothing."
Glowing, you say? must be love.
Story Posted. Got downvoted. Oh well...
"I do," she said, regrettably.
Didn't you notice?  World ended yesterday.
This is the life you have.
He didn't know how to count to six
I wrote a happy ending, too.
Message in bottle:  Happy.  Send Beer!
He always wandered, becoming beautifully lost.
Lost my shoe. Still no water.
Jealously is Afraid and Confused Patriarchy.
He hung up. Too much sobbing. 
Dead? But I just found myself.
And Then the Servers Went Down
Crazy indian prompts red-head lobotomy, sweeps
the life he lead went nowhere
"Oh Really? Well you are adopted!
I wrote a short story today.
that interesting smell just got worse
His secret: he loved her mournfully
Meet, Date, Marry, Love/Hate, Mourn
Rainy days like these radiate tranquility.
Blew my load and my chances.
Then suddenly the cadavers eyes opened.
Dear John: Poisoned your dinner.  Bye!
"Know thyself", his curse for her.
I'm sofa king. We tarred Ed.
A fundamental fuck-up, a good father.
"You will love my Weiner!" (Dog)
They left with only their clothes.
Sale: used engagement ring, available immediately
Words arn't ideas, but instead, lives.
I will never be your friend
I became my sister's legal guardian.
There's enlightened, and then there's dying. 
And tonight for dinner, my feelings. 
One in a cavalcade of fuckups.
Regardless, he would have known tomorrow.
She didn't realize she killed him.
Aliens invaded, died of a cold.
You can't run away from thoughts.
Oxygen masks, altitude dropping; Cynical laughter.
I'm not your mother this evening.
I really wish I had listened.
My bed is much bigger now. 
The evidence against him seemed insurmountable.
He last gazed upon the sun.
He had everything he never wanted...
"What the hell happened last night?"
"I'm late..." "Late? For work, right?"
Grid's down. They're here. Hit it. 
Apologies are cheap. So are you.
The boxers paused, embraced, and wept.
The last man alive still knocks.
I see old friends in newspapers.
I thought it was regular water...
Forgotten picture books, demons of the past. 
The only safe haven is impermanence.
whats the worst that could happen..
Her last words were, "Fuck you."
Dream star gazer, the nebula awaits.
Alliteration ain't always a awesome achievement 
Millionaire at 22. Homeless at 23.
.   .  .
Introvert invites interaction. Inevitably ignored. Invisible.
If you are, I am not.
Life is hard because i can't count
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
I turned around... but she'd gone.
"Ouch!" "Sorry!" "Try again," she gasped.
Speak softly, your words are abrasive.
"I love you more." "I know."
He welcomed death, together they laughed.
Leaving here was easy. Returning wasn't.
"Chocolate: the forbidden fruit." "Where's Eve?"
You're not wearing your name tag.
The best man kissed the bride.
"help me find this--" "Google it"
You're the last human.  Phone rings...
I don't joke about rape anymore.
Of Course I Love You Too
PC starts properly, but got infected.
The bird challenged a closed window 
A clever guise, a simple smile. 
I fucked up too much now :(
What the hell is happening here
Jeremy made a woman of him.
The internet is where innocence dies.
Failed effort left me with want.
The smiling gun is silver tongued.
Her eyes brimmed, full of pain.
There's been an accident. Its mom.
Doubt destroyed love; the Knife helped.
Enjoyably wasted time isn't truly wasted.
My home eventually became my prison.
I can't find my fucking glasses.
He Loved, He Shot, He Wept.
Memory stands where misery once stood.
In restraints screaming, "I'm God's abortion!"
Like her boomerang, he always returned.
She was here. Briefly. No more.
Deserved it. Never liked her anyways.
'It's all downhill now. Happy birthday.'
TATANKA WANKAH WIELO!!! TATANKA WANKAH WIELOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!
"I'll call mom tomorrow," he thought.
Cause of death was the autopsy.
Everyone stopped cheering after the gunshot.
Long story short, she hung herself. 
"I wouldn't say 'wasted.'" "I would."
Her parents still think he drowned.
Lost job, lost wife, found joy. 
God spoke twice. Prophets at war. 
And thats all she wrote today.
Brought my wife to a gunfight.
Well that's a little bit voyeuristic.
The sudden CRACK shocked my ears.
Faded prison tattoos under his suit.
However, her head was never found
Shake it like a Polariod picture
Every comment was six words long
He wandered years becoming beautifully lost.
In our pursuit of immortality, death.
'Son, wake up. Your Aunt's gone...'
"Where're you going!" "Not with you!" 
"The chemotherapy failed." Said the doctor.
Good memory comes with a price.
What're you doing with your life?
Wondered of wander, became beautifully lost.
What are you doing right now?
Adam's Song replayed one last time.
"Obituary: Shaft. One bad moth'a fuck'a"
Radiohead's OK Computer really is depressing.
Dogs are cute. Puppies are delicious.
I realized time's passing too late.
*Hunger Games* reenactments never go well.
"Don't ask, and I won't lie."
We kissed.  She cried.  I left. 
There was no warranty for love.
Her flames engulfed the wedding pictures.
"So preciously tight" whispered Uncle Larry.
"the milk's rotten."  "It's the baby's."
"Die, infidels!" said the racist.
They only got married for sex.
"I miss you, too," she lied.
I've had empty walls too long.
The nightmare began when he awoke.
In Texas? She could be anywhere.
Never!... At least I hope not
There isn't enough booze in existence.
Dirty room, expensive massage,  happy ending.
7 AM. Sleep opportunity is gone.
Sudden tryst, difficult divorce, happy ending.
Found: Stack of letters. Unopened. Unaddressed.
You guys all suck at this
I called her the wrong name.
I have run out of tomorrows.
Naughty girls bend at the waist.
Worst cliffhanger...clock says six am
The custody hearing took my soul.
boredom is the death of itself
Go, my attack weasels! Formation epsilon!
Birth. Awkward Adolescence. Muliebrity, Parentage. Death. 
Stories? No, just six word sentences.
Come out with your hands up.
Delete Facebook. Join Gym. Lawyer Up.
You Misunderstand. I want to burn..
Saved the receipt, just in case
Awakened from the coma, he slept.
"Their dear right? Then who's that?"
Cows think cheese comes from rabbits.
Small victories. Thats all we had.
My apartment smells of rich mahogany.
Apparently it died in the womb
Sign said: no soliciting. Opportunity walked
She looked straight at his gun
Appropriate "Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal" Punchline
I learned to enjoy my chains.
"Martini, the olive makes it lunch."
Now there's nothing but a memory...
"I thought I had unloaded it."
Life's easier taken in a blur.
"Found stray kitten. Tasted like chicken."
May you lead an interesting life.
Except this time, you're all alone.
Don't Abbreviations sorta count as cheating?
The people knew why they came
What do you MEAN I'm cloned?
The lifeboats could've fit the captain.
A lonely man sips fulfilling scotch.
"what's left to lose?" " Your dick."
She never felt the exit wound.
A pair of paramedics prepare anesthetics.
Found: Velociraptor. Very 'bitey.' Please claim. 
My inner demons clawed themselves free. 
She never left the hospital alive.
Damn you Reddit, I missed breakfast. 
She left the hospital once, dead.
The day I sold my soul
She sensed it too. He smiled.
She sensed it too. He smiled.
The government  all its people.
She had secretly pierced the condom.
She waged war on a lie.
Sweet mother of god. Kidney stones.
This song's just six words long.
"He's not your son." "I know."
I was blinded by the purity.
Today was my red letter day.
The nannys magic? Whos the sweep?
Sex for sale, the sign read.
Ten years passed. Then I awoke.
She had never seen Fight Club.
Nuclear war was never the solution.
I'm sick of digging our graves.
"Leave the crib by the curb"
They made love with sirens blaring.
This is a six word story.
The last building crumbled to dust.
I'm eagerly searching for a toilet.
Things will get better for you.
Missed menstruation; musing motherhood, maturity, misjudgment. 
"we're late!"  "YOU'RE taking a shower..."
My liver hates you for leaving
The test results came back positive. 
He angrily slammed the car door. 
Missing five years; can't stop looking.
Torch whatever memories that still persist.
I love to write and I am creative. Lets write a story.
Fired. Does not matter, had sex.
My short story was too long.
"Hello." "Later." "Hello." "Later." "Goodbye." "Hello?"
She said it never meant Anything.
Lost: Wedding ring, seventy years old.
Then the last webserver shut down.
Check out r/sixwordstories! It's pretty novel!
I'm just looking for an adventure.
I used to be a baby.
The laxatives were far too strong.
Darnit, I've gone sharted m' pants
Justice peeked from under her blindfold.
Phone would ring; she'd never answer.
Obeyed law of inertia, received stares.
Just another lonely night without you...
The realities were colliding too fast.
Put your hands behind your back.
There is cookie in my beard.
He then proceeded to shit himself.
Please don't let me forget this.
Gunshots. Foxholes. Just want to liv--
At least the kids were spared.
The Devil Took The Wrong Brother
He reeked of corpses and sex
waiting so long made it torture
"Today I've mostly been eating acorns."
The three part story was fiction.
I left town, stop calling me.
One again, it was goodbye forever
The transaction ended with crushing guilt.
Her penis threw me off completely.
That prostitute was not a woman.
High as a kite. No regrets.
After countless torturous years, he quit.
Yet here I am again, alone.
"He did what I couldn't: leave."
Now time is all I have.
Steep curve ahead...shift to fifth.
Darwin Award Winner; "...the brightest." - Employer 
Darwin Award Winner;  "...was the brightest." - Employer
Its been proven, Ninjas are better.
Soldier's pet. Free to good home.
The Hero of Time is late
"Needless to say, i didn't survive"
Sam leaps somewhere new. Oh, boy...
Six chambers. One bullet. Million dollars.
His heart and her nose; shattered.
He shattered rules...or did he?
"Merry Christmas, son.  Enjoy the smokes!"
He had always wanted to fly.
luciuspecker's story just dropped rat poison
Is it in yet, she said
Its a scary world in there
Sometimes, things go exactly as planned.
I'm still alive, cure didn't work...
I lied. I don't like him.
"You're a fucking disappointment." "Thanks, Dad."
His wedding plans were cancelled, for good.
Coffee is a laxative, shit happens.
Why did i open that link
Online resume...waiting...no hits yet.
Frankly, I don't give a damn. 
Abruptly ostracized, his companions were bottles.
A life lived quietly, in sepia
He never was a strong swimmer.
Writing this instead of my novel.
I would never see daylight again. 
Vodka to wash down the cum
Masterpiece, value is not his worth.
She's not crying. Please, please, cry!
There was a bang, then silence. 
Fell into hell just for her
I was asleep at the time
There's no tears left to cry
Love to see you, come back. 
I never should have given up...
Don't cry, it wasn't your fault 
Dad's leather belt still damages me. 
Born. Crawled. Walked. Ran. Fell. Died.
He never remembered the first time.
*I only meant to scare her!*
Unusual behavior today, clean coffe cup.
My father, now just a memory.
"Are you my father?" "I guess."
Growing Old: Compulsory. Growing Up: Optional!
They can't attack if you sing.
Without you, there is no me.
"You're getting too old, too fast."
I felt the bug enter me.
The Ice Cream Truck didn't stop.
My Grandma has become a photograph.
Horsemasks are not that surprising anymore.
They had already started without me.
They ran.  One fell.  Wolves fed.
Broke her heart. Broke his ego. 
I took a pill labelled "cyanid
Six Words, Tories. Three that matter.
Don't be foolish. We can't sink!
Fuzzy memories and missing pants again.
He ended it all that day.
I'm afraid there is no cure.
We've disproved God.  Release the lions.
I really hope they don't know.
Six words worth a thousand pictures. 
I invaded Russia from the west. 
Jack knew, but he was gone
What did we expect to find? 
I heard he married her today.
This town is a genetic cesspool.
Can't find passport, Funeral is tomorrow...
He saw them smiling, at his wake.
Hey, Wait!...and she never returned. 
Stop looking at me, dirty Redditor!
Farted. No, I pooped my pants.
She liked me. I liked him.
My time machine left without me.
She left me with blue balls.
Computer crashed, shouldn't have attached wheels.
"Please let me get out alive..."
Distance kills the best of intentions
What did I have to lose?
Your princess is in another castle. 
It rained all through the evacuation.
I threw it on the ground.
It's 3:47 AM. Mom is calling.
He goes home to be alone.
Part of my life: Failing tests.
I just can't stop loving you
Hey, Bill Murray! It's groundhog day!
He called his input scanner "kittens"
Couldn't save her, this time. Rewind.
It reeked of malevolence and terror.
Last words: "Hey y'all, watch this!"
Like fools, they all kept trying.
Rain washed my tears away. 
Will you please be my everything.
Threesomes became foursomes, that insatiable bitch.
oh shit! it can do math!
Hacked the encyrption; God help us
We were told it was safe.
"A wise sock puppet named Sockrates"
There was no cure. Mankind wept.
so that's what that smell was.
I can't stop falling so easy.
"Wish me luck, I'm going in."
I will miss cooking for you.
The robot was in disguise.
"I always loved you." Then silence.
Lamentable Success
Thought the tape was blank.  Parents.
Patches died the day after father
My frothy coffee tastes like vicodin.
"Farewell, you won't remember I existed."
"Truth was...you never were David."
This does not taste like chicken.
I awoke when you loved me.
That buzzing noise never went away. 
"Man. Woman. There is no difference"
She was beautiful, she was dead.
Teary eyed but smiling, he exited.
There she was again. But... alive.
I love putting up with you
There wasn't much I could do
She screamed for help. Nobody came.
I want to find my home.
Again, I ask myself, why her?
He realized that he didn't know.
Pants down, track and field. Embarrassed. 
I've been bitten- there's no hope.
Perhaps an attic shall I seek...
Why does everyone hate me? - Aquaman.
I love it when she smiles.
This is my story, you guys!
"He flew. Then hit the ground. "
Six words; his greatest achievement. Suicide.
Cut one, she made his acquaintance.
A hyphen gives you an extra-word.
Cut down a tree; now mulch. 
"Rat poison only kills rats, right?"
I can't find me without you.
My Reddit story:
He confessed. She abruptly passed away.
So it came down to this.
It rained but it hasn't poured.
"Eat," they say. I say, "Cannibals!" 
even the ducks laughed at him
I'm dead.  I know that now.
Twelve weeks. It's official. What's next?
Another apocalypse averted. Cultists never learn.
The dinosaurs aren't dead, they're waiting.
Even with Alzheimer's, he remembered her.
Another apocalypse averted. Damn, I'm good.
"I can't remember anything." He could.
After seeing her reflection, she screamed!
He trained for this. In theory.
Dinner was beer. War was rough.
Her picture burned. His future called.
Look mom, I'm famous now!
He no longer saw her beauty
Before she arrived, he left her.
I blinked. I missed it. Damn.
Sometimes, things just fall into place.
I dreamt of you last night.
Crutches for sale, the kid died.
"Eleven weeks under. He's actually gone."
The pawn is now a queen.
Last person alive hears a knock.
I dropped the vial.  Sirens blared.
asl?, 13 f home alone, omw
It is definitely time to unsubscribe.
I went home. It wasn't there.
Her penis and testicles surprised him.
I came and went; never stayed. 
Remember when we still had cocks?
"There is no God," said God
Somehow, her hymen survived the orgy
The puppy was her newfound friend.
"Daddy, will I be with grandma?"
Smiling, the world ended around him.
If Brevity is wit, I'm stupid
The roses wilted faster than expected.
Shot of acetone, for love lost.
"He put one rock atop another. Civilization."
Awoken; day brought back my night
Ever seen a sunrise? Me neither. 
You mother.  Ooops, accidentally a word.
Three dead.  Wong Address.  No Prosecution.
"He shot his own dog, smiling."
"She left him -- he left everybody."
The requisite silence cut even deeper.
My left temple grows pubic hair.
We used what we were given.
I'm confused by all these ninjas
"Sleep is for pansies!" "But...but...aww..."
He should have saved her instead.
I almost the whole thing, Mom.
She said: Should have been you.
Good intentions, poor execution.  Loved rum.
He sleeps often to see her.
Welcome to America, enjoy your stay.
Today, one survives.  Tomorrow, we live.
Fled country town. Found country boy.
The strings of life are intermingled.
"Hey. So, we are both naked..."
It'll hurt more if you struggle.
I once went to Las Vegas
Sweet baby, Daddy can't come home.
A education? I don't need it
I was once his favorite toy.
My wife never met my husband.  
Lie: To protect me, or you?
I'm So Meta, Even This Acronym
Killed by baseball; murder most foul.
Fuck bitches, get money, smoke trees.
Reddit wastes my whole lifetime; damn.
There is no tomorrow without today.
And still you want even more.
Don't cry, it wasn't your fault 
My dreams died along with them. 
It's odd cackling at a funeral.  
Raised by wolves. Then raised wolves.
A small tree surrounded by skyscrapers. 
Sic Semper Tyrannis he repeated silently.
Clitoris is just an undeveloped penis
He stopped. Bloody, dirty, but victorious.
"Eye contact?" "That is pretty awkward."
Whatever it means, I meant it.
There's been a fire! Wrong Building!
Worn before, loved again.
We ate ONE apple, you asshole.
The rope got taut at last.
You told me, "Yes." I lied.
He told me it's not me. 
"Nothing was ever quite so empty"
"Ha! Who will save you now?"
Nothing left here. Off to space.
You killed mom. I forgive you.
She hoped reincarnation wasn't a lie.
"Whatever you do, don't shoot!" Bang.
So I threw the shoes away.
"It'll all work out," he lied.
Boy and girl grow old together. 
Soldiers, the last of the last.  
She lied. She left. I cried. 
I'm positive it was right here.
I loved you. You loved sex.
Your past is a vestigial organ
A penis cut, a lifetime lost
Finding beauty in silent city walks.
Wondering why "she took the toys"
The television will keep me company.
"Please stop it daddy, It hurts."
The bloodied note only said "help"
You can not win; every time.
Mother said, "I heard it, too".
Graduation: like funerals, mixed with weddings.
She broke it in half. Ambulance!
I found her but lost myself.
I don't remember opening the door.
I have wasted my six words
It seems we're both back here.
She is not a girl, pal.
Murder, she wrote. I wrote back.
Run Proud and Remember You're Alive.
Not all who wander are lost. 
Father, you killed the wrong son.
My poop has blood in it.
"Bring me his head," she seethed.
I see what I must do.
Planet construction, seven days, lowest bidder.
Need to poop, no toilet paper.
Lost in apathy, pretending to mourn
"I didn't let go. You did."
She left, and he looked back.
Her call changed my life, Again.
Words on napkin, unseen in trashcan.
Born healthy, lived happily ever after.
"We know how you feel." "Leave."
The mystery tramp makes another deal.
Their eyes locked, for a moment.
"It's not about you," she lied.
I don't know where everyone went.
He left. And so will you.
Together, they found time was irrelevant.
Then the sorrow turned to madness.
I awoke, alone, but still dreaming
Spaces between us, Are moments unrealized!
Even cannibals need a good friend  
Sometimes I forget the burn scars.
They're gone...but I'm still here
Love is: Something I never stop missing
I gave his ring back today. 
Those eyes. I love you. Goodbye.
My funeral
"Somebody else might've gotten it wrong."
Rick, the con man in town
My greatest achievement? A worn rocker.

I think I'm done waking up
its to damn hot for penguins 
"Sir, but it's just a child."
Now my turn in the ring.
they call that a padded room
Bury your past. Grow a future.
Whaddaya mean she's in ANOTHER castle?
I was born.  Then I died.
The gift was lavish and loved.
The fridge was far too empty.
Your wallet does not define you.
At last! a non depressing story.
She said I'd see her again.
I liked Dufresne from the start.
"This won't hurt a bit!" -Brother
The Troll awaited the inevitable reply.
"Come, follow me" she whispered breathlessly
She died. I lived. They disappeared. 
"Where's the wife?" "Fucking the neighbor."
Last night, was his last night.
she never sleeps, but wanders endlessly
Even in void, life was found.
Sometimes six words are too many.
I just pissed, please don't go.
Sometimes six words become too many.
Clearest dreams bring forth eternal slumber
I closed my eyes, imagining life.
Then, gradually, it made less sense.
And onward we both traveled, alone.
His smile will never get old.
 Sadness grew, yet tears stayed dammed.
In the woods stood a girl
Mouldering newspapers had entombed their bodies.
For that moment, I was God.
All the animals came out today.
Her face marred his perfect fist.
"You're a duck, you can't talk."
We kissed, she smiled, I came
A Lonely Cry Goes Unheard, Somewhere.
He used to lay beside me...
Degree, check. Time to move mountains.
Six words, couldn't think of anything.
I kissed her, and she smiled.
The Temple held a deluded Mass.
The sun's final ray was beautiful.
Kitty found a warm keyboard bed.
My eyes are up here. Help!
I wondered, why was it red?
Close your eyes, fight our enemies.
She traded her rags for chains.
Suck my dick, I'm a shark.
My childhood left when you did.
Bright lights, then the doors slammed. 
This is a very odd SubReddit.
"Tits or GTFO." So I GTFO.
Existence occupied the middle of eternity.  
Her exhaustion stuck out all over.
The father threw away the trophies.
Moving time had not come, yet.
He said I lied, bruises don't. 
hid in the train and died
Realize real eyes tell real lies.
He wailed, "I'm not comatose!" endlessly.
I told myself we weren't crazy.
Anti-freeze jello ended an abusive marriage.
Well, so much for moving on...
My history died with my best friend.
Burped so loud the cat jumped.
Twitter became the boyfriend Print deserved. 
this is not six words. :(
Time travel. Listen closely. Never accept-
Technically, infinity means we're already here.
"... PLEASE, HURRY! HE WON'T STOP UNTIL-..."
One bomb, two bombs; all dead.
I'm good with calculation, asian repeated.
Damn. I wasn't through living yet...
The odds weren't in your favor 
For sale: Painting, ear and sanity.
Cut which wire?? I am colorblind!
I jumped, first clarity, then nothing.
When did I forget about this?
"Hurry, please!" She said. I fired.
"It any good?", "Some don't die."
"Machine. Unexpectedly, Id invented a time" - Alan Moore
one, two, three, four, five,
One more step, no more ground.
"Love, will you marry me?" "Baaaaa!"
The smarter we are, the sadder.
The moon's backside became someone's first.
Evil I dwell, Lewd I live.
Her dreams forgotten, she slept well.

She updated my status to single.
"What if he hadn't said yes?"
Does she like me? probably not.
I think about you every day
every day is a new experience
Heard from someone you're still pretty
Her diamond necklace was a collar.
I'm not good with rules.
Cryogenics, too late; woke, still old.
inked in, but somehow still empty
Final action: broke the last straw.
There's always new day at dawn.
We laughed, knowing what would happen.
He never did learn to play.
/r/sixwordstories Community Challenge #5: Write your epitaph.
"One more drink" ended his life
I came to troll, but couldn't.
leaving his zipper down, she exits
Must it really end like this? 
And then she said, "It's cancer."
You're too tall to get over
Because my blood was mostly bourbon. 
When I'm gone, you won't be
I lost more than you won.
Suicide is America's glorified blood-sport
Why do you keep saying "butthurt"?
Credit Goes To My Buddy Mike.
Life lesson, kids: sniff the jug!
I can't be happy. He's alive.
"But why? We loved each other."
Hi there, have a nice day
I am pregnant, it isn't yours.
Protocol accepted.  Mutually-assured destruction commencing.
Ultimately, she bled for their amusement.
You're no good to me clothed.
Suddenly, a knock at the door. 
You Arab? Where's your turban?
Future? But the past unwaveringly interjects... 
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. 
"Lana. Lana. LANA." "What?!" "Danger Zone" (MIC)
Heart pumping rapidly, Joy or Fear?
Why hasn't he called called tonight?
The End is nigh. Repent, heathen. 
"Just box this up; we're leaving."
In the end she was unsure.
Fear slowly faded. Death crept in.
She stepped softly, surrounded by darkness.
Life lesson, kids: Sniff the jug!
All the truths i never told.
Bitch, I will haunt your prostate. 
All that was left was them.
She slid her hand over fur.
Through sorrow, she learned real joy.
Perhaps we'll have our own tragedy.
She entered. He left. They cried.
She what? Doesn't matter; had sex.
Can't seem to find a home.
Cigarette smoke, on a face, shaven.
Clearly, my breast scared him away.
"I love you." "You scare me."
"I love you.", "I'm afraid of you."
I post on Reddit then delete.
And then my soul whispered, "enough".
"You learn quickly." "As do you." 
Thunder rolled, lightning struck the clone.
With one shot, I was alone.
Dream quickly, dream quietly, die tomorrow. 
We argued, but it was futile.
Earth, Everyone is dying to leave.
The war won, we now rebuild.
Why bother with the normal people
Even distance couldn't keep them apart.
Her numbered arm screams "Never Again!"
And then, shit hit the fan. 
Hung like horse, my personality deficient
Her numbered arm screams never again.
She called, she left, I wept.
Son home. Uniform burned. Never again.
"Am I pretty?" "Sometimes." he replied.
Keep calm, you can do this.
Lets dance, forever. You'll love it. 
She thought quickly ... "It's God's baby!"
She said "I do."  I didn't.  
My feelings swirl; the future looms.
I'd forgotten the simplicity of sound
Reality corrupts us as we age.
Death or marriage, it's your choice.
Innocence: The greatest illusion of life.
These scars are heavy with memories.
I surrendered and it stopped hurting. 
True love these days is extinct.
I should not be laughing, but...
The war won, we know rebuild.
For sale: lifejacket, worn to death.
I cheered. Every opponent was dead.
It is time; I am unprepared. 
Your supernovae is my guiding light.
"We are never going bowling again."
where are all the decent people
My guardian angel quit his job.
We laughed, we cried, we died.
The loneliness spread like an infection.
If I...If you...If we...
By morning, the shoes didn't fit. 
It's dangerous confusing children with angels.
Moonlight in a dewdrop was beautiful
If I die, so will it. 
Little hands waved their last goodbyes.
The Ford Fairlane fell ferociously fast.
I have distanced myself too far.
"Listen here. Don't touch that sentry."
The Bloop's originator found us instead.
The train struck the car mercilessly.
The car stalled, the gates fell.
Everything was fine, until he returned.
Too short to be a movie.
She illuminated my darkest of shadows. 
I don't remember being offered... shit...
"I forgot the bacon."  "Get out!"
Bloody hands threw the shark back.
She smelled of many broken dreams.
We all chose the blue pill
The blood stains came out nicely.
Have no mouth. I must scream.
My shadow moved, but I didn't.
Here's how I met your mother.
Klingons will love my red shirt.
Two unnecessary feet under the sheets. 
Stabbing himself lost honor was restored.
World still black; eyes wide shut.
And for trying, I get nothing. 
Shut up, we have to think.
When I woke, I was dead. 
The mouse shorted out the computer.
Virginia Slim Menthols perfumed her boudoir.
The mouse eluded the lazy cat.
Get up. Get out. Get going.
Overwhelmed, living the life of another.
There's a few versions of me. 
I got this job...killing puppies.
With that rifle, I was God.
The child's body was badly decayed.
He wishes he could kill memories.
I thought she would be fine.
The one-eyed-man is king.
Count to three then just jump
Excuse me is this your baby?
As the doghouse burned, she giggled.
"Houston, Mars isn't lifeless. It's a--"
STOP! Everyone in here is dead.
So, wait... I have been freed???
it's her love triangle murder plot
The smile hid a tortured soul.
I'm Sorry... You stole a what?!
His sharp suit was a prop.
Mrs. Butterworth died alone in heaven. 
His only question, "You my dad?"
Little people have small victories too
Just one more bottle to happiness.
He said its original. It wasn't.
Horrible lies told by terrible liars.
I am done dealing with you.
I smiled, he pulled a gun.
What happened to your pants man?
I have made a terrible mistake!
A man, a plan, a canal.
All her friends noticed her flaws.
Please. Don't stop. I'm almost there.
Please. Don't stop. I'm almost there.
The shopping trip was an adventure.
The monitors screamed before she could.
Colonies communicated inside that man, unwarranted.
I suck at what I love.
"You know what? Fuck you too."
They then made love once more.
"Ladies and Gentlemen, the Titanic awaits!"
Man stumbles, finger slips. Ambulance involved.
Hey y'all, this will be awesome!
Barbell squats; my butt really hurts.
"Just be yourself," they all said.
His Money Only Bought More Lies.
The walls scream as I sleep.
The gas whispered, "I'm sorry boy."
"Fuck." The first time she cursed. 
No one cares about Gossip Girl.
She's somebody I used to know.
Rock bottom has grown quite comfortable.
"I will live life fully...someday."
He found out the anesthesia failed.
"My mum says I'm a rule breaker!"
"RED OR BLUE WIRE?!" Thirty Seconds.
As she signed off, "without regret".
"I love you." "No, you don't."
Her Derisive Laughter Killed The Moment.
His bleeding heart had bled out.
Her Breasts Fed Nothing But Shame.
His Flippant Response Ignited The Argument.
A beginning, a middle, an end.
Take off your shoes, party time!
Everything was freed, good and bad.
Everything I worked for didn't work.
The Drugs Were Never Quite Enough.
Shoes tell a lot about someone.
September the second, first rock concert
Getting tax return money was frustrating.
Too many plans, too little time.
Only the bicycle survived the truck.
If only they had saved themselves.
Her little fingers were so blue.
Her little hand was so cold.
Load your guns, hurricanes forecasted tonight. 
Car had no brakes. They died
Never told parents I love them...
"... but I thought I 'was' laughing..."
This Karma obsession will kill me...
The plan lacked imagination. I improvised.
"Crazy? I say more like silly!"
"Earth almost looks peaceful from here . . ."
Three decades; learned tons, not enough.
Famous last words - fuck it, let's...
I died without batting an eye.
I was skeptical. Now, I'm callous.
Kilt got stolen while wearing it.
Death; the end to every life.
The point of life: Death
At one point, I was happy.
I get it, you want attention.
Now removed, he stared blankly ahead. 
Down the rabbit hole we go.
My taxes waited while I played.
These pixels paint my whole world.
His last words were, "fuck you."
Chair kicked violently; no pain felt.
I felt like destroying something beautiful.
hooker's lost tooth, no fish today 
Being late never felt so good. 
His sister was also his mother.
One's ecstasy. A funeral. One's tragedy. 
He kissed her crying tears, laughing.
Acetaminophen, NSAID, Ibuprofen, Diphenhydramine,  Tramadol, Freedom 
Not fair... There was time now.
I HAVE NO IDEA! He replied.
That is the wrong hole, sorry.
He lived as he died. Unknown. 
Kid looks around, sees what's left.
"Hey Hank." "Yeah Fred?" "Shut up."
Sorry, I'm with your mother now.
Three men, two tickets, one gun.
She chose, hoping for the flogger.
Safety glass installed. Bulletproof...we thought.
But that was his last wish!
I watched their empty minds feast.
All that makes us human continues
That guy in mirror, isn't me...
Man dies alone, surrounded by friends.
She understood, yet, we never spoke.
Dad preached dedication before he left.
"That's that," he said, and left.
What just happened? Nothing, you died. 
She never lived, nor ever died
But this is not your reality.
So now, I'm going to Madison.
Written on the mirror: "You're next."
Voodoo boy pricks himself with pins...
Tomorrow came and went, never noticed.
All was forgiven; then timely peace.
My nipples hurt, when twisted hard.
And that's how I was killed.
Together, they never felt so alone.
On the way, he passed Tundira.
For sale: used rifle, dropped once
I lost, she is gone forever. 
Lived with regret my whole life.
Looking for chrome urn for son.
I loved her. He did too.
She was my everything, and nothing.
That House Was Never a Home.
Mad scientist decides to calm down
There were two men, no, one
Pokmon didn't worsen, you just aged.
Not Even Her Vagina Was Sexy.
A Faulty Wire Was The Cause.
The Loan Did Not Go Through.
I was bereft, all over again.
This is Harbinger, assuming direct control.
Are you SURE you aren't allergic?
Clandestine love hurt our families' reconciliation.
Trade couple's burial plot for RV.
Alzheimer's support group. Please call (999) 555-314.
He died... Didn't STAY dead, though.
The Caribbean comeback just failed again
I don't believe we ever die.
It ain't nothin' but'a hooker party
He took my smile with him.
Like the moss along my teeth
It landed gently between his eyes.
Cleverbot just gave me this one: "Some people say we'll all die."
She would never need poison again.
What do you mean I'm fired?
"Living to my potential is boring..."
Snake in toilet, tongue on schlong.
"No I tripped, landed in her."
"He grew up quickly after that."
"Forgive me; O, forgive me, son."
Check the rabbit's butt for keys.
"For the kids." -My grim resolve.
Brief Jerky. Not the snack expected.
I miss those days, ignorance was bliss [7]
Her heart broke but she stayed
I confessed. She said, "That's all?"
"In her passing, my madness passed."
Rusted razors and lots of salt.
The last woman on Earth dies.
Found out we weren't dating exclusively. 
Houston, the time anomaly time Houston.
Mommy's dead. Daddy too. I'm bored.
Two Zombies approached, one bullet remained.                     
Listen closely: do not obey me.
"Let us burn the world together."
Why are there so many spoons?
Nonrefundable tickets for a nonrefundable life.
"Knife down or I shoot." Deaf.
Every Sunday she rewound her clock
Let the saliva do the work.
Get head injury. Can't face it. 
Sixty-four redstone. No more torches. Boom.
And that is when Shit Happened 
The Rising Sun did not rise.
Fuck it! We'll do it live!
The story was only six words
"PENIS!" detention, and victory, were his.
I waited. Success never came.
"The stew was alright," he conceded.
Why can't I hold these limes?
He smiled, knowing she was lying.
This is wrong, she thought, continuing. 
"Beats monotony." He shrugged, then jumped.
The little engine was too small.
"I've been bitten... Please help... bRAinS!"
Starlet sex scandal. Large alligator involved.
"you are Mine," whispered my psychosis.
Yes! Yes! Oh, my god, yes!
While defecating his drawers, he grinned. 
Waldo was Carmen Sandiego all along.
He was wrong, it was poisonous.
I can't believe I tried this.
"Groan," Peter said as he awoke.
I'm pretty sure this goes here...
The crib contained only sad memories.
"So how is it, doctor?"
"Cancer." 
I am woefully unprepared for adulthood.
"The breakup was mutual." It wasn't.
Smiling, she fell off the ledge.
Friend's Gay Father... One Heterosexual Experience.
"Oh," muttered the broken-hearted girl.
...and that's when the raptors attacked.
The world ended, and silence fell
Where did I put my glasses?
Wanted: experienced gardener, punctual, not foreign. 
Woke up. Kicked Ass. Good day.
I dressed up nice for nothing. . .
"Beats monotony." He turned, then jumped.
"Dad...I'm gay." "Son...me too."
So much pain! Please stop singing.
You won't forget; you know that.
You left me no other choice.
In retrospect, he relished my misery. 
He laughed at my tears. 
Alone in elevator, suddenly it overweight.
Will you turn down that music.
He smiled. She frowned.  They ran.
And I nodded, pretending to listen
Treason found in a hollow log. 
He wouldn't wake to fuck me.
He laughed at my O face.
No, I don't have a gun (RIP Kurt Cobain).
Hey, that wasn't supposed to happen!
"Calm down, the Internet sent me."
"It's okay, the Internet sent me."
High Before Work.Damn, no Visine.
He boldly ignored her broken heart.
His best words brought little karma.
Parade day, candy rain; children raised.
Five... Four... Three... Two... One... Ignition.
"What the fuck?", said the priest.
That henge is strange. Very wrong.
"Have long nights and strange men."
I brought icecream, so we fucked.
The doll house contained no dolls.
Sigh. "Yes, my name's really Osama."
"Hello, I'm your new neighbour, Dennis."
People get scared, they start doubting. 
Some of the bridges burned me.
Thinking poorly, she said, "Let's go!"
Whatsa matta you, shuddupa your face!
Then April became the sweetest month. 
I once shit in a box.
"Spacedicks? What the fuck is that?"
She makes my heart sing. Poorly.
"With great hair, comes great responsibility"
We buried the hatchet...for now.
Your Momma is so fat...OUCH!
"I tried, but couldn't save her."
I should have swallowed you, child! 
The prisoner drank the poison gratefully. 
"I'll always come home to you."
I guess, I need some help.
Letter to God: Return to Sender.
Sagan taught him: "Imaginary spaceships rule."
"She died before her flowers did"
Mobsters, stolen jewels, dangerous gas stoves.
In the beginning, it was different.
Lips trembling, she asked, "Where's daddy?"
Death isolated the victor. Why Me?
OH DUDE! Oh Man! oh shit.
I just wanted to go home.
"Well," he said, "I'll try later."
The feud tore the world asunder. 
The fued tore the world asunder. 
Oh my god, she said yes.
After all the fighting ended; silence.
let us change the world together
For me, it was never easy.
Faustian deals were always his nature.
"Love you," he whispered, drinking alone.
World ends. Curtains close. Applause. Goodnight.
Blue uniforms advanced; 'cats eat birds.
and then, he farts himself awake.
Her scent haunted him for days.
But the truth was so mundane.
She's right. I left. We split.
Sudden knowledge, it wasn't that bad.
On that day, everyone cried silently.
Wanted to comment, defeated, I liked. 
His face was a facade for evil.
A haiku, this will never be.
Lied to mom, no more car.
Newborn me smelled like sweet peaches. 
Couldn't get it up. She left.
I should sleep. Instead, I cry.
My dick, two babies, one gun
Had to shit, but only farted...
"Time Travel works!" he told DaVinci.
mom was good with a whip
I am now one year wiser..
Great deals on second hand caskets.
A fortune cookie saved my life. 
Felt like P. Diddy this morning.
''That still only counts as one!!''
dreamless night are difficult to record
and then, my friend... You die!
Guns make small men feel big.
"I love you"......"Oh....uh, thanks"
One drink. Fast car. Empty house.
The fresh air affirmed my doubts.
Took a shit, missed the seat
Born conjoined, but we grew apart.  
trusting him; a mistake made once
Professed my love on April Fool's. 
clearly drunk, possibly brilliant, average redditor
Saw flashing lights and sped up.
And they lived happily ever after
Her dying breath; granted his first.
Tried too hard; lost the girl.
"I'll be right back," he lied. 
The second time is substantially easier.
"Insert the onion...," she grinned knowingly.
Gun for sale, only fired once.
NIKOO, MY COUSIN! WELCOME TO AMEREECA!
All is quiet, tomorrow never arrived.
Every love feels like my last
"Two teas both with sugar please" - excerpt from an Elton John song
Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo.
I just got up and left.
His grave never had any visitors.
Attacked by mountain-lion, saved by bear
Both lives ended when he died.
My sister was an only child. 
Choose your adventure, or maybe don't.
He was killed; but is alive.

She hated me, from the beginning.  
"A broom and an urn, please."
He read the cover: Don't Panic.
"Yes love", my famous last words.
Fortunately, I outlived the sandwich monster.
And as she fell, she giggled.
It's a trick. Get an axe.
I used to believe in love.
And then the steak blew up.
He said, "I will not conform, man."
And that was just the beginning...
She reminded him: trust no one.
Or, you can use less.
Perhaps it was time to leave.
This is harder than I thought.
Six surely isn't enough, is it?
None of these are very good...
Perhaps, it was time to live.
"It can truly be done tonight."
I was just thinking about death.
Brazzers makes me bust a nut.
Yes, you can only use six.
"Why?" He asked, smirking. "We've Won!"
"I'm not real", and then silence.
I picked my ass real good.
It's simple: we kill the Batman.
I had to pull the plug.
Spend nights seeking intelligence on Omegle.
"See you soon," she said, mistaken.
"Best keep it alive", she said.
His final words... oh, he's alive.
Wait, I can only use six?
I put the ring away again.
she screamed; as We all watched 
Day's fine, / Then mimes. / Armageddon time!
Scattered pearls marked matrimony's tragic end.
I may have strayed too far.
Hug your child, one last time.
She was going to propose tonight.
The temptation was much too great. 
Damn! I broke my spoon!
Sorry can't count to six.
Username relevant, because I am drunk
I don't wanna be me anymore.
"When do we start?" "Right now."
It's the last time. I promise.
He welcomed death as a friend.
I'm too tired to feign sanity.
Letting go of anger saved us.
Need a lioness; not a lamb.
Farting throughout the battle proved worthwhile.
His promise came true, Pa left.
He told me he'd come home.
He often listened, but never spoke
Homeowner survives blaze. Firefighters mourn comrade.
Hopes dashed, he bought a rope.
The unknown observer screaming high above.
Butterfly. Windscreen wipers. Half a butterfly.
His final words were "Left, right?"
Female; Fractured cheekbone, Four small indents
"I promised I wouldn't," he said.
Traded the ring for some wheels.
i could swear she was virgin
The man in black kept running.
Let me wash your feet, Jesus. 
...It was the blurst of times.
She is fat, though. And boring.
It was the promise of summer.
Then I understood the blank canvas. 
Birth confusion rebellion reluctance acceptance death.
Teddy's eyes glowed; everything was gone.
Every time / There's crime; / A mime.
The parachute didn't open. "Oh, fuck."
Twenty-two weeks, eighteen too early.
Hey... Her name is Camille, right?
The joke was never on you.
Just pretend you don't know her...
It is always the quiet ones
Wanted: Friend. Beginner level. No experience.
I was prejudiced against the prejudiced.
She always went to movies alone.
"Well, that was weird," it said.
Her ashes still burn my body.
Come Here! Check out this website.
I am a reasonably content nobody
He was selfish, he died alone.
With soft hands he beat her.
I think you accidentally the story.
Need a story? Why not Zoidberg?
Funny how love hollows a man.
Sadly, he wouldn't see home again.
Stop! Don't press that red button!
You were not a mistake son

Sycophants applied; he hired. Company tanked.
Given enough time, atoms think reflexively. 
I never understood the empty bunkbed.
He shot, she died, he ran
Never going to give you up
"That dead nigger attacked me first!"
Tenderly, affectionately, she removed his dress.
Earth's only man was not alone.
The smell overwhelmed all four rooms.
I loved them all to death.
His struggling ended. The noose creaked.
My friend wrote this one: Boy meets girl; girl meets maker.
I started clapping just for her.
She died? It should be you.
giant ship, fucked girl, boat sunk
This morning, I never woke up.
She watched. He bleeded in silence.
Never again would he walk slowly.
I went away for a while.
Legs limp. Rope taut. Zipline ready!
Sing, goddess, the anger of Achilles
I'm more commercial than you are
God: "I apologize for not existing."
Watch this and hold my beer.
Veterans' guns. Antiques. Men -and- weapons.
He paused, smiled, and kept moving.
Mummy, I don't believe in God.
Oh crap! The gun wasn't empty!
Begun by blood, by blood: undone.
Derelict spacecraft's pilot awoke from stasis. 
Begun by blood. By blood: undone.
A man. A plan.  A canal.
And then the pope walked in.
A second chance meant two heartbreaks.
"Thou art god" said Michael Valentine
Fire Portal Gun. Gun Portal Fired.
After twelve stitches she's single again.
Shuttle landed. Unpacked suitcase. Empty armoire.
Get busy living; Get busy dying.
Never as special as we thought.
Footprints: lightly, deepening. Here, now gone.
Shortest biography subject gets life sentence
Hope can drive a man insane.
Attempt one failed.  Only he realized.
I thought the door was locked.
Our morning delight - derailed by toddlers.
This story has only six words.
No one really wanted him back.
Forever only lasted for six months.
The moral of the story is.
I gave her away eight times.
The apparatus revealed we already are.
I realized I was going home.
Mommy? Why arent you moving? Mommy?
Six words. That's all it took.
"Where is my duck?" "Behind you"
Redditor?  I don't even know her!
"You're gonna need a bigger boat."
You peed THERE!? Fuck you Fluffy!
Yes, I can. But I won't.
The goddess bathed in quantum foam.
All I wanted was a Pepsi!
The Beginning. The Middle. The End.
The creeping death consumed the world.
"May I Rest?" "No, Not Yet"
She hairy. It diserected. Vag yawned.
Math easier than English, but hard too.
Mormonism prevailed. Doesn't matter, had sects. 
The Beginning. The Middle. The End. 
You're born.  You live.  You die.
I never knew how she felt.
Mountain peaked.  Survived.  Walks with limp.
Once upon a time: The End.
After becoming widowed, she turned atheist.
You've turned away on your side.
Light from above broke our silence.
Last Second Shot: In and Out.
She told me the condom broke.
"Underground" she yelled, and kept digging.
I'm alone and I don't care.
I lied.  He died.  She cried.
Said she was clean...she wasn't.
What does this red button do?
Looked for self, found someone else.
Born on floor; World I explore
I have never gone through puberty.
She stood still in the crossfire.
The freckles fade. The fire dies.
She smiled at me, broken hearted.
"Only once" I told the syringe.
"You were only ever a fling."
English paper? Or new subreddit r/sixwordstories?
For sale: one condom, used once
The city died slowly, imperceptibly, surely.
The portrait of a dead family. 
Dad died hungry. He still is.
Built raft. Sank slower than expected.
Her words left before she did.
Life or Death? It's all perceptual.
He said, "It's over nine thousand!"
Yeah, sure, I'll have another drink.
I have always loved her instead.
"Chuck, Chuck? What are you doing?"
"Whew" he said, flushing the toilet.
Killing her was harder the first time.
Lord, the blisters bring you back.
And that's when I woke up.
For sale: Baby shoes. Well used.
His last words: "Watch and learn."
This is the last time. Promise.
You guys suck.  Watch and learn.
Want to leave, love to stay.
No pills, couldn't speak. She left.
She said goodbye. She never left.
I saw a cat. the end.
Plane crashed; dog survived; humans eaten.
The rough handed man spoke softly.
Options abound, I could take none.
Thoughts rush. Lies awake. World sleeps.
He laughed. She cried. Nobody listened.
A community formed around that subreddit.
Exaggerations increased by 1.000.000 percent recently.
Simon had never felt more alone
she only wanted to hear six words...
I cannot compete with horny brutes. 
"The body? What body?," I lied.
Fuck! I feel so guilty now.
DST happened, gotta rush, almost there.
Me or reddit? still miss her.
I woke. My closet became silent.
I'm gonna be in my bunk.
I sway here, still loving you.
I didn't wake up this morning. 
Mom taught me how to shave. 
I mailed Christmas presents. She remarried.
I don't know what I'm doing.
Shit... chisel broke halfway through 2012.*
It made sense.  We'd destroy everything.
Found soul mate, couldn't stand her. 
Lost: The woman of my dreams.
Dogs gone. No one to hug.
Naturally smart. Brutally dishonest. Next victim. 
Recursion? Recursion. Recursion. Recursion. Recursion. Recursion?
His hurtful words pierced her heart.
I came, I saw, I left.
I wish I had a reason.
"The dog or you? THE DOG!!"
Surely it was just a pothole. 
"I just can't win with you."
/r/sixwordstories Community Challenge #4: Pitch your novel!
She hated my fire: perfect match.
Even through earthquakes it never fell.
Even thru earthquakes it never fell.
I can kiss away the pain.
Would you save my soul, tonight?
He left. Never to return again.
Too much pancake, not enough syrup.
First impressions last a long time...
By speeding up, she slowed down
The world, can pass me by. 
I had nothing to say then.
It took one to know one.
"But I had your name tattooed."
Engagement ring for sale. Size seven. 
I'm new. So I posted this.
She wished she never met you.
I wish I never met you.
I came to see her smile. 
Those eyes, oh god those eyes.
I wish I'd known you better.
Look up, I'm on an airplane.
It was too late. "I Do."
Snuck a kiss on her cheek. 
Salivating; get utensil; take a bite.
That, uh, didn't come out right.
Some people are just all talk
If only she could know me
She does it for the gusto. 
His last thought was about her. 
I saw black locusts and lightening. 
I have never been so scared.
The ring fell thru his pocket.
Just need one more word....
Six word stories are always interesting.
Sometimes, I just want my dad. 
Sweet stories, crying shoulders, paper cups.
Goodbye.  Thanks for all the fish.
Im So Meta Even This Acronym...
Said "NO", then bit him off. 
Your eyes tie this room together.
Mayhem is an art. Let's paint.
And there goes my dream job....
I never saw her more happy.
"What's that on your arm?" "Nothing."
The Hivemind... We call it Reddit.
Despite severe oposition, he never failed. 
Reddit, I really need your help...
"You look fat in those jeans"
Jumper's Confession: "Gravity, I'm having second--"
Zydrate comes in a glass vial.
Hydrochloric acid will dissolve the body.
He was afraid of flying monkeys.
Middle, the blonde. They unchained her. 
RL Six Word Story: When I went to her wedding.
Tried leaving; she wouldn't let me.
He left me for dead.  Bastard.
Birthday today, high, drinking and alone.
She said she loved me. Idiot.
Yesterday I started coughing up blood.
There's a reason dogs hate him.
Showered to wash off my burdens
There's a reason dogs hate him.
A hero dies.  A nation weeps.
When seeing Krispy Kreme, Santa cried.
Long story short, she ruined everything
All I know: what I believe.
"You're already dead." ...she told Grandma.
Say it ain't so, Charlie Runkle. 
Gun for sale! Missing one bullet.
Internet is the new carnal knowledge.
I remember my wife in white.
Kill a man with bare hands.
My math grade was lower than expected.
Happy homonym marriage, reddit whore and
"You will be great..." In bed
She is gone, I am broken.
when seeing Yesus Kristos, Satan cried
want to get naked? i asked
Playing hide and seek with myself
You will get what you give.
You will be surprised by her interest
Few fortunes further faithless fallacies, fortunately
Hey guys, how's... Oh God no!
/r/sixwordstories Community Challenge #3: What's your fortune?
Robot Diary: Unclassified
- They are dead.
I moved. He didn't. I died.
You don't know I love you.
I wish work would be unnecessary.
Do you think we'll be together? 
"I do." "I do." She didn't.
Do you ever feel completely exhausted? 
The executioner's mother caught every performance.
Pulled the trigger.  I'm alive.  Dammit.
Tomorrow, tomorrow, I love you, tomorrow. 
Lost in time. Tears in rain.
She wasn't worth it anyways. 
You killed my father. Now die. 
Smoke, drank, then robbed a bank. 
We're learnin' the facts of life. 
The second mouse got the cheese.
Way too drunk to post this.
Different strokes, for increasingly different folks. 
I'm missing something. Is it you?
We did it, men. Well done. 
Always a bridesmaid, never a groom.
Abandon her? How is that possible?
The second mouse, got the cheese.
She wrenched her back and orgasmed.
Popped a boner. Rode in style. 
She gave a kumquat an orgasm. 
It wasn't so easy this time.
Finally met my dad. Pretty disappointing.
Help Wanted: arbitrary attributes (not you).
Can we get off heartbreak?
We met. I fell. She didn't.
sorry sorry sorry i was drunk
I knew all along I'd lose
She doesn't live here any more
"weird scenes inside the gold mine"
Charged with a possession of melanin.
No job, no money, no girlfriend
Tired but content, passport in hand.
That boy looks like a girl.
tried once, tried twice, gave up
He reached the peak, now alone.
Oh Hell, I am still alive.
I didn't think that would work...
"Pull out!", Sorry, I already came.
I saved Christmas, ten months early.
Loving life is just Stockholm syndrome.
Don't prey on me. Run faster.
He promised it would be better.
Don't prey on my, please father.
I should never have walked away.
It was a horrible shaving accident.
We can't, can we? We shouldn't.
Hot-footed it, no one's the wiser...
Messy brown hair, she ignored me.
That smell; that stench of betrayal. 
Lost: Soul.  Please Contact: Broken heart.
She died.  He lived... sort of.
I lived.  I wish I hadn't.
Sitting in class, messing with Reddit
At a roads end, you fall.
Held my peace at the wedding. 
Inside the Sun's core. Warm. Bored.
Stop shitting on the rug, Doug.
Shooting came easy. Now walking's hard.
New assistant at work, boss' kid.
Got a bad case of Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis.
leaves house, never to come home. 
Somehow, I accidentally became an adult.
Color supersedes the primacy of line. 
Rain poured, yet she smiled. Serenity.
Epitaph: "They're hidden under the basement."
What if I'd pulled the trigger?
Thought I'd killed him.  I didn't.
Snow falling. Snowman building. Mom calling.
Desolate stronghold, reluctant understudy longing surrender.
Grab chocolate chip cookie, damn raisins.
Woke up sneezing, violently chugged OJ
No son of mine is gay!
What if she doesn't say yes?
My son, may he be unlike.
"Close encounter of the karaoke kind"
"Take credit?" The hooker walked away.
Run faster! Almost there! Damn. Sharted...
Reoccurring nightmares make my Life unbearable.
The shower curtain stays wet; mold. 
Sounds great. Can't wait. Fuck rhymes.
Life always revolves around me.
Nice Shoes! Got 'em from DSW
He loved her; she left him.
My Valentine arrived one day late. 
They struck their last match. Nothing.
Didn't date then. Now he's married.
Nuclear war is the only solution.
Pledged my love. Lost my friend.
I've kissed tears off your face.
Rooting my birthday present. Oh shit.
She found him, just another man...
February fourteenth is just another day.
Money buys all except her sleep.
I almost fell asleep, then: fell.
Cheap buffet: Come eat, real human
Heart kills postman delivering love letter.
I've burned every bridge I've crossed
Simplicity is the key to life
Why are there so many ostriches?
Begged her to stay, she won't.
"If I stay, you won't change."
Bloody nose, black eye.  Not gay.
"Sorry I'm Late." She didn't wait. 
Amazing weekend! crap... back to school...
Grey skies, heavy sighs, grey eyes
Motherhood's great!  Actually... it's mostly terrible.  
Monday again? We had that last week.
Orangered: what did I say now?
I've been dreaming way too much...
/r/sixwordstories Community Challenge #2: A love story.
Today, I found love. Thank you.
Today, I will whore my cake.
Fuck you kid you're a dick
On one knee; I replied 'yes'
I believe that death can wait.
I guess, I wasn't good enough
I will stop looking for him.
Six word stories? Yes, I've got....
There is nothing I won't eat.
I mistook myself for someone else.
Great at leaping, bad at landing. 
I won't stop looking for her.
"You're not her father," she lied.
My nipples are red with blood.
Sunrise observed on the western horizon.
I don't wanna talk about it...
Imaginary borders, changed by real wars.
Not sure if stupid, or just trolling
"Shit, did I wear a rubber"
Thankfully, my gun had one bullet left.
Time for a drink, I am done.
Bandits stole his coffin, saving thousands 
Repeat after me; "I am free".
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck.
Blindfolded, hands behind my back. Kinky.
My finger is on the trigger.
fuck you, fuck you, you're cool
This very second, someone is dying.
Smile. "I love you." Awkward silence.
On her, I have no honor. 
He embarrassingly vomited onto his congregation. 
New Years. Time Square. Dead silent.
I are rapper yo yo yo
The world died with cataclysmic finality. 
He never did wake up again.
He repeated what he had repeated.
'Oh, David, yes!'...Brian was crushed.
'Last request?' 'Blowjob from your wife.'
Caustic lye scoured poured bloody lies.
Her family won't leave me alone.
"It's time to die, my son."
"Fools! I will destroy you all!"
Those late nights spent...for what?
He ate the crispy bacon ravenously. 
This one time, At band camp...
"I pitty the fool" "thats four?"
"I will die for you." "Thanks."
"Don't come closer: it's a trap!"
"Come and run away with me."
/r/sixwordstories Community Challenge #1: Your dying words...
"I love you." "Go away, fool."
Can't say much with six words.
They waltzed as the world burned.
The stars wouldn't always be there.
this means something. this, something else.
There she lay, empty and cold
Love her. Oh wait my hand.
I've only got two seconds to
"I came, I saw, I conquered."
And robots obeyed - one last time.
"It's not fair!" said Tom darkly.
She was here a second ago...
Our final kiss lasted forever. Literally.
Was it good for you? Oh.
Time and money, he had neither.
She couldn't let herself fail now.
This time, he bought one bullet.
Losing a limb felt somehow disarming.
Soldier returns to family. Cold box.
Am forever alone condemned I fear.
"Just one more," he convinced himself.
what is this love, beginning now...
After I had almost no beard.
Lois knitted sporadically, before the meth. 
Wake up early. It's the weekend.
Bad medicine is what I need.
i still hate that nigga tybalt
"Dinner for two?" "No, just one."
Pair of dice led to paradise. 
I promised I wouldn't forget. But...
"Flow My Tears, The Policeman Said"
I overheard some really awkward things.
Are those really your last words?
Jurisprudence fetishist gets off on technicality.
This story is six words long.
Please turn your head and cough. 
Fuck, I mixed up the drinks. 
Browsing on TED, decided to share
Bet on Tebow, Savings Now Zero.
Her perfume screamed, "I own cats."
"Never again," he said. He lied.
Now I wish I never wished.
Her son's room remains forever unaltered.
Six-Word Memoirs by Advice Animals (Slacktory)
"They mostly come at night. Mostly."
The pizza was almost perfect. Almost.
Am i doing it right? Anus
He held only bones in cloth.
Last proton decays. Then, another Bang.
He held only bones in cloth.
Our love wasn't unrequited, but unrequired.

His charm had me at "goodbye".
I never can finish anything
A thunderous roar, and then - silence.
She closed the lid over his face.
is anyone else all alone today?
Will I see her again? Maybe.
Old man. Young boy. Forbidden love.
Given time, nothing anyone does matters.
Fuck, coal again. I'll try harder.
We talk. We cry. We leave.
I've always thought you were perfect.
My name came from a captcha.
Oh well; at least she's ugly
Never can have too many tiaras.
I'm So Meta Even This Acronym
An empty glass erased his face.
So heartbroken. Sold the publishing rights.
Blood Thunder Titanically Torn Asunder. 
Bruised knees and cut up hands
Think outside the box, within reason.
Reborn; rising out of the ashes.
Don't blame me if I cry.
Weather-beaten soul; sleepless, train grinds on
I would have given you everything.
Stay awake! I hear them coming.
Mother screamed. Baby screamed. Orphan born.
fading quick, just need an echo
I smoked until I felt high.
It's midnight... I'm changing... UHHAAARRGGGHHHNNN.... RUN!
N00bie searching frantically. Where's the click?

Caged rescue dogs pleading for bondage
Mother of three, she went without.
Saw her waiting, but kept going.
Missed Hitler; hit Eleanor Roosevelt instead. 
He wasn't going back to jail...
He wasn't going back to jail...
SOPA passes. Reddit cries small tears.
I'm starting to forget her face.
yeah! And then he was like...
His daughter kneeling, he took aim. 
From debate to chat to nothing.
Swerving left David lost the election.
I found this subreddit moments ago.
She hid in the jungle, waiting.
The cries faded as he ran.
Do you remember that one guy?
Now all his sadness, finally forgotten.
Time Machine; clear shot; missed Hitler.
I didn't want to? I lied.
She told me "baby, I was drunk..."
she was alive! nope, chuck testa!
Life, a series of unfortunate events.
They always held each other's hands
Her heels broken, she ran on.
Finals: done. Where is my weed?
Fuck you, Dad, wherever you are.
Absolution seemed as impossible as sleep.
For you, Dad, wherever you are.
It would've been so fucking easy.
Well... I'm not doing that again.
Who drank all the fucking milk?
I cheated in multiple personality school.
"Never?" "Maybe once" she finally confessed.
One,two, THREE!! It wouldn't budge....
Her mind had become her foxhole.
I think I may have exaggerated.
Air for sale: price is negotiable.
"Fall in!"--His spot was empty.
extended responsibilities mean trouble for me. 
"She's back!" I jumped, reached -- awoke.
One inquiry please, where are we?
I toured. I visited. I returned.
See? I had to leave, 
He wrote one chameleon word:
This is the end of that.
We both studied antidisestablishmentarian-ism at Taumatawhakatangihangakoauauotamateapokaiwhenuakitanatahu.
And then, one day, they opened...
I still make coffee for two.
He saw that gas can explode.
I for one, one for all.
I buried the knife. Help me. 
god is in heaven no longer
For upvotes: check top stories, imitate.
Two blue lines, one missing woman.
Religion? Actually I think I'm God.
Counting: learned; never used.
He awoke screaming, "THERE SHE GOES!"
"I need you!" she cried, mockingly.
chineese girl screamed paint off walls
He didn't realise it was loaded.
The doctor will see you now.
sorry that it kind of sucked
this is my six word story
I'm still missing my left boot.
There's a double meaning in that.
Through many hardships, to the stars
I actually love his small penis.
Then my third girlfriend became lesbian
Too drunk to get it up.
I took off my clothes.
If you run, I'll find you.
I'm not sure I said no.
Engineering now - success and fruition later.
Damn, I should've worn a condom.
Honey, he's just a co-worker; nothing more.
Bill is just a work friend.
Ok Dave, Just one more beer.
Many pretty sentences, not many stories.
By Tuesday, I'll be a woman.
A broken mirror; a thousand reflections.
Hearts of gold cost too much. 
Brothers and sisters, tonight we die.
I thought we were only children
The last sunset was the brightest
I just farted smells good man
I immediately regret taking more drugs.
Sunset is an all day process.
But I would have married her. 
All I want to say is
"So the divorce came through today."
Fucked her. Threw up. Went home.
Kill him? Kill them. Kill me!
We... don't go to Ravenholm anymore.
Here. Here. Here. Present! ... That bastard.
Huh?  What?  Who are you people?
"You read me this everyday, Granddad..."
Wish you were here; do you?
'That one, boys, won't see Christmas.' 
That can of pepper spray hurts.
Furries stopped me from killing people.
For Sale: Parachute. Used; never opened. 
The Moustache Made Me Do It
I touched myself once... oh yeah.
All I need is a cape
And then the mirror replied: "No."
That was the greatest day ever.
Got high, ate and got paranoia.
First here
Time to eat? Yeah, we're finished.
please recognize, I'm trying so hard...
Something in the way she moves.
Nothing is the way I remember
Once upon a time, the end.
never more desolate, never more diligent
My poop came out funny, today.
I shouldn't have called the cops.
I should have called the cops.
No more leftovers!?!  He will pay.
Breakup? No. No, no, no. No.
Tonight we feast on angel flesh
Are you working late again, Daddy?
She...She doesn't love me anymore.
The past was his warm skin.
We climb that tree every Thanksgiving.
I'm happy, really happy with you.
not one fuck was given today
Couldn't stop the car in time
Some of his children are chosen
Home didn't feel like home anymore.
Can one lie while on hallucinogens?
Told my wife about the spatula. 
No thanks were given that day.
He couldn't afford a ticket home.
Alcoholic's daughter makes vodka pie crust.
What a disgusting display of emotions. 
Why can't we just be friends?
Gates crashed; they were upon us.
Today I ate so much pie
What the hell have I done?
The chains removed, light was seen.
His birthday spent in a cemetery.
My daughter would have been six. 
Gently weeping, he turned and left.
The paint makes breathing much harder.
Keep it, it's a fake.
Where did I leave my keys?
'Okay', he said. 'Let's do this'.
Fuck it, why not. I'm high.
No Mom, I Hate Grandpa's Massages.. 
No longer questioning my dog's patriotism.
And I'll Never Do That Again
I didn't know she was married...
I didn't know she was pregnant!
Steve jobs: from chemo to keynote.
I'm fine, I just took alot.
please help my friend jack off
Don't look at me like that!
Hit snooze, now I am unemployed.
Flirted with a lesbian's girlfriend. Ouch.
Dawn behind them; eternal sunset before.
"These hands, on you, weren't planned."
Teeth knocked out in mosh pit.
I didn't know it was loaded
I'm fine. Don't worry about it.
Like always, I've nothing to do.
Nice paisley horsie! Want sugar cubes?
It doesn't matter, I had sex.
Had great sex, she called cops.
He said goodbye, turned, and jumped. 
"I traded them for magic beans."

I finished.  This never happens, sorry.
Bloody Mary, Bloody Mary, Bloody Mary...
To bed. We rise at dawn.
Brilliant composer. Terrible husband. Lousy shot.
Slut? No. I'm a nonprofit prostitute.
Earth? Can't stop there. It's uninhabited. 
Today My Shadow Moved Without Me
The Mirror Revealed The Enemy
My phone's alive. I'm ignoring you.
Mission failed. Asteroid continues on course.
Rejection, he figured, beats not approaching.
Hemingway is rolling in his grave.
Listen listen listen, we're fine mister.
I tripped and fell. Thats all.
Remember Remember, The fifth of November.
The things you shouldn't have said...
Taught here, now I'm dead. Welcome.
Gasping for breath that wasn't there...
Mushrooms, subsistence/poison. Eat at peril. 
Don't ever take her for granted. 
You what? What log? WHAT FIRE!?
I can't stand being around you.
Linda wept; the vote was unanimous. 
I was standing there, beside myself.
Weapons Found Near Four Costumed Turtles
Her hand brushed softly against his.
"I love you." I threw up.
Honestly? I don't love you anymore.
Blue eyes, red hair, grey heart
It's not yours... I'm so sorry.
I'm eighteen today. Older. Responsibilities? Damn.
"They can't listen to us anymore."
"See you soon." "No, you won't."
I am you, are you me?
The ceiling is leaking you idiot!
Life couldn't be any, more, pessimistic.
A teddybear, alone, among the rubble.
Through the pain and the despair
A drunken stupor; a childs innocence.
Breathing deeply, they prepared to jump
Ghosts aren't real, she told herself.
If you call, I'll hang up.
Drowning far below the gloomy sky
Deaf couple at the park, kissing. 
Silver key found, to unknown lock
Thunder rumbling above, he struggled on.
The guilt is just insane doctor!
Damned pestilence. We will all die.
Two children died, The driver lived.
His femur nearly snapped in half!
I think I love you too.
Six word stories from famous people
Six word stories from famous authors
Calvin and Hobbes. Best friends forever.
Screeching hawk. "Look, Mom!" "I'm busy."
Hate is a strong word officer.
The genie said no resurrections.  Fuck.
Unpaid debts, cement shoes, ocean floor.
One king, two heirs: Siamese twins.
Same thing, every day. "Beatbox, Grandma!"
Pleasant surprise.  Arrives in 9 months.
Miles above alien atmosphere. Parachutes useless.
Bar Fight. Need Stitches. No Insurance.
Just found this subreddit. Suddenly depressed.
My first mistake was being born.
Nevertheless, he quit wearing his ring
One wish? I want her back.
The witness is a mute, fortunately.
The doctor said I'd live . . . Fuck.
The doctor said I'd live. Fuck.
Party in space?! Better plan it.
Cyanide coffee, still better than yours.
Killed a big man. Dug a big grave.
Smoke rises. Lead and man fall.
Confirmed: Evidence falsified. Continuing invasion regardless.
Everything is pointless, but i am.
Your spine was unlike a book's.
Six word stories are difficult to-
The homeless man asks for change.
The bartender cut dad off, finally.
Beneath it all he was only human.
All she heard next was silence.
Inject drugs. Be still my heart.
The bed seems twice as big now.
Orangered. Posting replies. No sleep tonight.
His eye glittered in the gloom.
Too many six word stories today.
Please, no! He tightens the gag.
Columbus did not discover North America.
Admitted. Surgery tomorrow if she survives.
Event: Birthday. Recurring: Yearly. Ends: Never.
Vote up if this violates rules.
Birth. Death. The rest is filler.
Thought about flying, thought about falling
Annakin, you were supposed tobethe one. 
You're a lover, so love me. 
The bear stooped to eat him.
Cunning Deciever; Dissipating thoughts cycle endlessly...
I awoke to a world afire.
He fell, and then stopped, dead.
I counted to three: one, two--
I know I'm going to hell. At least this way you'll go with me.
We all could die right now. 
What has happened to this place?!
No love lost; no love found.
Find relevant wikipedia page. Share Wealth!
Starving grad student now is not.
Missing wedding ring; found, never lost.
Power corrupts. We vote by guillotine.
Left for dead; he never came.
Kiss the bride? What? Who me?
Forget it - table for one, please. 
Ugh, too lazy to get up
Mars One here. They're all dead.
She called it her sparkle box
But I can't find our heat signature.
God? Silence. Gun falls to floor.
It might hurt some at first. 
Everything I say is a lie.
Burn house. Friends throwing surprise party.
Maybe I'll reddit before I study.
Texas Rangers pwned those pussy Cardinals
They whisper nightly, "Wwe're not here."
Before he could speak, she died.
Will this get the most upvotes?
Similar stories in adjacent posts. Coincidence?
Ben and Jerry offer cold comfort.
Tailored suit.  Perfect resume.  Crooked smile.
For his birthday she bought McDonalds
She left. I wept. Never again.
"We're finally alone," said his sister.
Write six word story.  Challenge accepted.
Denny Crane... mad cow disease...   ...   KHAAAAAAAAAAAAN!
One day, it was the end.
Thirteen point seven billion years ago.
What is lost, was once loved.
Dying is easier than I thought.
It's funny how much I cared.
Bear attack! Josh screams, day saved.
How do you do this? Oh!
We aren't alone. We are observed.
Mom's funeral was early - he overslept
Woke to find my hand missing.
Daddy likes to cuddle. Hold still.
Woke to found my hand missing.
I didn't know; I found out.
Discovered new Subreddit!  Interest dissipates quickly.
Too long; Didn't read: Short Stories
-Grace, good girl, good meal. -Fish.
Conquered fear today. Found dead tomorrow.
As she ran, regret walked behind.
Is the world strange? Am I?
Her imprint still remains on everything.
He yelled, "THEY TOOK OUR JERBS!"
Success! Now who can I tell?
World be ready, AlmightyTurtleman incoming. Unexpected. 
Its been five years, still melancholic.
The buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo
With a sigh, he gives up.
With extensive deliberation, Bernadette chooses death.
Father, Husband, Soldier.  Rest in Peace.
What wine pairs with bitter almonds?
What wine pairs with bitter almonds?
She is better than the rest. 
I know what Jury Nullification is.
Anal lube is awesome on burns.
This is dedicated to the original.
Earthquake came, subsided. Mariko... still shaking.
Monster bear sharks attacked; humans extinct.
She's gone. I still love her.
They kissed, left. Never met again.
"Don't make me come in there!"
I should cut the red wire.
Left jab, right hook,  champion ALI
*Another* corpse? What a long day.
Sudan continues to BRITNEY LOSES BABY!
Content, he smiled, and passed away.
Before reddit, I was pretty bored.  
This parking lot was beautiful once.
I promise to never rape again.
I forgot you. Please forgive me.
She said "I do".  She lied.
I hate God for not existing.
If only I weren't a coward...
I loved her when she died.
I'm browsing Reddit. No sleep tonight...
Our arms touched; she instantly recoiled.
Our arms touched; it felt electric
"We must take a stand--tomorrow..."
At least he smelled good today.
I am always falling short.
"I'm an atheist".

"No."

"No?"

"No."
Does anyone else smell burning denim?
Too much drama. But that ass...
This key saves us ... oh shit.
He's going to leave me again.
You feel disbelief? No such thing.
Truck died, a hooker helped me.
Nighttime vigilantism means waking up alone.
Nighttime vigilantism means waking up alone.
Nighttime vigilantism means waking up alone.
She pleaded no. I did anyway.
Barren teacher fails student--repeating year.
Spiders??? Shit shit shit shit SHIIIT!!!
Take that pistol. I'll get Cisco.
I didn't mean I *loved* you.
She said she wouldn't; she did.
she said she liked the ocean. 
I'm just trying to be happy.
Clearly we're not here for karma.
I'd love to! (Fuck... Can't dance)
In the beginning, all was good.
Found: Teddy Bear (fell from sky)
I was trying to protect you.
Post your favorite extract from a book that would qualify as a "six word story"!
Unemployment expired.  Will work for food.
Enjoyable, but accidental. Still arson, maybe?
Sought life and found a bother.
She wished she could die today.
She wished she could die today.
We are not your parents, John...
She ran, but I ran faster.
That's it? We only get Six?
Our sweaty, nocturnal relationship reached sunrise. 
All he said was six words...
He's never asked permission since then.
He flinched. The floor's tiles grinned.
His holy brother burned as ordered.
Saying "no" was also a possibility.
Three Six Word Stories Become One:
Death, a race with no winner.
Attempting to Fail, And I Succeeded. 
Four guys.  One pool.  No homo.
Stuck it in some strange. Gonorrhoea. 
Know that I never meant harm.
She was always there. But now...
I'm sorry, the child isn't yours.
Dreaming within a dream is awesome!!
Then I awoke from dream again!
Her shoes always fit me better.
To follow is to never lead
Her mouth slowly encircled... WAKE UP!!!!!
Gloom everywhere on this little planet.
Mister Krabs, I have an idea!
Who are these guys you date?
Could be a twelve word story...
parties aren't parties without red cups
"When?" Why not do it now?
Cyanide capsule.  Directions: "If Bachmann wins..."
He fired. Her laughing stopped. Finally.
'You'll never do it,' she laughed
Dinosaurs return, were hiding on Moon
You are all really bad writers.
Confirmed losses crested our glorious wave!
Kirby ate an anorexic. Now what?
in time. Learned to travel back
When are you coming home, Dad?
Fight. Fight like your life matters.
Tears fell.  Her heart restored, living.  
Zombies ate my neighbors. Good riddance.
Time became both weapon and foe.
He would've hated himself for that.
She waited. He came. He came.
The waking man cursed his alarm.
Snow falling stops his brain decomposition.
The cave's mouth gaped at him.
I'll tweet you a pic. SHIT!
Pouring golf balls? No. I farted. 
"Great. Where's my dick gone, now?"
Her hateful eyes darkened the shadows. 
"Dude, hold my beer, watch this."
"Did you feel that?", she whispered.
"Shit!" I shouted, then I tripped.
'..Berries..Wolfgang's mother.. ABSTAIN. My Love..'
He looked closer. Could it be?
"Like father, like son," she moaned.
62, spending millions stolen at 23.
Her "Too late" boarded later trains.  
Waffle iron lied broken between us.
Rules.  False Constructs.  Cannot be broken.
Angels never get evening lonely sickness. 
"Goodbye" she said, closing the coffin.
He faced the world, now blind.
NEWSFLASH! Today's top stories make trilogy!
62, spending millions stollen at 23.
Acquire. It's all matter ever did.
The bastard was finally dead... enough.
she'll share her lollipop with anyone
"Test results: positive. I'm so sorry."
Damn. Left my zombie fortress unlocked. 
She even took all my silverware
You can barely taste the urine.
And she sang while she fell.
The villager glared. His mustache twitched.
It did not hurt that bad.
The van door slammed behind Joey
Sandra's meat was saltier than Maria's
Funeral procession, one hearse, no followers
Eventually, Zippy would have died anyway.
Wedge's luck held out yet again.
Mistakenly hearing laughter, he laughed too.
[edited] Amid her murderer's blood, he puked.
Amid her murder's blood, he puked.
Found: Wedding rings, tux, at airport
"Why bother?", he asked no one.
Dad said mom's not dead anymore.
Expanding darkness had outpaced the light.
The radio made static no more.
Dispassionately she pulled the zipper closed.
Blogger Paulo Coelho posts same "six word story" challenge to his readers 1 day after I revived this subreddit - coincidence? redditor? No matter - check out the 350+ stories in his article's comments!
I'm not not gonna let go!
You were wrong, and I'm sorry.
Found rotten peanut.  Ate it anyway.
I accidentally pressed the red button.
Round five of Russian roulette... &lt;click&gt;.
Doctor?  Why is our baby black?
Chopper sighed. "Balls again," he thought. 
Dying, 72 virgins sound like hell.
Or, she joins me in India.
Dispassionately, she pulled the zipper closed.
Can I go home now, Poseidon?
Old Man now sleeps forever smiling
Old Man now sleeps forever smiling
In the end, we all die.
Old man now sleeps forever smiling
Fickle flame, her love burned me.
Daft Punk. Harder, better, faster, stronger.
Fuck you, Poseidon! I won't pray!
Dispassionately, she pulled the zipper closed.
It's in the house, watching you.
My balls itch like the dickens. 
Last one left.  Please send help.
I had fingers once. Too crunchy.
Everything was perfect, even the moon.
Baby shoes for sale. Never worn.
His last words were, "... wrong target."
I saw her alone, without hope.
Why love what I can't have?
A blue box? Adventure is Afoot!
I'm leaving. Come with me. Please.
They came, they fought. None left.
Everything and nothing--together at last.
All I do is smoke weed.
She said she was eighteen, FML.
Thought so. Just had to know.
He loved her because she couldn't.
She bagged the baby, another failure
He made them, now he destroyed
I can not count properly
Humans, do not attempt to resist
Vidi, Vici, Veni
I saw, I conquered, I Came
Hot date tonight, with my hand
can not sleep, clowns will eat
Decisions, my life or my wife's.
Cornflakes, cornflakes, cornflakes.  Cornflakes, cornflakes...  Cornflakes.
Curing the Great Sickness created zombies.
Winter long. Hope fled. We cannot.
Adopted children make excellent meals.
Wrote my own dirge; Forever Alone.
To the stars, or die alone.
To the stars, or die alone.
They came, they conquered, nothing left.
Lettuce, tomato, meat, cheese, midnight insomnia.
the atmosphere is unbreathable, too acidic
Slumped prisoner shaking, subdued, port drained
Lost: Talking Car, answers to Turbo

Once upon a time, the end
Near destruction, will we only change.
Only me and God left, now.
Adrift, Homo sapiens dies with me.
I had fingers once.  Too crunchy.
Go fuck yourself. It's too much.
Dick sore, limping home alone again
Wired 14.11: "Very Short Stories"
