, , , , , Chameleon
A mask mandate isnt a law, its when two men go together to a Halloween costume party.
There once was a king who was only 12 inches tall, he was a terrible king but he was a great ruler.
Scientists closer to understanding irony
Machines for removing space debris from orbit are vacuum cleaners.
I hate being Bi-polar, its awesome.!
I may have Alzheimers, but at least I dont have Alzheimers.
Never misgender a steam engine. Its trains-phobic.
Before I was conceived, god gave me a choice between having a huge prick or a perfect memory: I forget which option I chose.
Your penis needs a microscope, my penis needs a telescope.
What do you say to the gods of procrastination? Not today!
Fun fact: theyre more planes under water than submarines in the sky.
My moms sister didnt want to pay what she owed, so I told her to ante up.
Don't buy silk from a sow's ear salesman.
Whoever gave 110 percent lied when they gave 100.
If you are into women, that's a nice threesome.
Im an optimist, my best friend is an alcoholic; weve agreed that every hour is happy hour.
If a girl wants your opinion, she wants you to agree with her
I once saw a prostitute standing on the corner saying "one, two, three, four" and said to myself "hey, it's the Thot that counts".
The only time Im someones type is when Im donating blood.
Never trust a proctologist who has a semicolon in their letterhead.
I am never alone, I talk to myself all the time.
I just fomogulated a new word
never blame someone else for the road youre on, thats your own asphalt.
Between You and I, JKLMNOPQRST.
I'm so quick I'm even fast asleep.
My flat earth society is the best one on the globe
The magician turned into a driveway
I try to be very specific with my choice of words, broadly speaking
I ghosted that Halloween party.
Im done wearing my glasses, Ive seen enough.
These torpedoes will make anything but the kitchen sink.
If sex is a pain in the ass, then you're doing it wrong ...
My ex was my life, she literally fucked everyone
I was munching on some goldfish but then the Petco people kicked me out.
people say im rotten but im a fungi
You know what they say.
Why did they make dyslexia such a difficult word to spell?
I wanted to tell the girl scout that your cookies contribute to obesity, but what came out was, two samosas please.
I know how to make my penis 12 inches long, I just fold it in half.
I, Doctor Lockwood, have discovered an illness that causes narcissism, which I have named Lockwood Disease.
I know you don't have a walk-in freezer, but it'd be cooler if you did.
To be abundantly clear, I'm changing the water in my fish tank.
i thought you were someone else, "i am someone else"
Without using words, hire an attorney to describe your sexual fantasies in three or more lawsuits.
I wonder if British chemists say "The Colonies of Matter"
I can hold my breath for the rest of my life.
If my grandma knew how much we spent on her funeral, she would be spinning in her ditch.
Nitrous oxide is no laughing matter.oh yes it is
Look, I cant remember a single time when I forgot something.
Be the change that you need in order to get none back.
Starting a roofing business that offers free estimates. They're on the house
I've got 12 inches, but I don't use it as a rule.
Why does broken glass taste like blood?
Broken glass tastes like blood.
Why does broken glass tactieken blood?
Yer old when .....
When he got his big chance Elvis opened across the street.
My mistress wasnt crazy about the abacus I gifted her but its the thot that counts.
I wasnt crazy about the abacus my mistress gifted me but its the thot that counts.
What if the original 13 colonies succeeded from the U.S. and sent a declaration of dependence to the U.K.?
It might not be 12 inches, but it smells like a foot.
If I had a dollar for every girl that said I was attractive, I'd still be flat broke.
I got kicked out of the Flat Earth Society for saying this was the best club on the globe. 
Id like to host a group masturbation session, just to thank everyone for coming.
Every time I rebuild my crumbled feelings, you come again and make sure they can't carry even their own weight.
there are only 3 types of people in the world, those who can count and those that can't
Im thinking of opening a Jeffrey Dahmer themed restaurant and cant decide if using Eat Kids Free or Bring the Family is better for a tag line
I almost got fired from the rubber band factory when my boss snapped.
Wouldn't a psychic dwarf who's on the run from the law be called a small medium at large?
Wouldn't a library filled with all non-fiction books be called a truth-brary?
I cant go man, my wife and girlfriend will be there.
Of all the things Ive lost in life, I missed my mind the most!
If Ted does Ted Talks, what does Bo do?
Who called them silk boxers and not ball gowns?
Please stop making gay jokes, come on guys.
My fear of complicated buildings is a complex complex complex.
An extraordinarily rare conditions in which a person cannot feel and has never felt physical pain is nonsense.
The number of Spanish words I know, has officially been raised to uno.
She said she likes big dicks, so I just became one.
run along now tortoise
I wrote the book on using metaphors.
Spacesex ... because in space no one can hear you scream! :P
The phrase "hurry up and wait" gives the mistaken impression that it's not mostly wait.
Hard work, dedication, and beating your competitors to the patent office give you the right to call your innovation all your own.
Just clicked on restart instead of shut down, WHY they're so closee
I for one, like Roman numerals.
Thank you for explaining the word many to me, it means a lot.
The reddit age is actually the time you have wasted in real-time.
I will write in one line, because my enter key is broken
I lost my perspective a million years ago
Sciatica is a pain in the ass
I'm an outdoors type, once a woman mentions commitment, I am out the door!
I told someone that I fear I'm not unique. They said "I had that exact same thought."
Heres a mind readers joke.
I grew up living paycheck to paycheck, but through hard work and perseverance I know live direct deposit to direct deposit.
I hate it when people mispel words
I dropped a bar of gold on my foot. Au! That hurt.
Sir Gin was the finest doctor in Camelot, who knew how to treat every M'lady.
Sir Gin knew how to treat every M'lady.
Most dyslexics in Alaska live their lives in denali.
I hate when people exaggerate. I hear it a million times a day.
I don't get transphobia, it's not like we're trying to kill your livelihood.
How do baseball players manage to walk with four balls.
There is hole in the wall at the nudist colony. Don't worry, I am looking into it.
The word "analysis" comes from the root word *anal* and the Greek *ysis* which means "to pull numbers from"
Imagine hanging out with Aesop, that guy probably never shut the hell up.
If Lady Gaga was born that way, her mother's vagina must still hurt.
Anyone that thinks Evian has no anagram is very naive.
They say to be successful you need to give 100% to everything you do, was that a mistake when I went to donate blood!
In life always give 100% to everything you do, except donating blood.
Please tell my dog to stop playing tug of war with my underwear....while I am sitting on the toilet.
My dog ate my game of Scrabble, his next poop could spell trouble.
I bought an ant farm and those tiny fuckers didn't grow shit!
We didn't know which one of the dogs swallowed my ring, but we found it through process of elimination.
In the Harry Potter novels a pensieve...hold that thought, I just got a text.
I have a fetish for figuring things out, I just came to that realization.
Not ending a sentence is like
Edam is the only cheese that is made backwards.
if you wear glasses, your life is pay-per-view
You think being a bad motherfucker is badass, try being a bad grandmotherfucker.
Cash that has been inside of a strippers... shall I say, "G-string," has to be reported as gross income.
I once played the violin and apparently, I'm really good at it because it made everyone cry.
Lazy waiters don't bother me.
Any carpet is shag carpeting if you have sex on it.
The only power magic has is to make the story better
My signature sex move is running from the police.
If there's normal type Pokemon does that mean the others are abnormal?
I have been told I am uniquely qualified to idiot test software
Well I'm an idiot
Why do we Drive on a parkway and park in a Driveway
Why do we Drive on a parkway and park on driveway
is not in my vocabulary.
Authority will always resort to violence if ignored.
If a castle is downgraded to a Fort is it De-moated
Don't mess with me or else run away
Aahh.....now I know why people from the Netherlands are tall
Science flies you to the moon, but religion you into skyscrapers.
In England, "booster shot" is spelled "borchestershire shot".
If you turn over a canoe you can wear it as a hat because it's cap sized...
Man or woman, taking a bra off is likely to be one of the high points of your day.
be weird if Michael B. Jordan didn't have a middle name
Change my mind, beds are wireless charger for humans
Boxer shorts were the original manhole covers.
I can kill a man with one finger...and a gun
If your uncle Jack asked you to help him off a horse, would you help your uncle Jack off a horse?
Don't mess with me, I know judo, karate, jujitsu, taikwando and many other very dangerous words.
Newcastle United flogged by Mike Ashley, Steve Bruce to be flogged by new owners.
I got fired from the library for putting the womens rights book in the fantasy section
Gigolo's work hard.
Time flies by when somebody is throwing spices at you.
Golf is the only sport where the purpose of the game to to play less of it.
Not to brag, but my tongues the size of an average penis.
Novice bodybuilders get a lot of bad rep.
To quote the greatest silent film of all time, .
If there was a spa next to the lake where they found the monster, it would have been the monster of Wellness
Instead of calling them class hoes, we should call them social slutties.
If your parachute fails, then you have the rest of your life to fix it.
If i ever become a cannibal, i will need somebody to lend me a hand.
A Mandate is not a law. A mandate is when two or more dudes go out to lunch or dinner!
If you are having a skydiving problem, you have the rest of your life to figure it out
My new whiteboard is remarkable
I cant do anything write!
I wasnt really interested in watching the world Vacuum Cleaning Championship but I got sucked in.
If at first you dont succeed, skydiving is not for you.
If Facebook doesn't get back soon. I may have some friends
I realized that a suit made entirely of mirrors was not a good idea once I had time to sit down and reflect.
I've asked my girlfriend to polish my medieval battle uniform while I go to the pub. She always said she wanted a night in, shining armour!
Theres a new TV show on tonight about origami. Its paper view.
Someone told me you could watch a solar eclipse through a colander. I tried but ended up straining my eyes.
Is this a rugby match or the world's easiest limbo competition?
Making up words is illexical.
What's your favorite simile?!
I sat outside while my wife was singing so my neighbours don't think I'm abusing her
The prisoners paved the road with con-crete.
According to a recent study, excessive search engine usage is linked to many other websites
If Facebook doesn't get back up soon, I might end up vaccinated.
I invented the cold air balloon but it never really took off.
People are shocked when I tell them I'm not an electrician.
My neighbor has a taser. Man is she stunning
I got a dog from a locksmith and it made a bolt for the door
Deep sea creatures are the lowest forms of life.
As a cannibal, I eat haters for breakfast.
"I'm a homosexual necrophiliac," said Tom in dead Ernest.
"I'm a homosexual necroohiliac," said Tom in dead Ernest.
Did you hear about the perverted dyslexic that was turned on by the nicest porn?
My skiing ability is going downhill fast.
The last time I burned calories caused me to have an arson record.
12 years of education and I never passed in my language exam.
When life gives you melons, you're probably dyslexic.
My Tight End Ertz When Eifert
I went to Chipotle and now my tight end ertz
Winnie the Poohs last name is Peter.
I got a 42 in Cosmology.
Two ants were sitting on a toilet seat until one got pissed off.
Recently saw a sign that "Chicken strips, $1" and I thought to myself "I didn't think they even wore clothes."
are waves on the beaches `tan` waves? *haha* geddit?
My motherboard always said I was a cache
My ex was an angel; always up in the air harping about something.
When I sell someone's treasured heirloom at my auction house it means a lot to me
The wizard of oz can be a more realistic film if they have the cowardly lion a bottle of Jack Daniels, aka liquid courage.
A trophy is the award you give someone who hasn't moved a muscle in over a year.
When I park, it means a lot to me
99 percent of lawyers... give the rest a bad name
There is a coin shortage in America we are running out of common cents.
I saw a bunch of ants carrying around a potato chip this morning and it made me wish I had a bunch of friends and a really huge potato chip.
My new inflatable house got a puncture last night so now I'm living in a flat
In a gentle way, a fart can shake you.
I have a pen that can write underwater and other words too.
Once amber heard refused to go into a pool because it was very Depp
100% of people like faked statistics.
People like hedgehogs but i think theyre a bunch of pricks
I wouldt mess with Kelvin hes an absolute unit.
It takes many nails to build a crib, but just one screw to fill it.
Waking up is the second hardest thing in the morning
I speak lesbian, sorry I mean Gaelic.
Played poker with tarot cards, got a full house and 3 people died.
It's good that NFL farm teams clothe their players properly with the 1st overall draft pick.
After sight, smell, sound, taste and touch, being able to be annoyed by a slight disturbance must be a new sense.
I can teach a cat to do anything it wants to do.
A zen Buddhist walks up to a hot dog stand, and says, make me one with everything.
So a baby seal walk into a club
I just got a new job at a fire hydrant factory; the pay is great but theres no place to park.
The first guy to build a window mustve been like man.. that was a pane.
An auto-flush toilet went off while I was still sitting on it. It scared the shit out of me.
why is it only one company can make the game Monopoly
Reach for the stars said Harvey Weinstein
I was overjoyed when I bought an obsolete holiday home from the caravan park - ex-static
Feline nightwear really are the cats pyjamas
Just realized the letter B has boobs.
His finances are more underwater than a Ted Kennedy Date.
The only way he could pass the buck more was to just eat dollar bills.
I wouldt mess with Kelvin hes an absolute unit.
For years thought I liked button because my friends would say, Youre an ass man.
I'm great at multitasking. I can waste time, be unproductive, and procrastinate all at once.
It takes a lot of guts to be an organ donor.
cleaning mirror's is a job I can see myself doing
Give a man a fire and hes warm for a day, set a man on fire and hes warm for the rest of his life.
I always thought a one-liner was slang for really good cocaine.
I wouldnt mess with Kelvin hes an absolute unit
How do you write Do Not Touch in braille?
For the record, i bought a vinyl cleaning kit
If I had to guess, I'd say I was forming an opinion without all the facts
Why dose my dog run barking to the door when the doorbell rings,its never anybody for him
People like hedgehogs but I think they're a bunch of pricks
I wouldn't mess with Kelvin he's an absolute unit
I wouldn't mess with Kelvin he's an absolute unit
My gay friend had premature ejaculation , so it wasn't long before he came out .
You can actually eat any mushrooms you want for the rest of your life.
I'm starting a magazine about the benefits of using imodium, first issue comes with a ring binder...
The other day I did a survey on how drunk people get home from the pub. The results were staggering.
If you compare ass and group sex, then that would be a good Analorgy.
My girlfriend is a real fox. She sneaks out at night and eats out of the bins.
R Kelly takes the art out of "rap artist".
My girlfriend broke up with because Im overweight with bad posture, but Im doing my best to keep my chins up.
Did you hear about the woman that backed into the spinning airplane propeller? Disaster.
I was fired from my job as a courtroom artist for being sketchy.
I was raised as an only child,which annoyed my sister
i wouldnt mess with -283 degrees celsius its an absolute unit
My girlfriend said I smell, I said "of course I do, it's one of my 5 senses."
Unfortunately, the Chinese restaurant was all out of fortune cookies.
I got a clit ring from the dollar store. Its pubic zirconia. (bazinga)
I got a clit ring from Dollar General. Its pubic zirconia. (bazinga)
Batman become a catholic,and then the moved to the...batican
I paid for a bungee jump by check and it bounced.
Statisticaly 1 person in 5 on the planet is Chinese so between me and my 4 brothers Dave,Ray,Steve and Chaoxiang my money's on Ray.
My fetish for obeying the vehicle code means that I always come to a complete stop.
Don't worry, Dad, I can take care of that! (I just need your credit card)
My relationship with my dad is a bit like you and your credit card... Contactless
I bought a wig for a dollar, it was a small price toupee.
Nice to see reincarnation is making a comeback
My credit card got stolen, but it worked out great because they actually spent less than me.
I quit my job at the shape factory because they kept cutting corners.
Is solipsism absurd or is it just me?
(To my math teacher): Im not a therapist, math can solve its own problems!
They wouldnt hire me as a stripper because I couldnt pull off the costumes.
"The Greek alphabet is hard to learn," my friend said, psi-ing.
I am anti-waxer, I like my bush nice and big
Last year, I went to one of those hip ice bars with a fever, sat down, and then had a liquid stool.
Using it to much kills a vibe.
I saw The Last Temptation of Christ before I saw the first one.
ZZ Top is only Z Top now.
Indian food has entered the chaat.
Most amateur porn actresses are just not up to snuff.
People with explosive diarrhea never have their shit together.
My wife said she wanted a dog and I said I didn't, so we compromised and got a dog.
I skinned my knee during Thanksgiving dinner, but my family said they preferred turkey.
Anti vaxxers should be shot.
Fuck hoes bust with bros
Rappers in the 80s wore huge clocks around their necks to show that theyre big time.
I pity anyone who wants me to.
Hoover only accepts returns for products that don't suck.
All professional fire-eaters must have 3rd degree heart burn.
There's a new movie called Constipation. It hasn't come out yet but, I've heard it's not crappy at all.
Short sentences annoy me.
Oneliner? I hardly know her!
You shouldn't play poker in a mental institution because nobody in there is playing with a full deck.
The only reason to vote for a Democrat is if youre tired of winning. - President Donald J Trump
Theres no I in team, but there is an ME in that motherfucker.
Writing a book on grease and lubricants, it's non friction
Massage students often rub me the wrong way
By show of hands, what year were you born?
One thing I cant deal with is a deck of cards glued together 
Autopsy club meeting tonight; open mike night.
To be safe on the highway, you should always drive 90 MPH, thus minimizing time spent on those dangerous roads.
A policeman knocked on my door the other day. He said Im afraid it looks as though your wife has been in a car accident. I said I know, but shes great with the kids. 
When my friends grandpa died, he got a big inheritance. When my grandpa died, all I got was sad.
My friend asked me what I did when I was young. I said without.
I hated my late wife so much that after she died in a car accident, I kept in touch with the lamppost.
I told him to be himself; that was pretty mean, I guess.
My tires were tired so I re-tired my car and retired my tires.
Recently watched porno with young couples on a farm called Barley Legal
For waterfowl in flight, a squak is nature's tern signal.
To whoever stole my over sized clock, you owe me big time.
I drove here instead of riding my bike because it was two tired.
I've always made it a point to not be dull.
Why do people bother to write "A picture is worth a thousand words" when they could just draw 0.7% of a picture?
What kind of beans does a priest eat ? Frijoles
Breaking News: A man swallowed by a whale managed to escape by running to the other end until he was all pooped out.
I can't stand sitting
To the person who stole my place in the queue, Im after you now.
I now mispronounce you, mane and weef.
If I've inherited anything from my parents, it's my mum's hairy back and my dad's terrible taste in women.
Viking funerals are flamboyant.
we would like to apologise but calls to the national stammer help line are taking longer then normal
you only need a parachute to sky dive twice
I wish I was good enough to have Imposter Syndrome.
Its hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.
Yesterday was the 21st night of September and I didnt even remember
Heard of the new polio yoga? Brace yourself.
My Late-Uncle was a Fire Eater, for one show.
My understanding of Parkinsons is a bit shaky.
If you roll your tongue and touch your tongue, does that mean youre frenching yourself?
I had FOMO that i didnt know what FOMO was
If the roads were like butter there wouldn't be a jam
Wow
Windows showed me a lock screen with a windmill on it, so I clicked "Not a fan".
I, for one, am a roman numeral.
Hey fuck you motherfucker.
There should be a town in Maryland named doogie howser.
I was overjoyed when I bought an obsolete holiday home from the caravan park - ex-static
Firing a priest is sack-religious!
Im only attracted to strong intelligent females around my own age, and any females younger than that.
My boyfriend is a wombat- he eats, roots, shoots and leaves...
How does a PC FREEZE when it OVERHEATS ???
Did you hear about the Magic Tractor that went down the road, then turned into a field?
Dogs can't take x rays but cats can
Just before my father died, his doctor told him to cover himself with lard. After that, he went downhill fast...
Blind beavers cant see a dam thing.
Two arguing gnats were sitting on a toilet seat until one got pissed off.
When my wife was pregnant I thought I was having sympathy pains, Until I farted
200 policemen searched the woods for 3 hours but found no evidence, they then sent a policewoman in to look properly
Working for an armored truck company really Brinks out the best in me.
Would a burglar who dressed as a dead singer/song-writer who played guitar be a Prince of thieves or a Petty criminal?
Maybe soy milk is just regular milk introducing itself in Spanish...
What if soy milk was just regular milk introducing itself in Spanish?
Being a necromancer is hard work; they deserve a raise.
All these vampires hiding in the shadows suck and can bite me.
I thought glueing a piranah fish to a boomerang was a good idea but it came back to bite me
A vanilla soy latte is a three bean soup.
I told my wife she drew her eyebrows on too high and she looked surprised.
Yall do too much when nobody needs anything!
In China, CCTV is synonymous with state television.
Edward Scissorhands &gt; Edward Paperhands &gt; Edward Rockhands
I used to addicted to the Hokey cokey but I turned myself around
You couldn't poor piss out of a boot with instructions written on the heel.
Planets are so cheap they're next to nothing.
My mother says im a really good kisser
There's only two things in this world that really matter: mass and density.
Statistically, the best day of the week to get lucky is Twos-Day.
Stay positive, unless you have Covid
Everyone asks why are you gay, but never how are you, gay
I prefer missionary sex because its always a religious experience
Everyone asks why are you gay but never how are you, gay
Everyone asks why are you gay but never how are you, gay
Im going to start an animal welfare nonprofit and call it B I NGO.
which Honda comes of its own accord?
I got a job at Zippo because I wanted a lighter workload.
My neighbors love it when I sing karaoke they threw a brick through my window just so they could hear it better!
Going by the naming convention, it's a good thing the Aus-UK-US defence pact referred to as Aukus wasn't between France, the UK and the US.
I spotted an albino Dalmatian today which was the least I could do.
Everyone thinks the watch I bought in Jerusalem is fake but I keep telling them Israel.
2 women sitting quietly on a park bench.
Despite the high cost of living, it still remains popular.
Zombies. If you cant beat em, join em.
Modesty is just one of my many, many great attributes
My dad is so cheap, that the last time he got any money out of a wallet, he was arrested, since it wasnt his wallet.
After much hard work, I am ripped. I mean, my pants are ripped. I am not.
I was wondering why the frisbee was getting bigger, then it hit me.
By the time you get to the end of this sentence you will realize it was ultimately pointless.
So I heard about something the other day.
In my business, designing Jamaican furniture is at dcor of what we do.
I was blown away by how good the bomb maker was.
I know of a four-year-old who has been learning Spanish all year but still cant say "please, "which I think is poor for four.
Tried to delay buying robo call apps but my decision was preponed.
I mean, you offer someone a thoughtful compliment on their mustache, and suddenly she's not your friend anymore.
I stayed up all night wondering where the Sun went, then it dawned on me.
Triangles are A-holes.
I married a welders daughter, she's got acetylene tits.
I just heard about the Baader-Meinhof phenomenon and I swear to god I'm seeing it everywhere now
After enjoying a delicious bean dinner, a pregnant lady might experience post-fartum depression.
Ive got to get a handle on my liquor collection.
Your mom jokes do not work in India, cuz in India women don't work
What if Stephen Hawking was the real Slim Shady, but he just couldnt stand up?
If Donald Trump dies do you suppose his cultists will donate to his resurrection campaign?
I feel bad for doctors.
If you know a girl with 3.3 feet I'd like to meter
The future, the present and the past walked into a bar. Things got a little tense.
A man who behaves like an ass will be the butt of many jokes
I expected to see more of Zelda when I started playing that game, but all I could do was b link.
TIL: Pumpkin Spice is what they add to coffee in autumn, it's not the chubby Spice Girl.
Ghosts don't haunt juice bars because they don't serve spirits.
There's a skin blemish who's a regular in the front rows at our theatre, he's a stall wart.
A mormon friend has just given me a present, I said "Is that from you? ta."
I was overjoyed when I bought an obsolete holiday home from the caravan park - ex-static
On my gravestone I want: "Finally gave up passive smoking".
Knowing sign language is pretty damn handy!
Necromancy has been done to death
I mean, he texted fuck so much his iPhone actually added it as a word.
An interesting title
Hey Cutie Is Your Name Sucide......... Cuz I Think About You Everday
The first Pap smear occurred when a southern grandfather was run over by a steam roller.
If there's two things I hate it's people who are intolerant to other people's cultures and a Dutch.
I knew a Iron worker that picked a ten pound booger. His head caved in before he could eat it.
People call me a tight wad, but I'm not buying it.
Sometimes I get the words juggalo and giggalo mixed up and end up paying a clown for sex
Phallophobics just can't stand up for themselves.
Aaron Rodgers future might be in Jeopardy.
'Queen Size' and 'Size Queen' are two completely different things.
I tried to put together a stage play about Sigmund Freud but the actors kept flubbing their lines
A ghost walks into a bar, orders a vodka and the bartender says "We don't serve spirits".
My dream job is to work for a manufacturer of lamps because of the light workload.
A vegan cannibal will have a feast at the Paralympics.
Vertebraes should actually be called Vertebros, because they always got your back.
Forgiveness is a service industry.
From your cats point of view, your child is a kitten hooman.
Ratio of an igloo's circumference to its diameter is Eskimo pi.
Is it weird that my one nipple is bigger than the other 4?
Even with today's high prices you can still find deer nuts just under a buck!
I went to a talk about instant gratification, but it got boring after about thirty seconds so I left.
My hometown is so small, the last one to go to bed turns out the lights.
"Man accused of inverting own body turns himself in"
I tried to catch fog yesterday and mist.
I had a dirty dream about dust bunnies, and they were Playboy dust bunnies so it was extra dirty.
I always clip my fingernails before I go scuba diving.
I always clip my fingernails before I go scuba diving.
Syntax is all the money collected at the church from sinners.
The problem with troubleshooting is that trouble shoots back
People who say they sleep like a baby usually don't have one.
A candidate is a person who gets money from the rich and votes from the poor to protect them from each other.
I had majored in American History and Computer Science, so I know everything from USA to USB.
I feel like 50 cent in a dollar store.
Megan Foxs dress was a weak attempt to gain attention, but I saw through it.
I was gonna throw away my fleshlight but then I said fuck it.
Alice meta lot of odd, fantastic creatures when she slid down the Reddit hole.
I was thinking about being a mechanic, but then I was like screw it.
Expiration dates are spoiler alerts
I took a job at a cemetery, it was a grave mistake. 
If you say "dissociate" thrice into a mirror, a manic pixie girl will appear and tell you you're not really dissociating.
They say tattoos make you look cool so I got the space between my eyebrows tattooed.
All violent incels should be in prison. All violent prisoners should be in cells.
We should make vaccine of Ozzy Osbourne.
I'm pleased to say that I just used some Germ-X and got rid of 99.9% of germs on both my hands and probably got them all back while typing this.
Vicks is just spicy vasoline
Crazy how 9/11 is right before fall starts
I played Bonopoly last night. It's like Monopoly but where the streets have no name.
Have you had to walk 500 miles? Were you advised to walk 500 more? You could be entitled to compensation. Call the Pro-Claimers now!
Better sexy and racy, than sexist and racist.
9/11 jokes are just plane wrong.
Burkas: theyve got you covered
YOU MATTER. Until you multiply yourself times the speed of light squared. Then you Energy.
I'm not good enough to have impostor syndrome
Busted, cracked, crushed, destroyed, fractured, shattered, smashed... Sorry! I'm speaking broken English again.
Dignity and a dime is worth ten cents, that is to say, its priceless.
I hate cleaning so much I have to take sweeping pills.
Guys, being married with children ain't easy, but the key to making it last is to be like Dad and keep Mum.
My horny dog Jack was dry humping my leg so I said: "Jack off!"
A waist of time is what you call a girl with an hourglass figure
A waist of time is what you call a girl with an hourglass figure
Rod Stewart doesn't really like puns, but Maggie May
There was no recovery after the upholstery factory exploded.
You realize The Sims is a financial fantasy game where a 2 story house costs 100 000$ and can be afforded with a working salary
Ironically, mullets likely originated to stop red necks.
My mother-in-law deserves to be treated with respect, just like real human beings!
Those doctors that specialize in Urology will see a steady stream of income
A hacker once told me my real name and my IP, but I already knew those.
Life gave me lemons but I couldnt make lemonade because life never gave me water, sugar or a pitcher.
punched in the face with a chocolate shake
Maybe if "Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader" had been called "Are You Smarter Than a 1st Grader", it wouldn't have gotten cancelled.
I get so many phone notifications that... hang on
Police worked tirelessly to find the criminal who kept steeling all the wheels on their cars.
An exhibitionist comes in a bar
Listen carefully to what I wrote.
Youre incomparable, like a..
Fuck pun jokes.
Took a free course on money management online and it was the best $5000 I've ever spent.
If you carve a pumpkin in September, it's called premature ejackolantern.
He who masturbates , ejaculates .
I take sleeping pills for anxiety, but I always stay awake worrying if I've taken too many.
We all went to a bar tonight to celebrate my friend's 3 years of sobriety.
Im an only child finally!
Dont tell your Spanish speaking grandmother Puta mask on.
I bet Usher has never helped anyone find their seats.
My angry mother never understood the irony of calling me a son of a bitch.
O. Henry and Alanis Morissette had a baby, how ironic.
"Zebras were recently spotted roaming around neighborhoods in Upper Marlboro, Maryland." How can Zebras be spotted?
Neckbeards need to stop lollygagging.
"What exactly did you mean, when you said I smelled funny?", grated out the cheese wheel.
can't spell technology without techno
Ron DeSantis
I've never even heard of wet humor so I assume all humor is dry ann frankly, it just doesn't sound like something you'd want rattling in the old attic.
Sometimes even a blind squirrel orgasms.
BlackWater? More like AfricanAmericanWater.
NSFW - Oral sex is just a big con. Blow jobs are for suckers!
"You are such a good friend that, if we were on a sinking ship together and there was only one life jacket, I'd miss you so much and talk about you fondly to everybody who asked."
Miss Information is a bitch!
Time flies like an arrow, and fruit flies like bananas.
Lance is a very uncommon name nowadays but back in the medieval times, people were called Lance a lot
Time makes the crap grow harder.
Psychic prostitutes really blow my mind
Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend, but inside of one, it's probably too dark to read.
Talk is cheap because supply exceeds demand
In Soviet Russia, bar walks into YOU.
Working in a funeral home is actually a pretty competitive field. People are just dying to get in.
If someone tells you not to listen to them, should you listen to them?
I walked into a sperm bank the other day and someone asked if I cum there often.
Are mashed potatoes just Irish guacamole?
Iceland is in the North Atlantic, its capital city is Reykjavik
Apprenticeships - learner boats.
Me and Mike Tyson? I'd smash his fists in with my face.
Soup is just sauce that's socially acceptable to eat with a spoon.
The theory that Covid started in a laboratory is batty.
Unsuccessful limbo dancers keep raising the bar.
I was overjoyed when I bought an obsolete holiday home from the caravan park - ex-static
The unsuccessful limbo dancers kept raising the bar
The theory that Covid started in a laboratory is batty.
An easy solution to stop being surprised at how old you look in the mirror - shave off your eyebrows.
Sex is like pizza, even when its bad its still pretty good.
I stopped dating an electrician because there was no spark between us.
Sadly, my words caused my neighbour to take offense, which is why I then said 'don't care if you're upset, put my fucking fence back' 'cunt'
Texas
What If hypothetical situations didn't exist?
I have done all I can to support my wifes hobby as a limbo dancer, I have bent over backwards for her
For the host of Dirty jobs, no matter how large your dick is, you'll always have a Mike Rowe penis
I was going to start a Pessimist's Club, but I don't think it'll work out.
I like measuring temperatures, but only to a certain degree.
Razors marketed towards women should be called a beaver cleaver.
I for one dont do drugs, I just drink and have prescriptions which are not drugs.
You can call me chicken, but I can't stop eating meat cold turkey.
I dont really do coke, I just like the way it smells.
I was inches away from the front row speakers at the concert, so I had no choice but to face the music.
Take my advice, I'm not using it.
Five out of six doctors say Russian Roulette is safe.
PSA: After pressure by the left wing and the Women's Global Empowerment Fund, UK's Isle of Man to be renamed Isle of Person
I had aspirations of being in the next Frozen movie, but I had to let it go.
I'm going to make prank calls where I am the victim and tell them, while crying, to stop calling me
In the field of clowning, Bozo was a true pie-on-ear.
Scent is the sense most tied to memory, while "Common" is the sense least tied to people.
Debunking was the reason James Randi got out of bed every morning
When the wife crashed my brand new car, I slapped her so hard across the face she rolled right off the coroner's table.
The coolest place to find scissors is a lesbian brothel.
I snorted Coke once, and it hurt like hell when an ice cube went up my nose.
Can't remember the last time I made love to the wife, but it must be at least three or four stone ago.
I was going to open a shop that sold meat and weed. But the steaks were too high.
At Olive Garden, the waiter asked if I wanted soup or salad? I asked what comes on the Super-salad and how big is it?
My biggest fantasy is a large lake of orange soda.
TODAY'S HEADLINES! Are Gordon Ramsay's
TODAY'S HEADLINES! Are Gordon Ramseys
Cannibalism treatment costs an arm and a leg.
My uncle always said "One in the hand is worth two in the bush." He died a virgin.
I fear I've wasted my life. I spent years and years learning Latin, Spanish, Mandarin, and even Swahili but it turns out I just misheard my uncle when I though he told me "girls love a cunning linguist"
It seems that the primary use of my pinky toe is checking if my furniture is still hard.
Rugby matches are always scrum-ptious
The world is just a pissing contest, but together we could be the shit.
I was just awarded Most Committed Lover by my right hand; my left hand knows nothing about this.
Bad weather. Ida void traveling today if I were you.
I am always lying
Dating a transgenders a whole different ballgame.
I couldnt get into the plot of that porn movie because there were too many holes in it.
I couldnt get into the plot of that porn movie because there were too many holes in it.
Those who say "all men are equal" have surely never been to a nudist beach.
The hedonist in me is such a wanker.
A neutron walks into a bar and asks for a price on a drink. The barkeeper says: "For you... no charge!"
Capitalization is the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse, and helping your uncle jack off a horse.
My cousin said I stole his 4-string. It was a bass-less accusation.
Funny but true the more suicidal people in the world the less suicidal people in the world
I was riding a donkey the other day when someone threw a rock at me and I fell off. I guess I was stoned off my ass.
My horse's weight use to fluctuate a lot until I put him on a stable diet.
A scuttling, disembodied hand - is that a thing?
When I was a young man I woke up stiff, now I just wake up stiff.
Owning an hourglass is telling the world that you like to waste your time therapeutically.
Apparently r/deadbedrooms isn't for necrophiliacs...
I was just awarded Most Committed Lover by my right hand. My left hand knows nothing about this.
My wife and I have reached the difficult decision that we do not want children. If anybody does, please just send me your contact details and we can drop them off tomorrow.
Geology rocks bit geography is where it's at
When petites orgasm, is it termed as a shortcoming?
The hardest thing to throw away is a trash can.
The hardest thing to steal is scissors because you can't run away.
I used to play sports then I found out you can buy trophies and now I'm good at everything.
My computer wouldn't connect to the cloud, so I threw it in the ocean and it's synching now.
Like most men my age, I'm 51.
Women rub their eyes in the morning because they don't have balls to scratch!
The wife's told me she wants a bigger house by next Christmas.. So I've bought her a diet book.
People who fence can make the jump to beekeeping without having to worry about any new wardrobe expenses.
Wisdom is no more than cringing about the past, so why don't give it a try and lick my ass.
Theres me in memes, coz my life is a joke.
If it were up to me, my rhododendron would be 6 feet tall.
I don't get how people always misinterpret me.
Is buttcheeks one word, or should I spread them apart?
No Im not gay, but my boyfriend is.
Theres a company called Kia and a company called Nokia. Im not sure who to believe.
Ivermectin/ketamine, potato/potato.
"Nigga, we gon'be all white" is the best Kendrick Lamar song period.
I asked my American friend about the first time he tried drugs, his response, it was a D.A.R.E
Real cowboys don't roll joints, they tumble weed.
Sea men struggle to come up in their sheep
"Oktoberfest" means it's "OK to beer fest".
I've been meaning to get checked for Alzheimers but I keep forgetting.
People in Florida should really keep an eye out Flor-ida.
That submarine is long, hard, and full of sea men
When it comes to nudist contests, I barely qualify.
Saying that you have a fairytale relationship means a totally different thing if youre talking about your stepmother.
The Institute for Unfinished Research has concluded that 6 out of 10 people
Is it odd that I can't even?
In retrospect, giving Einstein a handjob really was a stroke of genius.
I was going to do stand-up in the Mariana Trench, but it's too much pressure
I never buy Bose or Sony or Pioneer...I just don't like stereo types.
An arrow flies straight, but fruit flies like a ripe banana.
Cooking Asian food is hard wok
I think the scariest part of that song "Born To Be Wild" is when they find a head out on the highway.
The inside of a fire hydrant has H2O while the outside has K9P.
A hole was found in the nudist camp wall, and the police are now looking into it
My dick is a loner, it just doesn't fit in.
Flirting with danger is how you end up in the dang er.
I yelled into a colander and strained my voice.
If I was a teddy, I'd have no feelings for you.
Does anyone else find that cucumber makes them burp a lot.... Or am I just shoving mine up too far?
My kitchen had water overflowing, so I let the problem sink in.
My biggest fear about becoming a zombie is all the walking.
Boomerangs are making a comeback.
BREAKING NEWS: TORNADO HITS CEMETERY, HUNDREDS FOUND DEAD
Im a huge Chris Brown fan, hate his music though.
Working out so much lately, yesterday overheard someone say "What an ass!"
When I have a hammer every problem looks like a snail.
Digging holes is just boring
My wife accused me of wearing her lingerie when she was out, I nearly shit her knickers!
My wife just accused me of stealing her lingerie, I almost shit her knickers!
When I see a shooting star I wish that was Jeff Bezos
Stay alive or die trying
I spent most of the Summer as a trapeze artists, but was recently let go.
Turned wine into vomit last night, your move Jesus
Romantic comedies are often neither.
Three weeks ago I sent my hearing aid for repair and I have heard nothing since.
I can barely lift this bottle of water, it's an Evian.
TIL, the average person consumes 9 alcoholic drinks a week so I am above average.
I just spent 800 on 8 legs of venison which is two deer?
Pretty cool how Chinese people made a language entirely out of tattoos.
Wearing a robe from your home to mailbox tolerable, beyond a mental patient.
The pharmacist asked for my birthdate again today, bet she'll get me something nice.
Technically every celebrity account is OnlyFans account. Only fans follow them.
My handwriting is so bad not even my doctor could read it.
When it comes to elevators, its a choice between the former and ladder.
I keep losing at my football video game. Its Maddening.
Do not touch must be a terrifying thing to read in Braille
My smart toothbrush got hacked and my teeth were encrypted, so I had to pay in Bitecoin.
If you're here for the yodeling lesson, please form an orderly orderly orderly queue.
I will never lead an army, but I have deployed seaman into the navysheets.
Is this chin up bar up for grabs?
It was a cookery book...
Can we ban the talib?
Cane we please ban the talib?
They should call gun shows harmer markets
Imagine a con artist named Dom. Hed be called condom.
I might end sentences abrup
She said little things make her happy but she wasnt really happy when I sent her the picture of my dick.
Why did they call it gigolo's and not prostidudes
I can't take my dog to the park anymore because the ducks keep trying to bite him, I guess that's what I get for having a pure bread dog
I wanted to have sex on the hood of my Honda Civic but my girlfriend said she would only do it on her own accord.
A criminal can never swim, because hes sin-king.
My girlfriend sucks at sex
If youre famous for your boobs, youre a celebritity.
When sex enhancement pills dont work on you, call it Viagra Falls.
I was a big hit at the Bukkake party, everyone was gushing over me.
Why did the opera singer go sailing? They wanted to hit the high Cs.
My smart toothbrush needed a bluetooth connection, but mine are all yellow.
My smart toothbrush needed a bluetooth connection, but mine are all yellow.
YGOLOHCYSP....Reverse psychology.
Didn't have much time for my haircut this morning so I told my barber to cut it short.
Briefly considered becoming a dermatologist but I didn't want to make any rash decisions.
I read that vegetarians have a 12% lower mortality rate, but theres still an 88% chance I will someday die.
Never attempt to give assistance to a Karen. Cause Sharon is Karen.
I've got the body of a temple, after Indiana Jones has visited.
Oneliner? I hardly know her!
If a service dog ever approaches you without its owner, its your Alzheimers support dog.
Baking sugar free sugar cookies is so easy; there's literally nothing to them.
Who called it masturbation and not hard work?
Opinions are like *ssholes in that we all keep our own artificially clean to avoid trouble, and yet we only ever think of other peoples as disgusting.
my heart is beating fast, pray for me so that it stops
Isn't saying "i can't describe how beautiful you are in a sentence" is describing how beautiful they are in a sentence?
The first 2 years of my life skewed my numbers so bad that I still shit my pants an average of 22 times a year
Sorry I don't recognize any of you in public but I promise to start carry filters with me from now on.
Robot disinfector sends bacteria to the future.
Wow, I now know why they call liquor spirits! Every now and then I end up drinking and turn people into them by the time I pull into my driveway.
I was gonna make a joke about circumcisions but, the rabbi cut me off.
If someone told me they were constipated, I'd think they were full of shit.
Dont you hate it when people complain about everything
Today, for one Rolling Stone we'll gather no ms.
My thoughts keep churning back and forth over whether to make my own butter or just buy it.
Toll roads are straight up highway robbery.
I was dying to get a job at a my local morgue and ended up staying as a guest.
People who claim theyve swum in the rivers in Paris and Cairo are either insane or in denial.
I was looking for a protein bar and was disappointed to find the box empty - "No whey," I said to myself.
My partner has schizophrenia. Best threesome I ever had
Calling my dick life so everytime Im horny I can say my life is hard.
I told my friends a joke about the time I went to a closed bakery but I got no loafs.
Great Neck is a town in Long Island and a weird compliment
NASA always has space for astronomers.
Tomorrow's Headline: Lab tests DNA of Subway's roast beef, solves 30 year old cold case.
Germans water their garden in the morning but Austrians prefer a later hosin'.
My favorite machine at the gym is the vending machine.
What do you get when you mix a rhetorical question with a joke?
I just joined this sub, and I'm grateful to be part of this word association.
What if there were no hypothetical questions?
Just join the sub, and 'm grateful to be part of this word association.
If one Domino's pizza shop collapses, would the others then fall in succession?
I was promised dough, but all I got was some lousy green paper.
Beware of the data you submit to your fitness app, entered my dinner and 10 minutes later an ambulance arrived.
Me and my girlfriend were getting a little frisky when she randomly asked me if I have a Rubber? I thought it was strange but quickly replied Sorry I only use pens
The Southern United States Air Force would be Sus AF
Storm brewing over climate change targets.
To all the sensitive cunts on the internet take jokes as jokes, were all gonna die anyways and there aint no sequel
Due to calcium deficiency, my funny bone is in the first stage of osteoporosis.
"The boat slid across the glistening lake, the way a bowling ball doesn't".
I can't believe how rude the suppository helpline was.
TIL the swordfish has no natural predators to be afraid of, except for the penfish, which is thought to be mightier.
A Scot walks out of a pub.
Amelia Bedelia, watching Lolita.
My therapist told me I was in denial, but I don't think that's true
It's too bad that whole families have to be torn apart by something as simple as wild dogs.
I just put my sons iPhone into the blender, I just wanted to make some apple sauce for him.
Well, to be Frank with you, Id have to change my name.
The type of mineral that always makes me sneeze is Gesundhite.
two rowers meet in the bar, what a canodel
Despite the high cost of living, it remains a popular option.
An apple a day keeps anybody away if you throw it hard enough!
I always wondered where the sun went every night, then it dawned on me.
I was wondering why the baseball was getting bigger, and then it hit me
People who make judgments should die.
Help, my sister who works in the textile industry has told me she is dyeing.
Why is the alphabet in that order? Is it because of that song?
My neighbor blamed my gravel for making him fall but it was his own dumb asphalt.
Just had a meeting with Fat Larry's Band on Zoom.
I, for one, like Roman numerals
I always knock on the refrigerator door before opening it in case there is a salad dressing
Trans men probably have to study hard before they take their testicles.
Weird Als wife asked if he could spend more time at home, saying it would be good for more-AL.
Cows don't catch COVID because they have a strong im-mooo-ne system.
What did one mime say to the other mime?
Farting in an elevator stinks on so many levels.
Let's play a game called "Lion Tamer", you get on all four and I'll put my head in your mouth.
I looked up my family tree and found out my grandfather was a branch manager.
I was on a date with a woman who said, I am a big country fan. Me trying to sound intelligent: Well, China is 3.7 million square miles.
My roomie set me up on a blind date and he said, Id better warn you, shes expecting a baby. I felt like such an idiot sitting in the bar wearing just a diaper.
I went on date with a girl with a lazy eye once. I got up and left because she was seeing someone else.
Not to brag, but I already have a date for Valentines Day. February 14th
If attacked by a mob of clowns, go for the juggler.
Shout out to the sidewalks for keeping us off the streets.
Having sex on an elevator is wrong on so many levels...
"Dead or alive, you're coming with me!" is a great movie quote but a terrible pickup line.
If a proctologist is really obsessed... Is he Fundamental?
To Michael Jackson... Kids are a touchy subject.
I picked up a friend of mine who was upset and he said "I'm not fucking happy." to which I replied "well, which one of the 7 dwarves are you fucking?"
My grief councilor died last week... luckily he was so good I didn't give a shit.
Russian dolls are so full of themselves.
My towns car dealership wants us to 'buy local' but wont even share the calorie count of each vehicle.
Why is it called a contactless card if I still have to pick it up to use it?
I wanted to marry my English teacher when she got out of jail, but apparently, you cant end a sentence with a proposition.
All the students are elegant, because they got class.
While sitting with my wife, we saw a dog lick it's balls-i said I wish I could do that, she said if you give him a treat he might let you
My wife told me she wanted some time apart as she was so sick of me acting like a game show host, I said 'Well, let's see what happens after the break'
Around the age of 13 I was constantly training like I saw in the movie Karate Kid, especially when he wax off
Meghan markle was asked why she had two photocopied images of huge sea creatures and said she won't go anywhere without the prints of whales
TIL Pigeons die after having sex,...well, the one I fucked did
For her birthday, my wife asked for a surprise, so I fucked her dad
Some one told me that everyone calls Michael Jackson's son Blanket, I said duvet?
Maybe there WAS an I in team, but the Pixar lamp got to him too.
I called in to work said I'm sick, my boss asked me, 'Sick, how sick?' i said 'well I just fucked my sister...'
I was asked if I wanted to go to fancy dress party in a buffalo costume, I said I'm game
Barack went to a fancy dress party with his wife being carried on his back , neither of them wore a costume, when asked what he come as, he said 'a turtle, and this is michelle'
What's brown and sticky-a stick
BNAG...Sorry, that was Bang out of order
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a battery? A battery has a positive side
My wife asked me if the dress she tried on made her look fat, I said No, your fat makes you look fat
How many kids with ADHD does it take to change a lightbulb?....HEY, WHO WANTS TO GO TO THE PARK
I pinched a hookers ass and now I'm getting charged with theft
I was so ugly as a baby, my mum had to get drunk just to breast feed me
1 in 5 people on earth are chinese, so either me, my brother, dad, uncle or my mate Chen Li are Chinese. I think it's my uncle
They say 1 in 3 men are gay, so its either me, my brother, or that really cute guy across the street.
What's the difference between a lobster with big boobs and a neglected coach park-ones a crusty bus station, the others a busty crustacean
Why does butane weigh less than water-because its lighter fluid
What's is blue and not very heavy-light blue
My grandfather always told me that IBS runs in our jeans.
It seems the little kid from Rambo Part III is now President of Afghanistan.
At this point, there's nothing I can't make 10x better for 3x the cost of buying new.
We'll have no NIMBY's in my back yard, thankyou!
My family always told me Dyslexia runs in our jeans
An apple a day keeps the doctor away, but a pack a day keeps the doctor in business.
I know they say that money talks, but all mine says is Goodbye.
I bought a car with a wooden engine, wooden wheels, wooden doors-it wooden go
I bet when they rolled out the first jackhammer, it was a blockbuster hit!
After a long day earth's orbit must've been affected.
Why do musicians dislike Jacques? Because he's Offenbach
If political parties are so fun, why is only half the town invited?
It's quite ironic that "strap on" backwards, spells 'no parts'.
Do you need a current license to drive an electric car?
If you cant seem to remember all the letters of the alphabet, then that sounds more like a U problem.
People who are always looking for red flags are overly judgemental, which is a red flag.
Those who are always looking for red flags are overly cautious and judgemental, which is a red flag.
People who use personalised WhatsApp stickers don't get to use 'not photogenic' excuse.
I wish Amazon would buy Facebook so I can buy my privacy back.
Suicidal people dont hangout, they hangin.
Im sorry and I apologize are interchangeable, except at funerals.
The mohel pulled over after getting caught cutting off.
Dyslexics of the world, untie!
Einstein's formula says the closer an object gets to the speed of light, the more mass it gains. That's why I never run.
I wish Medusa would stop objectifying people
Contrary to common belief, misconceptions are prevalent.
fI oyur'e no DLS shit mihgt mkae ssene.
I watched a documentary about sailing and rope... it had me in knots
I watched a movie about making Levi's jeans... It was riveting!
Being vague is almost as fun as doing this other thing.
_
Dropped toast only lands butter-side-up because you buttered the wrong side
My friends laughed at me when I told them I had a hot date and said she was imaginary but the jokes on them because theyre imaginary too.
Dogs cant see through to your bones, but cat scan
Breaking: Afghan people struggling to count their blessings as they adjust to life under a tally ban.
Limbo Champion walks in to a bar -- DISQUALIFIED!
New medical messages app encryption - converts text to doctors writing.
Power outages are delightful
If Michael Jackson was still alive his social media pronouns would be He/He.
I've finally beaten my Disco phobia, but at first I was afraid, I was petrified.
Spirit just canceled my flight from Kabul to Boston, again.
I'm going to name my new restaurant, Anywhere You Want, You Choose.
There are three things you cannot escape from in life: death, paying taxes, and getting your wisdom removed
Dogs can't see through bones, but catscan.
I looked everywhere for my book on the G-spot but, I can't find it.
"I think so, but don't quote me on it." -Me
I play the triangle in a reggae band, I just stand at the back an ting
play the triangle in a reggae band, I just stand at the back an ting
Running at a moderate pace always seems to help jog my memory
Someone asked me to name two types of structure that hold water. I was like, well, damn.
I f**kin hate people who swear all the godd*mn time.
Some asked me to name two types of structure that hold water. I was like, well, damn.
Some asked me to name two types of structure that hold water. I was like, well damn.
The bar is ten minutes from my house, however, my house is four hours from the bar.
I fear I might be a hypochondriac, does this make me a hyperhypochondriac? I really hope I am not a hyperhypochondriac, I guess that would make me a hypohyperhypochondriac, this is all very scary news to me.
No matter how kind you are, German children will always be kinder.
Idk who needs to hear this but your future self is talking shit about you.
People don't get smarter as they age, they just do dumb stuff way slower.
Maybe the reason it took so long to invent the drawing board is because, after each failed attempt, they had nothing to go back to.
Maybe the reason it took so long to invent the drawing board is because, after each failed attempt, they had nothing to back to.
My boss told me to have a good day. So I went home.
I was going to cook alligator for dinner but realized I only had a croc pot.
I just can't wrap my head around lampposts
Owning a KFC franchise is on my bucket list.
I know a guy who made a fortune from inventing ovaltine. He is now a malty millionaire
I am from Grealand. I am Grealish
Mt uncle would always joke about his facial tic when he played slot machines,nudge nudge wink wink
Does anybody know where I can find a book about the G-spot?
Does anybody know where I can find a book about the G-spot.
If a man said he'll fix it, he will, there is no need to remind him every 6 months about it.
If a man said he'll fix it, he will. There is no need to remind him every 6 months about it.
My neighbor keeps racing pigeons but the pigeons always win.
When my buddy said, "What rhymes with orange?" I pondered for a while and replied, "No, it doesn't."
Some opportunities don't have the decency to knock even once.
I wonder if Corona has a 19 pack.
What's a one liner that has made your SO's eyes roll so hard they were doing cartwheels?
Im 55 and said I was shortbut I was told Im just more down to earth..
I might get drunk and send single moms some WIC pics.
I once kicked fresh poop from a Maltese dog on my mouth.
Sent a really cheesy pickupline to my crush yesterday.... She didnt enjoy it.. I guess she is lactose intolerant.\_()_/
Karma could possibly be a male dog.
Youll never recognize your true potential as a contortionist until you use self-service vacuums at a car wash
You can literally say anything to a deaf person, and they wont judge you.
The reason why Episteins favorite equation is 13 x 13 is because it equals 169.
My parents threatened me saying that they would slam my head on the keyboard if I didn't get off my computer soon, but I think they're jokin4y67uwqer5hbcvudgt7yttr5ewqasr5fb.6ujm
I can't believe how many people on here get their sayings wrong, come on people, it's not rocket salad.
Dead budgie for sale - not going cheap.
I accidentally took the cats medicine, don't ask meow.
Did you hear about the two peanuts walking through Central Park? One was assaulted.
I just want to give a shout out to elevators, for picking me up when I was down.
Is it just me or does the word "retweet" bring up images of Elmer Fudd commanding an army on the defensive?
Somebody threw a bottle of Omega 3 pills at me but luckily my injuries were only super fish oil
Nothing makes you more productive than the last minute
To avoid being raped when I am in jail, I stick a tube of toothpaste up my ass for complete cavity protection.
My friend cur himself open and rearranged his organs, which sounds crazy but his heart is in the right place.
Drugs are B(lissful)A(nd)D(esirable)
Drugs are B(lissful)A(nd)D(esirous)
I named my new plant Robert because it needs a whole lotta love, a whole lotta love.
Hamburgers like to workout because it gives them nice buns.
Be an electrician, youd have a bright future.
The transformer was a big car guy.
Mathematics cannot explain how I sometimes put the cereal box in the fridge.
Theres chunky and creamy peanut butter  think about that.
If youre in a jamboree after age 10, then you need to rethink your life choices.
Boners are hard.
If youre on a first date and they misuse idioms is that a blue flag?
Why was the broom late for work?Because it overswept
My boss at the bakery took care of me, because he knew Id take care of him if the rolls were reversed.
Be an electrician, youd have a bright career.
Comedians should perform at the airport, because they cant really bomb there.
You only need a deodorant with a good fragrance to approach a girl, and not the guts.
I wonder what my parents did when they were bored before the internet. I asked my 10brothers and sisters and they didn't know either.
Sailors have waterfowl language.
Hypnosis is a hobby that can quickly spiral out of control.
What doesn't kill you mutates and then tries to kill you again
I wonder what the inventor of the drawing board returned to when he discovered a problem?
The fun thing about eating dumplings is that a few hours later they become full dumps.
"No, thanks. I'm a vegetarian." is a fun thing to say when someone hands you their baby
I got arrested at the airport because apparently security doesn't appreciate it when you call "shotgun" before boarding a plane.
Love it when the sun comes up, it always brightens the start of my day
I had to see an eye doctor, but I couldn't.
My girlfriend said something about being obsessed with sex but, I was too busy laughing at the dog humping the cat to any pay attention.
My AC just went out, I guess were doing only fans now.
Ive never felt worse than that time I sanded off my fingerprints.
Shortening overdosed without an apostrophe just looks odd.
Police have now named the fisherman who went missing at sea for three years as Mr Bob Upundown.
If people have such a problem with pedophiles, why do they keep on having all these sexy ass kids?
Asking someone to do a body shot is the most literal version of the expression have a drink on me
Only furries know how deep the rabbit hole goes.
Somebody threw a bottle of Omega 3 pills at me but luckily my injuries were only super fish oil.
Girls are like rocks, the flat ones get skipped
I work at well paid job for a company that makes batteries but I'm not in it for the money, it's about the power.
My partner just bought herself a pet duck and I was furious when I saw the bill.
"I'm sorry" and "my bad" mean the same thing until you're at a funeral.
My mom asked me to hand out invitations for my brothers surprise birthday party and thats when I realized he was the favorite twin.
The main difference between a snowman and a snowoman are snowballs
I thought my vitamin might cause cancer; fortunately, tests showed it was B-9.
Kurt Cobain received mind blowing head on April 5th 1994.
I once covered my scrotum in glitter and the results was pretty nuts
The stationary shop moved...
It's always a fun little surprise when you find 10$ in the jacket pocket of a stranger.
I like to wear a canoe on my head like it's a hat but it works best if it's capsized.
Ive just written a song about a tortilla, well its more of a rap.
When one door closes, another door always opens. (But other than that, ma'am, it's a great used car!)
Time is precious, waste it wisely.
Im Cologne without the c
I keep seeing annoying ads saying "If you own a mouse, you have to play this game. No Install." so I went ahead and got the game, but he sniffed, ran off and played on his wheel instead.
The song writers of today ode a lot to the Ancient Greeks.
A woman with a taser is always stunning!
A perfectionist walks into a bar, apparently the bar was not set high enough.
Hey,If anyone knows how to fix some broken hinges, my doors always open.
Today was hotter than a crack pipe on payday.
Earthworms probably complain to other earthworms about how noisy the people are who live above them.
CMV. North is the best direction.
I like to tape a rubber ball in my mouth when I go for a jog, its kind of a running gag.
Id like to live in Norway, but I cant fjord it.
Being a male porn star is harder than you think.
When I was fired as an electrician, I was delighted.
The scientific name for the funny bone is the humerous.
The scientific name for the funny bone is the humerus.
The past is tomorrow
The word diputseromneve may look ridiculous, but backwards, its even more stupid.
I kissed her lips, she closed her legs, I broke my glasses
Betrayal is a land mine on a familiar path
Whenever I see hotweels tracks my mind races to memories of my father.
I've just been on a once in a lifetime holiday I tell you what never again
I stayed drunk for a week one night.
The ironic thing about mullets is they are specifically designed to prevent necks from getting red.
Abraham Lincoln's death was staged.
Abraham Lincoln's death was dramatic
Every surgery is plastic surgery when you'rea lego character.
If youre trying to cut carbs, use a knife
Cosbys behavior was off pudding.
Hes the Usain Bolt of fucking up (Stolen from Uncle Rodger).
To keep people from sitting next to you on the subway, I recommend sniffing your finger intently, giggling.
Humans are scared of hippos because they're violent and responsible for hundreds of deaths per year, when in reality, people kill way more people per year, so thats just being hippocritical.
The most honest people in the world are the people who do not dye their hair black after it turns white.
Theres an epidemic of mirror thefts. Police say theyre looking into it
My boss said he is going to fire the person with the worst posture and I have a hunch its me
Not gonna lie, Suicide Squad was better than Suicide Squad.
Recently my uncle's pizza shop really blew up. With his business on fire, he was rolling in the dough.
I cant get over the fact that the word gullible upside down looks like a cat.
There are two things I cannot stand in this world; people who are intolerant of other people's cultures, and the Dutch.
How many round earthers have finally found out they were wrong, when they fell off the edge of the Earth?
I met a guy who was convinced that there were no words in the English language with more syllables than vowels, so I tried to explain to him that he was wrong, but he refused to accept criticism.
I was deeply disappointed to discover that 'Dunkirk' was not a documentary about William Shatner.
According to my chemistry teacher, "nitrate" isn't a term which describes the cost of prostitutes in the evening.
I make 7 figures a year. So please message me, the action figure market has dried and I am very poor right now.
My father drank so heavily, when he blew on the birthday cake he lit the candles.
I had never broken a bone until I was 16, when I beat somebody up.
I buy my drugs from a T-rex, he's a small arms dealer.
The person who invented the knock knock joke should win the no bell prize
The worst thing to be allergic would definitely be Epi-pens.
My teacher asked me to turn in my essay, but I ain't no snitch
My car was blocked in by Dwayne Johnson as I was leaving the boxing gym , I was stuck between a rock and a hard place
A depressed life is like a box of chocolates, it all turns to shit in the end.
Octopus....How do you make an octopus laugh... Ten tickles!
If Hitler was a rapper, his music would be gas
Needless to say, he has no legs.
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do
I thought I won the argument with my wife as to how to arrange the dining room furniture but when I got home, the tables were turned.
Life is like buying lottery tickets cause its not worth it
I was mortified when I thought I hit a deer with my car, but I was relieved to find out it was 3 pregnant women walking their dogs.
Small babies may be delivered by stork but I needed a crane.
Its courageous to name a fashion company Sag Harbor, fearless to wear Sag Harbor T-shirts.
Just finished counting from 1 to infinity, took me forever.
They say the number of the beast is 666 but everytime I try to call, no one answers.
I blocked a guy and he just sent me a calendar invite to suck his dick on Tuesday, August 10th at 2:30 pm.
William Shatner tried starting a line of womens underwear, but Shatner panties wasnt the greatest brand name.
Last Xmas, in a hotel lobby, a few superfans of Garry Kasparov kept talking about how great he was - chess nuts boasting in an open foyer
Shopping for antiques won't make you gay... ...but it will make you buy curios.
It's just a matter of time before they add the word Syndrome to your last name.
Accordion to Recent Studies, 99% of the Population Won't Notice a Musical Instrument Hidden in a Sentence
If you're the smartest guy in the room, you're probably alone in the room.
Cowboys don't roll joints, they tumble weed.
I intend to live forever or die trying.
I told my masochist friend, hey, dont beat yourself up.
If your uncle Jack was on the roof and he wanted you to help him down, would you help your uncle Jack off?
My wife dresses to kill  and she cooks the same way
My wife dresses to kill and she cooks the same way
I like to ride a dolphin when I go on my errands. That way anything I do, I did on porpoise.
The cashier at the liquor store was ringing me up and said strip down, facing me, so how was I to know she meant my debit card?
I hooked up with a girl and we didnt have a condom so she made me wear a sandwich bagwhich as first you think wouldnt work but it added a lot of flavor to that sandwich!
Ties are just nooses that are susceptible to gravity.
Guns? Ill give it a shot
I want to open a restaurant called Hole Foods that only serves bagels and Swiss cheese, and Swiss cheese on a bagel, supposing the holes in the two line up.
I found an ADHD diagnosis video on YouTube, but I couldnt finish it
My wife threatened to divorce me when I said I was going to give our daughter a silly name, so I called her Bluff.
What do you call a blonde haired skeleton in the wardrobe? Last years hide and seek winner.
I refused to believe I was gay AND dyslexic. I was in Daniel.
Some like to camp in cabins, I like a more intense experience
Before finding his wife, Boaz must have been ruthless.
Grammar Teacher said never end a sentence with a conjunction, Science teacher said, "digestive system ends in but"
Is it just me or am I completely inside my own head?
I met my girlfriend on Bumble. She gave me a buzz.
I met my wife on bumble. She gave me a buzz.
Plenty of Fish has more pussy, but not by much.
A man with Brocas Aphasia walks bar.
I was going to tell you a joke, but I realised my life is one. Luckily I'm a clown.
At first I didn't like my beard but it's growing on me
I smoke in the rain, but I don't in hail.
It's ok to smoke in the rain, but don't in hail.
I like to meditate, which is better than sitting there and doing nothing.
Love comes in all shapes and sizes but premature ejaculaters come in pants.
I'm single, by choice (not mine)
I forgot which diary to buy for myself, should have made a note of it.
I'm afraid my pantomime career is behind me.
Of the college dorms, cows room in 8.
The head nurse is the one with the dirty knees
A dyslexic man walks into a bra..
As a wheat farmer, I keep having these strange headaches but the doctor said it's my grains.
Everyone is an idiot accept me.
what 2 things in the air, can get a woman pregnant? Her Legs.....
Finally replaced our horrible old mattress; after a great nights sleep on the new one I said this is so much bedder.
Snoop Dogg brings an umbrella incase of drizzle
People are usually shocked when they find out how good of an electrician I am.
A friend of mine told me that there are serious errors in my writing, but when I looked into it, it turned out theirs no theyre their.
Two egotists started a fight  it was an I for an I!
I told my hairdresser to make me look sexy, so she put down the hair clippers and started drinking.
My boss keeps trying to convince me that he has ordered some clockwork insect toys printed with the company logo-i said 'wind up merchant' he said basically ,yeah
I am so old I can remember when the dead sea was just unwell.
Octopuses have 2 four arms
Most things are a once-in-a-lifetime experience when you're a mayfly.
Slightly peeved that the makers of the shampoo, "Head and Shoulders" have not followed up with a bodywash called, "Knees and toes."
John Lennon once said: You may say Im a dreamer, but Im not
My friend asked if they ever showed me their broken door chime.i said it doesn't ring any bells
My friend is a circus performer and he was gloating about not getting caught bringing hashish back from his travels - he is a smug juggler
My young daughter asked what E.T. was short for-i said cause he's got little legs
I asked my son to stop positioning the mirror and the TV in my direction when he watches old Michael Jackson videos if we have guests over-it reflects Bad on me
I told a fellow baker that I bet I can make my dough rise more than theirs, they said Prove it.
I let someone have all of my dead batteries free of charge.
I told my doctor I feel like a pair of curtains-he said pull yourself together
What's brown and rhymes with snoop....? Dre
I saw a group of young guys all dressed in the same colour, everyone had the exact same hair style, brushed down over their foreheads. Gangbang
The opposite of Microsoft Office is Macrohard Onfire
My friend has to get his underwear custom made cause he has five dicks-his pants fit like a glove
I asked my friend what to do after my boss unfairly dismissed me just because I could never remember the correct word to describe the underground tunnel system to process waste water and he said 'sue 'er'.
I had to expertly swerve out the way to avoid an accident after someone chucked a school book out of their car window as I was driving behind them-it was a textbook manoeuvre
My wife asked me why the shoes I just had delivered were in a box filled with rats tails-i said I couldn't get them in mice eyes
I told a security guard I was going to twist and tie up the strap on his Rolex when he wasn't looking- He said knot on my watch
Men with beards are just like men without beards, but with beards
I heard the world championship of origami will be shown on TV at a cost-paper view
The dangers of cloning grizzlies bears repeating.
My friend Bob always spells his name backwards.
I want to move to Bermuda and open a store that sells triangles.
Sportscasters are just too repundit
A toilet brush is best when it's useless.
Do something poorly enough, and someone will do it for you
we put sins in cousins
If you have something to do and you put it off for long enough, the chances are someone else will do it for you
Damn you're wet.
Hmmm... there's that thing I told my wife I already did.
Pedophiles are fucking immature assholes.
It was a poor harvest and the greens that remained were radicchio.
Anyone can be creepy when you stare at them for long enough
Firestarter is a torch song.
I accidentally drank a bottle of invisible ink and am now at urgent care waiting to be seen.
I would rather die than have sex with a necrophiliac.
Some gay guys are nice while others are fucking shit.
I use a jar as a doorstopper so the door become ajar.
It's weird to think that people who are 5 ft tall, are only 5 Subways long !!
Starbucks is not my cup of tea.
Ah Italy! Even the eggs are Kinder!
You look like a poorly drawn face on a thumb
You look like a fish that inflates itself to scare predators
I'm dying to find out how I look as a brunette.
Just do it... later!
Did yall hear about Chris Chan? That motherfucker
Do cannibals prefer diabetics for dessert?
Id make a joke about COVID but that would be tasteless.
Being attracted to magnets is so metal
I went to a diesel dyke lesbian bar last night, it was called the Weighing Station.
For occo deficient people, may I recommend: Morocco
I want this pandemic to be over.
So, a dyslexic man walks into a bra..
Find out the value of your penis with Kelly Blue Balls
I call all the people that cut my hair Delilah
My extra sensitive toothpaste doesn't like it when I use other toothpastes.
Prisoners get in so many fights because its hard for them to conpromise .
Lager isn't classy unless you're dyslexic, in which case it's regal.
I was riding a donkey the other day when someone threw a rock at me and I fell off. I guess I was stoned off my ass.
Which is the boldest city? Audacity.
Bisexuals must get tired of shit sometimes
There are guards at the gym watching for protein drinks, so no whey I'll have any.
Before I met my wife I was incomplete, now I'm finished.
I'm not into anything kinky in the bedroom, never have been, so I felt a bit weird when the girlfriend asked me to shave her testicles.
Went to a German restaurant and got sick afterward, it was the worst!
Its the end of the world and people are buying toilet paper, i guess they plan to shit themselves to death.
Just Married makes it sound like they're already disillusioned.
Missed a day of cosmetology school, so I had to attend a makeup class.
Signed up for my company's 401k, but I don't think I can run that far.
I got fired from Spirit Airlines and it still haunts me.
I cant remember the last time I forgot something.
"Why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars but checks when you say the paint is wet?"
People assume that because I listen to hip hop I own a Boombox. But that's just a stereotype.
Rainbows don't weigh much. They're actually pretty light.
I tried to rob a bank using underwear as my mask, but the cops put me in jail right after a quick debriefing.
Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt
I recently recycled my old bike.
Once I dated a girl, she was cross eyed . We never seem to see eye to eye... Oh, and I think she was seeing someone on the side
I was 25 y/o when I learned that not all churches have glory holes.
A kid version of The Human Centipede already exists: Thomas The Tank Engine.
I dated a girl who was a twin, people asked how I told them apart, simple, Mary paints her nails pink and Mike has a dick.
I've never been very ambitious. One day I think I'd like to climb Everer
My dads so square that he wont cosine for a cute triangle home.
Its not pee, its a tear because you keep putting the toilet seat down.
What happens when you mix a joke and a rhetorical question?
Stop with the blind jokes, I dont see the point.
I recently decided to learn sign language and asked the librarian if she had any audiobooks on the topic
If your crystal meth dealer has all of their teeth, they are the cops.
Maybe if we start telling people their brain is an app, theyll want to use it.
We are all products of our Dad's scrunched-up face.
Jury Duty is when the government randomly forces you to solve a murder, and has ascertained that this service is worth $15.00.
"So that's why my farts smell like Cinnamon," said the cannibal, picking glitter from his teeth.
I like MOSQUITOS in my house to be just like people i like to fuck with............... DEAD
Only sum math puns add up
A masochist walks into a bar, and then a table, and a chair...
Ive got sitting, down
Just finished watching the Fear Street trilogy today; it was Goode
My shrink is supposedly a feminist, but she keeps coaching me on how to manage my thots.
Pray for the redamption of all Gods beavers.
secretsandwitches this Halloween  at Subway
All of the magic markers in our house keep disappearing.
Tonnes can be really gross.
I'm reading a book about a guy who does origami backwards. I'll tell you more as the story unfolds.
The German word for bra is ... Stoppemfromfloppen.
The Great Pumpkin used to hunt for Charlie in the US Coast Gourd .
Everyones allowed to fly a kite with their ass.
If someone watches me studying the observer effect, then I'll probably nod my head a few times to make it look like I understand.
Ive taken up competitive oragami, I like to fold under pressure.
Say what you want about deaf people
I took someone's food... it was mine after all.
"A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory."
Pessimists see a bathroom stall without a door while optimists see a shit show ready to happen.
My gym had a bunch of free weights, so I took them.
As a diabetic, I'd like to say "Death by Chocolate" my foot!
When one gets a cosmetic treatment of their feet and toenails, are the steel tools with cutting ridges for smoothing the nails pedi-files?
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort
Haemorrhoids are a pain in the arse
Just heard that the inventor of inflatable shoes has just popped his cloggs....
Beelzebub always makes more honey than the other demons.
Getting hit on by Einstein probably smarted.
Theres probably a lot of arguments and interrupting when a meeting of conches is called to order.
Hemorrhoids probably take a lot of shit from up above.
Chumbawamba
Debbie does Sallad.
I need good one liner jokes for my graduation album.
Making edgy jokes about starting bar fights is fine, so long as you punch up.
For months I felt like a man trapped in a woman's body, then I was born.
It quickly becomes apparent, when you have unprotected sex you quickly become a parent
Copying a famous geopolitical strategy boardgame is pretty risky.
It only costs 1 cent to get into our local aquarium, as long as youre camping or dressed as a dolphin, so for all in tents and porpoises, its free.
There are two kinds of people in this world, amnesiacs and 
They say beating Pokemon Yellow with just Ditto is a big struggle!
Being an atheist is my god-given right.
Taking a rocket into space was not top of Jeff Bezos Bucket list, but it was right up there.
Going into space was not top of Jeff Bezos Bucket list, but it was right up there.
Words cant express how much I hate World Emoji Day.
What do you do when a yoga guru goes missing?
Don't wait - procrastinate NOW!
No single person is in a relationship
There are 1000 Millie Bobby Brown's in a Bobby Brown.
Before I met my wife I was incomplete, now I'm finished...
My new chicken proof suit is impeccable.
People who like bubble tea suck balls
I only date blow up dolls because they're breathtaking.
It was announced today that Buckwheat of 'The Little Rascals' converted to Islam and will now be known as 'Khareem of Wheat'.
When a humorist ejaculates, is he doing cumedy?
I asked my wife if she has ever had a Parrott on her shoulders, she said no, but she's had a cockatoo in her mouth
Got arrested for performing an exorcism at a campsite-possesion within tent
There's a Sparrowhawk that keeps flying over my garden and it's getting on my Tits.
Thinking of the time I glued flash drives to a boomerang brings back so many memories
Im just going to delete a few dumb posts, Ill be right back... Oh, can I have your password?
My wife and I have a love hate relationship, she loves to beat me and I hate the beatings
I was arrested for giving some money to a mosquito yesterday- I got charged with fly tipping
The most dangerous room in the house depends on where your wife is at the moment
I went to a squat party last night-my legs are killing me this morning
Someday, I'm going to finish writing a book about procrastination.
My math teacher said I was average which is just mean
I always found obituary sections to be really profound, because they've got so many dimensions!
I was going to buy a watch, but I didn't have any time.
Headache without the ache?
I should do something about this splinter, but maybe I'll just wait to see if it gets out of hand.
My friends said I would never end my obsession with Phil Collins, but take a look at me now!
Never have a pillow fight with death unless you are willing to face the reaper cushions!
You don't need expensive hardware to sound like Radiohead, just an ok computer.
Im a professional housekeeper  each time I get a divorce, I keep the house!
I bought some Lion repellant off ebay, so far it seems to be working.
Imagine being a bird and afraid of heights?
Im gonna make my weed business turn over a new leaf
My origami business just folded.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up.
I can never think straight
If Saddam Hussein had married Little Miss Muffet, would the Kurds have finally had their whey?!
I've often wondered what's inside a tin of evaporated milk!!
If you are ignorant, life is full of mysteries!
Every Olympic event should include one average person competing for reference.
As I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I shall realize that I should've updated Google maps before I left the house.
Sometimes when life is tough you just have to roll up your sleeves, tighten your belt and start shooting heroin.
Dying must be pretty sexy, given that pretty much every guy gets a boner when it happens.
If anyone has a better fish pun, let minnow.
Ive taken up competitive origami. I like to fold under pressure.
Ive taken up competitive origami. Id like to fold under pressure.
Autocorrect and I have a love hat relationship.
Is a cannibal also a rapist if he eats a whole woman because he is eating her out?
Make Lovecraft, not Warcraft
Women should not have kids after 40 because 40 is more than enough
Fear of snake is called Ophidiophobia, isn't that called common sense??
Whats that word again...? Oh yea, Unforgettable
Im so poor, I cant even pay attention.
They say nothing is impossible, but i do nothing everyday
I got my hair perfect, showed her how clever I was, and showed her my new car, but nothing impresses Shania much.
'Tis too two-to-two to toot to
Mountain jokes are hillarious
So I have new name for the upcoming OnePlus Nord 2 5g ----&gt; 1+.25*9.81
I'm so lazy, I don't even exercise good judgement.
Weather Forecast...Fog is Dew tomorrow.
Seems to me that Trojan isnt a very good name for a condom, seeing as the real Trojan Horse burst open and loads of little guys came pouring out.
Is a sex therapist a bedrheumatologist?
I have kleptomania. But when it gets bad, I take something for it.
Once a wise man said ....!
I never got any girls in school, I remember this one time this girl called me up, said, come on over, theres nobody home. I went over there, there was nobody home!
Me @ my wife: You have what they call in the medical field, some glorious fucking tits, baby
If you live in the state of Oregon &amp; you donate something to a charity of your choice, are you considered an Oregon donor?
My TV fell on the ground
My identity was stolen 2 hours ago and my credit score has gone up 94 points.
The best part about being a pathological liar is having a 11 inch cock.
If I were the quietest person alive, I would be unheard of.
Nailed it! said Pontius Pilatus washing his hands off
An old prostitute walks into a bar, sits on a barstool, and slowly sinks to the floor.
At least the lady at the shoe store thinks Im a 10.
You can trace anyone back to a creampie.
I hate Tinder with a heated passion
I tried to make a lame joke, but he had no sense of humor.
DMV Dream Job
You really have to hand it to blind prostitutes...
My favorite Classic Rock group is Mount Rushmore.
I hate it when I walk into the kitchen for food and only find ingredients.
I was walking down the street trying to figure out why Dodge named their truck 'Ram'...then it hit me.
If swimming is such good exercise, why are whales fat as fuck?
If text kisses were real kisses, the world would be one big orgy.
Kicking a vending machine until it no longer works is Bang out of order.
I thought I heard the Bee Gees playing in my herb garden but it was just the chives talking.
Most guys buy a Porsche when they midlife, but some ride off into space on a giant dildo.
A bald man walks into a barber shop
I used to have blue cheese but I cheered it up
I fell through the roof of a French bakery and now I'm in a world of pain.
I ate a bunch of Scrabble tiles and now my next trip to the bathroom could spell disaster
I once ate a food so French, that I had to retreat back to the toilet.
One thing I cannot stand for is sitting.
Why are you playing hard to get when you're already so hard to want?
Opinions are like assholes: when I hear one it usually makes me laugh.
Eating too much cake is the sin of gluttony. But eating too much pie is okay, because the sin of pi is always zero.
A friend suggested I put horse manure on my strawberries but after trying it, I think I'm going back to whipped cream.
If it wasn't for window blinds, it'd be curtains for all us.
Being my own worst enemy gives me a worthy opponent.
This isn't what I was hoping for when I heard we're shooting billionaires to space now..
Personally, I think it's very thoughtful of Jeff Bezos to let somebody else be the richest person on the planet for a while.
"what seems to be the officer, problem?"
Dang ol yo man
Police say they are looking for a man, six feet, who has stolen three pairs of shoes.
If I were to get a job at the Grand Canyon, does that count as me finally getting a rim job?
A freudian slip is where you say one thing and mean your mother
Our leaders think they can see what is best for us, but you can't spell "politician" without "optician".
Display pilots are really smart. They fly information.
I swore a sausage just flew past my window but it was just a seabird, so I assume I must have taken a tern for the wurst.
Censorship is ******* ********.
Vampires suck
Its impossible to cheat on your partner when youre single
Zombies hate anti-vaxxers
Alcohol is a perfect solvent: It dissolves marriages, families and careers.
You are sweeter than 3.14 
Someone asked me, do you mind sleeping on an empty stomach... I said, so long as it's not mine.
As an ex addict, it's normal to exhibit drug seeking behaviour from time to time, it's just the drug finding behaviour that I have to stay clear off.
I almost dropped my phone on my soft, carpeted floor but luckily I have lightning-fast reflexes and was able to slap it into the wall instead.
New doctor please be patient
I asked a girl I was seeing why she called me panda, she said "eats shoots and leaves"
Kleptomaniac may not be the most flattering thing someone's called me, but I'll take it
America has a foot fetish and I don't like it.
I didn't believe a guy I met who said he was an 80's pop star but he was adamant.
I told my dog to play dead and my dog was like, "Drivin' that train, high on cocaine..."
I needed to create storage space on my wall, so I went to the library and asked if they had any books on shelves.
How can you treat women like a toy, it has feelings.
How can you treat women like a toy, it has a feelings.
I'm reading a book about the history of glue and I can't put it down.
Used to hang out at the gym all the time, then a trainer told me to wear long pants.
The infamous schlong monologues failed as a broadway play because nobody wanted to see a show that was over in five minutes, and wait an hour for the encore.
Damn girl, is that ass Japanese? Because its really making me want to-fu
Children in the dark make accidents, but accidents in the dark make children
I bet the invention of the shovel was really ground breaking.
If Snoop Dogg dies before pot is made legal nationally, he'll be rolling in his grave.
A mushroom without the room is just a... room?
I learned that Tinder has those who are right for you, and those who are left.
A bathroom without a bath is just a room.
Chimneys throughout the world are going through the roof.
A bedroom without a bed is just a room.
I walked into a public restroom and there was a sign that said, wet floor, so I did.
Some people take steps to avoid elevators because, sure, they'll let you down, but they can be uplifting &amp; help take you to the next level.
You have to hand it to blind hookers since they can't see you coming.
Golfers are always trying to put their little white balls into mother earth's holes.
I've found being horny comes and goes.
I went to a seafood disco last week, but ended up pulling a mussel.
I was in the Library and asked if they had any books on shelves.
There's no "I" in team, but there is a backwards "me".
Lube company rebrands as 'Spartan' to compliment 'Roman' and 'Trojan'.
Most people use a cup for protection, I use a gallon.
Life is a nice morning drive down a long, winding road, and i am Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria
Fat should be like virginity, once you lose it, you can't get it back.
B-52 bombers are all about leveling the playing field
Life sucks and that's probably why most people are dicks.
Life sucks and that's what most people choose to be dicks.
I was hanging out at the swimming pool. Then someone told me, and I tucked it back in.
We couldn't decide to have grandma buried or cremated, so in the end we let her live.
Holocaust denial is a form of gaslight chambering.
Paw marks around Ayers Rock are called after dinner prints.
When I do UNO reverse , then the joke is ON U
Mathematicians never lie... cos it's a sin
68 is a preposition
My grandma has dementia, so I help by regularly reminding her its my birthday.
The human cannonball just lost his job, he wasnt fired.
There will be repercussions if a drummer ever comes out of retirement.
Every year hundreds of people are sent off to mime field, never to be heard from again.
The best reason not to argue with a woman,is that even if you happen to win, it only goes to make matters worse.
A breakfast of champions means something entirely different to a cannibal.
I used to wait until the adverts were on to have a cuppa but these days I find 143 cups of tea a day is too much
The Big Rip theory says the universe is going to end up in tears
In an effort to be more gender positive, I will now be referring to my ejaculatory fluid as sepeople
When attacked by a mob of clowns. Go for the juggler
I imagine drag racing wouldnt appeal to a gay guy as it involves straight passing and a lack of fire suits.
Norman Bates never ran a motel before but he figured that he could take a stab at it.
The new Mexican restaurant in my neighborhood is the taco the town
After finishing my haircut, the barber asked if I would like anything on it and I said yes, a pair of knickers, you've cut it like a cunt
I thought I saw my name on a loaf of bread today, but it actually said Thick Cut
The guy that invented tipp-ex lives down my road-correct me if I'm wrong
My mum's sister came spinning in the room-i thought, ohh my giddy aunt
The number 0 saw the number 8 and said 'Nice belt'
Was in bed and I asked my wife to try talking dirty to me - she said euurgh , your cock stinks
I saw an article that said, "1 in 3 are pedantic" and I thought to myself, "that caption would look far nicer if the numbers were written with letters".
Would a dormant volcano be considered a moot point?
Non binary prospector went to search for riches in high ground cause he heard theres gold in them/their hills
I'm selling a load of faulty guitars and tampons if anyone is interested-no strings attached
A few guys from my weightwatcher group were at a bar-i said Who's round? They all put their hands up but none of them.bought any drinks
Every single person has kicked a pregnant woman.
Never trust atoms; they make up everything.
Despite being paid Millions, Matt Damon kept forgetting which character he was on his latest movie-some people don't know they're Bourne.
I asked the Cockney shopkeeper how much for a bottle of shampoo, he said 'Pantene'
If you've seen one shopping centre, you've seen a Mall
Despite being paid Millions, Matt Damon kept forgetting which character he was on his latest movie. Some people don't know they're Bourne
I asked the Cockney shopkeeper how much for a bottle of shampoo. He said 'Pantene'
I asked the winemaker how he knew I had walked my sheep thru his crop, he said 'Herd it thru the grapevine'
The inventor of autocorrect has died; his funnel is tomato.
Did you know that step-sister is a relative term?
A deaf gynecologist enjoys reading lips
What starts with W and ends with T
I eat horses at least once a week. Its all part of my stable diet
Kids cant commit Adult-ery
I was happy that he won the Dairy farmer of the year award, but I think he's milking it.
Italy beat England, reddit has kept that quiet
A genie once asked me if I wanted a long penis or a long memory, but I forgot my response...
A genie asked me if I wanted a long penis or a long memory, but I forgot my response...
If you Google something shady, add "asking for a friend" so you don't get tracked
Italians called the contentious English fans pizza cutters because they were all edge with no point.
The Italians called contentious English fans pizza cutters because they were all edge with no point.
Whenever I think about the good ol' days, it just brings back so many memories.
In this country you're Guilty, until proven Wealthy.
I try not to hold in pee for too long because I like my kidneys 'not stoned'
Given the choice between down low or up high, a roofer always takes the ladder.
don't throw the baby out with the bathwater - it goes in the compost
Our daughter was born when it was very trendy to name kids after where they were conceived. So glad we didn't get drawn into that nonsense . So is our daughter, Just behind the burger van in the lay-by on the left hand side as you are approaching Moggerhanger Town centre Maisie Smith
Tennis Umpires are people who can say the words 'Love 40' and actually mean it.
Those pornstars have such a moanotonous voice..
I'm into truly perverted kinks and even I couldn't stomach WW84
bending your genitals is a dick move
My fellow researchers and I often refer to the "4 Horsemen of Quantitative Analysis." They are: 1. Incomplete Data,
Being "grounded" is being safer. In terms of parenting, biblical growth, well being, aviation, and electrical safety.
I like the word tinnitus. Has a nice ring to it.
Watt a shocking revelation, near revolting actually, to find out how many puns are electrical related currently.
Don't let the extra chromosome get you down
Steak is a rare medium well done.
People who make Zombie movies have a Net worth determined by their Gross value.
Did you know Uranus is a gas giant?
Whoever invented potato pancakes missed the chance to name them 'smash browns.'
My conspiracy joke really landed, just like those men on the moon.
As a horny and hungry Italian, all I want is for someone to send me noods.
Wait, If you slap Dwayne Johnsons Butt do you hit Rock Bottom?
Jokes about water never land.
Understand paranoid people better by following them around.
Cool guy dates hot girl, relationship soon turns lukewarm.
An optimist sees the glass as half-full...an optometrist helps make that happen.
I could definitely see myself working in a mirror factory.
Motherfuckers love dad jokes.
Got pretty drunk last night and took a bus home, which might not be a big deal to some of you, but I had never driven one.
Suicide bombers love boomer humour.
Vin Diesel doesn't do reverse cowgirl because you never turn your back in family.
A poor knowledge of Greek Mythology has always been my Achilles elbow.
Here's a question for all mind readers out there.......... ?
I went into a book store and there was a third off all titles. I bought The Lion, The Witch.
I find the best way to reduce red water whilst cooking, is to drink most of it.
I have an inferiority complex, but it really isn't a very good one.
Never play the trumpet barefoot, it is a shoehorn.
There's so much cringe around us even usage of the word feels cringe.
Im so bad at telling one liners that even the ones about September 11, 2001 arent landing
People in a coma are alive but oblivious of what is happening around them, as are people in Supermarkets.
I saw a bloke pushing a lion and a witch into a wardrobe, I asked What are you doing.. he replied shut up you, its Narnia business
Flamingos love water sports
My Michael Jackson jokes never land.
If this is your first time tasting my mothers famous afterbirth stew, I think you will be placentally surprised.
I was walking along when from out of nowhere a hippy jumps out of the bushes and rams 3 jossticks up my arse. Annoyed? I was f***ing incensed
"Maybe it's a sign" he thought to himself, while noticing a rectangle looking shadow further down the road.
After our party last night, I noticed somebody had left some Play-Do on the tableI dont know what to make of it
My dad nominated himself as employee of the month at the Samsonite factory. To be fair he does make a very good case
Wasabi peas are the snack version of being pistol-whipped.
When do tyre fitters retire ?
What if there were no hypothetical questions?
Cow farts from the dairy air .
If I ever win the lotto, I'm going to name my boat "One#off"
Buying a Cemetery plot miles away from my family was a grave mistake.
August is just gold wind.
I like my women like I like my hot tubs, so hot I can only stay in them for 30 seconds.
I'm at that age where I can only enjoy Alphabetti pasta with my reading glasses on.
It's hard for a foot to stand out in a crowd because all feet are walking legends.
Holy mackerel! I tried fly-fishing the other day and got in trouble for getting a hook in my friends zipper exposing his guppy to the world.
If someone is caught masturbating in a stall wouldnt they charged with disturbing the pees?
Exaggerations went up by a million percent last year.
Blessed are those who sit on pin, for they shall rise again.
My hypomimia is as plain as the nose on my face.
Finger paintings are my favourite kind of digital media.
I started going to the gym in order to lose some weight and for the first few weeks, I was just finding my feet.
Lesson 1-Drawing the Head
100 Best One-Liner Compilation Video https://youtu.be/PwlGHxaIV7o
Congrats to those small dick truck drivers that fly the flag like thier Christmas lights in July. ..you're a little more valid today.
A dwarf counted his money to see if he could get Starbucks but, unfortunately he came up short.
The best part about hearing fireworks going off at 4AM is imagining the jerk losing a hand
I tried to put my hair in a pony tail, but it ran away every time.
If at first you don't succeed, give up.
I asked the librarian if there were any books on how to make money from giving massages. She said 'Paperback?' I said yes, that makes the most sense
I tried to park on a private road to pop and get my hair done. As I pulled up, a traffic warden said 'Permit?'. I said I will do when Ive parked
Confused Handyman brings belt to a Tool show.
I used one of those baby changing stations but, it's useless because my kid is still a baby.
7,000 people are treated in emergency rooms for injuries sustained from fireworks, so don't be a statistic, let your friend light the fuse. Happy 4th of July!!
Colourblind snooker players don't know what they're missing.
My nephew was caught eating electrical cords, so my sister grounded him until he conducts himself properly.
A lot of people hate ring shaped islands, but I don't think they're bad atoll.
Physical beauty is always taken at face value.
I tried Fly Fishing today, and considering it was my first time I think it went quite well - I managed to catch 3 bluebottles and a mosquito.
My three favourite things are eating my family and not using commas
I wondered why the ball was getting bigger, and then it hit me.
My extra sensitive shaving gel gets really jealous when I buy other shaving gels.
Bill Cosby is a serial sex offender, but a miniature fencing sword is a little rapier.
Most hands have 4 fingers, as a general rule of thumb.
The price of helium is soaring
I never expected to be framed for stealing paintings.
I live just a stone's throw away from the family that all died of mysterious head injuries.
Everyone who is dead on Mount Everest was once a highly motivated person, so maybe calm down.
Rainbows are not heavy, in fact, theyre actually pretty light.
Is there life after death? I'm dying to find out.
I know by composting my body I can help to grow
When the lottery winner dropped her cash winnings on the ground by mistake and ran them over with her car, she said, "I hit the jackpot!"
When the lottery winner dropped her cash winnings on the ground by mistake and ran them over, she said, "I hit the jackpot!"
MAGA hats are just the white people version of all-black Air Force 1s.
I heard that after a disappointing summer, Humpty Dumpty had a great fall
Imagine being an American and being proud of it. 
My mate Alfresco won't eat inside...
I enjoy making fat jokes because they target a wider audience.
"Are we gonna have venison tonight?". "Yes, dear"
Cannibals make me dinner.
My friends been invited to a reggae party this weekend and asked me to do his hair for him. Im dreading it.
I'm starting to realize I've only ever used sex to fill a hole.
Veganism is like masturbation, both can fill you up, but it's the meat that give the actual happiness.
Tennis Umpires are people who can say 'Love 40' without lying to themselves.
Colourblind Snooker players don't know what they're missing.
No matter where I go, I like to bring my ukulele, then, whenever someone asks if I play an instrument, I say, I play a little guitar!"
What was the mummys favorite type of music? Wrap.
Are We Not Men?
A shortage of grizzlies has led the population to a bear minimum.
Its hard to look good without my glasses.
I don't bother tying my shoes because why knot?
The first successful vacuum cleaner must have sucked.
Before Michael Jackson died he was due to perform in a Broadway Musical, Diddler on the Roof.
My friend, Mason, recently got divorced. He's now a freemason.
Kurt Gdel is my favourite mathematician because
I cant put this book about antigravity down
When everything is coming your way ..... youre in the wrong lane!
Most members of the sith are pretty bad at math unless you Count Dooku.
It's been hard to beat my addiction to masterbation.
It's been hard to beat my addiction to masturbation
There are only 2 kinds of bread; naan, and non-naan.
I overheard some lady telling Michael Jackson that he was in her sun, then it dawned on me that it was overcast and raining!
Never date a tennis player, love means nothing to them.
Im not trying to be an assholeit just happens naturally.
Interesting title
This may make me sound big-headed, but I can't get my jumper on.
When I die, I want to be cremated so that people can say that I urn'd it.
When I first learned about gravity, I was compelled immediately. And I found magnets VERY attractive.
I act dumb to be funny and then forget im funny cause im dumb
I can play dumb very smart.
My chicken proof lawn is impeccable.
I got tired of debating the scarecrow because he had nothing but a straw man argument.
Man Crowned Miss Nevada USA, First In Pageant History ...Just more proof that men are better than women at everything. Of course this is /sarc
Before was was was, was was is
You hear about the CIA bakery? They were on a knead to dough basis.
My eye doctor told me I was color blind. That diagnosis came completely out of the purple.
First-time posting here. So I click "Join", right? Promptly was instructed to "Leave." How unkind!
Tom Petty hates shallow water because the wading is the hardest part.
I dont get why people use OnlyFans when they could buy an air conditioner.
Falling asleep before actually going to bed should be called a "nappetizer".
Every bloomin thing in the world is either a motorbike or not a motorbike.
No one has ever been in a empty room.
I watched my dog chase his tail for 10 minutes and thought "Wow, dogs are so easily entertained'". Then I realised just watched my dog chase his tail for 10 minutes.
I think most of you probably already know about the first rule of Assumption Club.
Its okay Jussie, we all make mistakes, dont beat yourself up
When you use your computer to make crypto you mine your own business.
I bought a push-up bra, I could still just do 6.
It is a known fact around the wizarding world that catchers of snitches get stitches.
Don't hate on the lazy people. They didn't do anything.
Simba was walking too slow, so i told him Mufasa.
Fridge for sale, it doesn't work but you can use it as a wardrobe.
Never try to save a hippie from drowning because they're too far out, man.
If the heavyweight championship is undisputed, then what's all the fighting about?
When the blind prostitute said that I was the biggest she's ever had, she was just pulling my leg.
My satanic cult neighbors have been giving me hell all week.
Just saw two very attractive women dressed as barcodes, but I think they were an item.
Had my second Covid jab today, she put it in my leg though and now my Pfzier hurting.
One Christmas we were so poor, mom cut holes in our pockets so we'd have something to play with.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you could weigh a newborn baby.
I have a few jokes about unemployed people but none of them work.
I tried using my penis as a paintbrush but it was too hard.
You really don't wanna masturbate until you REALLY wanna masturbate.
Is it possible to mistake schizophrenia for telepathy..I hear you ask ?
Gangster movies are for people who like to live in a different world for a couple of hours, and Star Wars movies are for people who like to live on another planet.
Vampires suck!
I dont want to buy anything if its going to suck. So I bought a broom and a dustpan.
Ever since self defense became mainstream, sex has become a rarity for me.
Pillowfights are more interesting when you're homeless.
I have a polish friend who is a sound engineer...and a Czech one too
I'm doing my best to remove the word 'chocolate' from my vocadbury.
I'm taking steps to deal with my escalator phobia.
Ghosts never lie, they're very transparent people.
My neighbor has pot holes in his driveway i refuse to fix because its not my asphalt.
My friend once messaged me and said, "When you sit on a toilet, you're connecting your butthole to a city wide network of connected buttholes' how do i unthink this
My only crime is taking a seat from the plumbing department
Its better to keep your mouth shut and appear stupid than open it and remove all doubt.
I don't know who needs to hear this, but it doesn't matter cause it's in writing.
If cats had wings, I bet theyd still just lay there
When asked why the never performed in the Middle East, Flock of Seagulls simply said "Iran's so far away."
My current wife is never thrilled when I introduce her as my current wife
I had a great joke about boxing but I forgot the punch line
I haf a great joke about boxing but I forgot the punch line
Why do squirrels love nuts? Because they're crazy!
Did you hear Mr. T is doing a Nyquil commercial? He pity's the flu!
I get a kick out of losing at Taekwondo
Man in his 40s buys motorcycle, changes the term Midlife Crisis to Endlife Crisis.
I never knew how many faults I had until I got married.
How do you know if your 'Sour Cream' has gone off ?
Every time someone starts a statement with Im no genius..., I know Im only going to agree with that first part.
Blood is a non-Newtonian fluid, so ironically, it isnt thicker than water.
You only turn 21 twice, said Marty McFly
Influenza - an Italian youtube star
Robots don't have brothers, they have tran-sisters.
When I told my therapist about my compulsion to methodically disrupt live musical performances, she said, Thats disconcerting!
I had no idea what ghee was until someone clarified it for me.
6:30 is the best time on a clock. Hands down.
Covid19 is the worst game of "Tag, you're it.", I've ever played.
Walmart should start selling CPU viruses called WalMare
Here's an interesting fact about my ex-wife:
My friend keeps trying to convince me that hes a compulsive liar but I dont believe him.
Just because nobody complains doesnt mean all parachutes are perfect.
This post is just as useful as a Red light in GTA V.
I wish everything was as easy as gaining weight.
Is it possible to throw a surprise party for a psychic ?
I know, but and I... no butt! have such different meanings.
I love church, granted its no Dairy Queen but they sure do have some great Sundays!
My girlfriend was really hurt after I told her that I like BDSM.
Emotion without reason is dangerous, but reason without emotion is often even worse.
I'm so hard that as a fetus I would kick in the womb just to learn new swear words from Mother.
5 reasons why half-moth, half-butterfly hybrids make the BEST Motherflies.
The Hogwarts sorting hat now works at The GAP helping teens pick the right dress for plown night.
IKEA now offers their most frugal customers 50% off and credit lines on their latest Barbie and LEGO sets.
Hello, mi llamo is Guillermo "mejjjjjico" Trumpzales and I'm a bastard...
Join Pseudo-scientology today and win a welcome shot or a free t-shirt!
Welcome back to the only zombie cooking show where we cook exotic humans from Aaallllll Over!
Novak Djokovic has filthy carpets.
I like women who are like elevators because they let me go down on them and spread wide open when I'm there
God finally figured out how to uninstall McAfee
Nemo Was A Pea Green Pea
Social Media reveals a lot about people: if a daughter's first reaction to her father telling her it's time to unplug for a while is to reach behind her ... they both have issues.
Tequila is not the answer, but its worth a shot.
My laptop says I should plug in or "find an alternative power source". That's 30 or 40 years of developmental research for me, then.
Alcohol does not solve your problems but neither does milk.
69% of people find something dirty in every sentence.
I wonder how many calories I burn when I run away from my problems.
Long distance relationship is like an online multiplayer game.
The number of people who confuse between to and too is damn two high.
Does anyone know if you need a current licence to drive an electric car ?
My parents used to give me pocket money, but I never used it to buy better pockets.
Life is too short for my book of five letter words.
Cant stand how fake some people get when they're in the wax museum.
If it makes you feel better, my therapist looks like Carol Baskin and she quit because of me.
All humans evolved from apes, except for those who dont believe in evolution.
I like to use big confusing words like discombobulate, obfuscation, and bemusement, also Buffalo.
All the while we are living, we are dying
I hear the Bloods are getting ready to introduce a new alternative to Cryptocurrency
You can't get my grandma to talk without buying her a knitting needle, so to speak.
Just because youre not paranoid doesnt mean they arent out to get you.
Just because your not paranoid doesnt mean they arent out to get you.
The only reason I still eat raisins is because they look like nipples.
They say two wrongs don't make a right, but two blunts got me feeling pretty damn aight.
Paintings - Jamaican painkillers.
Identity theft is the sincerest form of flattery
People who dont know the difference between entomology and etymology really bug me in ways I can't put into words.
Getting a neck tattoo is someone's way of saying: Sure, minimum wage is fine for me.
Is it possible to throw a surprise party for a psychic?
some say good things come in threes but one things for certain my local supermarket doesnt think good things come in pairs
they say good things come in threes. i disagree, i think good things come in pairs. my local supermarket dont see it that way though.
No matter how much I push the envelope, it's still stationery.
Earlier today, I got mugged; someone stole my coffee cup.
I'm afraid for the calendar ..... because its days are numbered.
Pandas are biracial.
High fives are the best way to celebrate anything, hands down
We live in a age where we have to prove to machines that we are not machines.
Preemptive recursion is the way of the way
When I say "I eat ass" I mean that tongue in cheek.
Football like Maddie, is not coming home.
They say that money talks, but all mine ever says is goodbye.
An insect landed on my soft French cheese, briefly.
Did prison interrogators in the early 1900's say to the well known Soviet leader "Quit Stalin!" ?
My humour is like hydrogen sulfide, it stinks.
The reason you dont know what ponies sound like is because theyre always a little hoarse
A promiscuous male donkey is a real He-haw.
There's no "I" in Denial.
Father's Day is a day when dad's can lie on their back and do nothing, and for some it's how they became father's in the first place.
When Fathers Day and the Summer Solstice fall on the same day, itd be nice to finally hear, I love you, Sun.
Ben was accused of murder cause Ben there done that.
Pull a chair, and sit on my face.
Happy Fathers Day mother fuckers
I'm hydrophobic, i hate mermaids.
Monogamy: first, do no harem.
Is not being a Capitalist a capital offence?
There was a cute dog in the gym. I personally think its unfur that I can't bring mine :(
Just had my first shot and I'm gonna get my second one as soon as the bartender comes back around.
Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.
Light travels faster than sound, which is why some people appear bright before you hear them speak.
So you're telling me this monkey owns a business?
Suicide shouldnt be stated as a tragedy.. more of a head start.
She was Ronaldo to my CocaCola.
I'm constantly suffering from an allergic reaction- I'm allergic to Porn, I swell up every time I watch it
Ive recently been told to stop calling things gay, so Im going to start calling things queer instead.
You have to try these new beakless chickens, theyre impeccable.
A stock market crash is worse than a divorce...you lose half your money and your wife is still around.
I used to think that a "lunatic" was a bloodsucking insect shaped like the moon.
When you're playing midget limbo, you're setting the bar real low.
I spotted an albino Dalmatian; it was the least I could do for him.
The flat earth society have made a new film, which has just won the Golden Globe award.
We should invent a catchy song to remind ourselves that there's an "M" at the start of "mnemonics".
Im starting a restaurant called NFTs, where we serve tokens which certify that you own a meal served at the restaurant next to us.
Jokes about German sausage are the wurst!
If you buy a bigger bed - You have more bed room, but less bedroom.
If you eat aluminum, you will sheet metal.
All eggs are poached eggs if you steal them.
If anyone wants a pack of dead batteries, they're free of charge.
I'd feel bad about being responsible for the destruction of so many innocent creatures, if imitation crabs weren't so delicious.
I am at the age where my back goes out more than I do.
Your body is just an advertisement for your sperm/egg.
Anyone wanna hear the true stories I made up?
One day I thought I would try the French demo from Rosetta Stone, but the installer was in Dutch.
Oh no, I have to get the fart smell out of my hotel room toot suite
What's the most important part of telling a joke the timing.
I walked passed a window sale TV $1, but the volume stuck on full, I can't turn that down
When life gives you mallons, you make Dislexia
My friend had the Guinness World Records for the most pidgens on him. What a Ledge
Why is it when the sun blacks out on a Monday afternoon it's considered a "natural phenomenon" but when I do it's considered a "problem."
Everyone wants to make plants taste like meat; how come no one is trying to make meat taste like plants?
I bet life is difficult for guys actually selling tickets to gun shows.
The other day my girlfriends dad found out I took her virginity and In my defense I said, "It won't happen again."
Brutalist architecture might become popular, but nothing is set in concrete yet.
"Debt bondage" isn't kinky sex with owed money.
I know a man who accidentally fell into a wheat mill; hes fine now.
Funerals are just family reunions minus one person.
I mowed every lawn in the neighborhood today, the whole nine yards.
Blinds were invented for people who don't want to call it curtains.
Becoming a vegetarian is one big missed steak.
For the record, i bought a turntable.
my chinese name is So Long
National Calendar Illiteracy Day is June 31st.
If you think Flat Earthers are stupid, think about The Smashing Pumpkins band. They think the world is a vampire
Have bred a Cocker Spaniel with a Rottweiler. Will likely have Cock-Rott very soon.
Prince Phillip was said to have spent much of his spare time bingeing on the Queen's Gambit. He also enjoyed watching the Netflix series about chess
Prince Phillip was said to have spent much of his spare time binging on the Queen's Gambit. He also enjoyed watching the Netflix series about chess
Someone stole my mood ring; I don't know how I feel about that.
Only one of my friends parents are from Denmark. Does that make him Danish or Dan(ish)
Cannibalism can solve both of the world's hunger and overpopulation problem.
You know Chris Browns been cheating when he has another girls lipstick on his fist.
I went to a wildlife park and all they had was one dog. It was a Shih Tzu.
I like my women like I like my beer - bitter, frigid, and full of yeast.
Baseball is great. But tennis is a whole other ballgame.
I wrote a book about a transexual with a speech impediment; it's called Man or Myth.
Proctologist appointments are pretty quick unless they're running behind.
My nightstand disappears during the day
History tests were so much easier 1000 years ago
They call my peen a Ween because it's size is a massive W
My parents always said to "work smarter, not harder" but no porn directors are going to hire me if I'm flaccid but wearing a suit.
Dick is just Richard that's been circumcised.
I make mistakes; Ill be the second to admit it.
Remember when people had diaries &amp; got mad when someone read them? Now they put everything online and get mad when people don't.
I don't trust Atoms, they just make everything up.
Stop scrolling - your keep moving this goal post
The reason Tiger Woods went to Stanford is that he had a Tiger Mom
Attractive doctors and nurses never get accurate pulse readings from their patients.
I live close to a guy who has a record number of concussions, like really close, just a stone's throw away.
I asked all 15 of my siblings what our parents did to alleviate boredom and none of them knew.
Birthday gifts are rewards for not dying this year.
Ill never forget what my grandfather said to me just before he died. You still holding the fucking ladder?
I injected some herion that sucked called " the lord" , I took it in vien
The accomplishments of rabbits are feats of luck
When
You hear that the bowlers union is on strike?
A good sign for a strip club during the daytime is: Sorry, we're clothed.
According to one study, some people cherry pick information.
If Humans go extinct, literally no one will care.
My heart says 'YES', but my ankle monitor says 'NO'
Do heavy metal bands have lead guitars ?
My favorite Renaissance painter is Splinter.
How did you say you spell pirate? Is that with one eye or two?
"Miscount" isn't the name of a beauty pageant that knows maths.
Applied for a job at the Boomerang company but they never got back to me.
Someone gave me the phone number for a bunch of syringes, so I ended up calling the shots.
Being ambivalent has its pros and cons.
Shouldn't the word "ambiguous" have more than one meaning?
Just got my Pfizer vaccine and no side effects other than this 6 hour erection.
The preferred pronouns of a chocolate bar would be her/she.
My next door neighbours have made a sex tape; they don't know it yet
If birds couldn't fly, would they still shit on your windshield?
I told my friends that I wouldn't be around for their party but I also don't want to be a square.
98% of all Jeeps ever made are still on the road today, and the other 2% made it home.
I like to call myself a freethinker, however the police are adamant that the proper term is "shoplifter".
Random thought...Was Jesus the first documented cross dresser?
I struggle a lot with impostor syndrome, but what do I know?
Apparently "geriatrics" isn't a compilation video of football games where the main character from Seinfeld scores three goals.
I bought a 12 year old scotch; his parents weren't pleased.
The movie "Ratatouille" in japanese dub is called "Itadakimouse".
the meaning of the word uncharted is yet to be known
I have OCD and ADD, which means everything has to be perfect, but not for very long.
Wiki says garbanzo beans and chick peas are the same thing, but I doubt it because I wouldn't pay a garbanzo to bean on me.
Just saw a bunch of Mexicans celebrating in a car. It was a Fiesta.
If I sell one of my kidneys for more crypto, Ill be sure to hodl on to the other one.
Unsuccessful geniuses and idiot savants are oxymorons.
Asked my wife what makes her complain and whine around the same time each month. She said Hormones. I said yeah, But why.
Absence makes the fart grow longer
I accidentally filled my Escort with diesel the other day. She died.
If you stop and think about it, flavoured lube is technically meat seasoning.
yesterday I was thinking about getting a brain transplant surgery done, then I changed my mind.
Russian nesting dolls are so full of themselves.
russian nesting dolls are so full of themselves
The worst feeling in the world is not having a job and having a job.
Once you are at the top of Mt. Everest its all downhill from there
I know that newly divorced people need a bit of space from their ex, but Jeff Bezos is taking the piss.
My wife said I have no sense of direction so I packed my bags and right.
Imagine if one day we unlock the other 98% of milk.
My buddy tried to sell me $20 deer leg nunchucks, but I felt they should be under a buck.
Bad spellers have the best passwords.
I moved the treadmill outside, so I could smoke.
All Jay-Z's problems have been undone by his brother, Ctrl-Z.
'Because' - A word to the why's.
Did Noah include termites on the ark?
Why does it hurts when you bite your tongue by accident but it doesn't hurt when you bite your tongue on purpose? And why are you biting your tongue right now?
Possession is 9/10ths of the law and not officially recognized by the Catholic church.
Bill Clinton experimented with marijuana in snow and in sleet, but he didn't in hail.
I am so inadequate in life that I moved into an inferiority complex.
When it comes to dealing with pandemics hindsight is 2020
I'll never forget old whats-his-face.
Misogynistic jokes aren't funny... Just like women.
I thought I would've sold all of this golf equipment by now, but I'm not out of the woods yet
I hide my money so well that I can't find it
The fastest way to lose weight is amputation. But dont do that!
Old McDonald had dyslexia, I, O, I, O, E.
Tunnels have low self esteem because no one ever builds them up.
TIL pigeons die after having sex...well at the least one I fucked did
Did you guys know the average person eats nine spiders whenever I cook for them?
When I was a kid, my family used to move around a lot, but now they're all fat as cows.
When I was a kid, my family used to move around a lot, but now they're all famine resistant.
Hey !! Is it wrong to wash down a liver detox pill with vodka ?
There's 2 things i hate in life... 1. People who don't finish their jokes.
I once came close to committing suicide. I killed the guy next to me.
Swimming with dolphins is expensive but, swimming with sharks cost me an arm and a leg.
My math teacher called me average...that's so mean!
Ive got a dog with no legs, so taking him out for a walk is a real drag.
I was voted time traveller of the year 2172.
Peter Parker wont do it but his Aunt may.
I fly like a butterfly and sting like a butterfly with a stinger.
After my fifth visit to the doctor this week and thousands of dollars worth of expensive tests, he told me what my therapists been telling me all along: Youre a hypochondriac
As a big fish in a little pond, I do sea opportunity.
Eating healthy doesn't make you live longer ... It just *SEEMS* longer!
I wonder if people in lightbulb factories feel pressure to come up with new ideas.
I'm not fucking stupid, I used to, but we broke up.
libtards are morans and their to stupid to except facts that dont sapport there narative cause they dont no anything u should of lisened in school than u wouldn't be so dum your ruining are country u have no sence get a brian loosers
libtards are morans and their to stupid to except facts that dont sapport there narative cause they dont no anything u should of listen in school than u wouldn't be so dum your ruining are country u have no sence get a brian loosers
I enjoy hanging out with midgets, theyre really down to earth.
Looks like the mods get a whole month.
I enjoy watching most sports but boxing for me is hit or miss.
Don't kill criminals, they are getting reincarnated...
Eating a strict low-carb diet will add 20 years to your life, all miserable
I came on the bus this morning, fortunately I think I managed to explain it away as an asthma attack.
I've always wish I had the attention that a stalker gives, that is until I actually got one.
The dog who found out that Timmy was stuck is well-trained!
I never cuddled my mother as a child, because she didn't give birth to me until she was an adult.
Found this cracking Welsh porn site.... Ewe Porn.
I was kicked out from the hospital bacause I told the Covid patients to stay positive.
If life gave me lemons I'd make lemonade. If life gave me lemonade I'd probably try to reconstruct the lemon. You got to fill the time some way.
No, I never said I wanted you to feed me alphabet soup, so stop putting words in my mouth!
"Chinese checkers" aren't people whose expertise lie in observing the legitimacy of certain Asians.
I don't like hotdogs; in fact, quite the opposite, I like coldcats.
You are guaranteed one of two sad things about your childs life: youll never get to see the whole thing or you will.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
A drunken organ donor walks into a bar and says "you wanna piece of me?"
I decided to go on a vegan diet but, to tell you the truth, they don't taste any different.
It takes real guts to be an organ donor.
Clown noses: they smell funny.
Circles and spheres are simply pointless
I recently went a wedding that was so sad, even the cake was in tiers
My friend who never farts in public is a private tutor
Humpty dumpty noticed he was late getting to the wall so he scrambled to make breakfast.
if bruno bars was honest for four beats that would be a frank bruno mars bar
Someone a lot smarter than me once said feigned humility is endearing.
My hometown is so transphobic people won't talk to the mail lady.
The best part about dead baby jokes is that they never get old.
Clark Kent didn't get into trouble as a child because he had supervision.
My friend asked me how I felt about suspense. He hasnt text back yet.
DUI lawyers should buy ad space on Taco Bell hot sauce packets.
When you have IBS, all burger joints are in-and-out.
If someone from 1921 said they liked music from the 80s theyd would be a time traveller.
Why do pennies not float? They zinc.
If someone said I like music from the 80s in 1921, theyd be talking about Tchaikovsky.
Drug addicts are at an all-time high.
Lets just say when you have hemorrhoids, shit gets complicated
People tell me that brushing your teeth against the pavement is healthy, but if I was on the fluoride think otherwise.
Today I am in NO MOOD! he shouted, removing and angrily hurling his Mood Ring across the room.
Ive just sold my homing pigeon for the 22nd time on EBay.
The vaccine didnt fix my life, but it was worth a shot
The vaccine wont fix my life, But its worth a shot
The Nvidia RTX 3080 ti release
I thought the dunk tank was rigged, but the carny assured me it was a fair game.
So a shitty limbo player walks into a bar...
I asked my friend how he felt about suspense. Hes still waiting for my response.
Vertebraes should actually be called Vertebros, because they always got your back.
Im not gay, but my boyfriend is.
Never trust a man who beats his meat first thing in the morning
You're worse than a stinky fart in a hot shower.
If you die and get cremated, your ashes can be put into an hourglass and be part of family game night.
My fried Tye died, you should have seen his shirt.
My friend fell flat on the pavement carrying open end wrenches to a mechanic, it was gut wrenching.
I once stuck a vacuum nozzle up my ass, and that shit sucked.
Ive learned to never get in a car with an LGBT person, since they can never drive straight.
d is just a with a boner
(Not oc) Dwarf Shortage
If pelicans werent optimistic, theyd be called pelicants
My friend is addicted to brake fluid, but he says he can stop any time!
YouTube ads are longer than my study session.
If you can think of a better fish pun, let minnow
I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked, Is it to scale? I replied, No" Its to look at.
How scary would it be if the voice inside your head stopped working?
My ex was an angel. Lucifer
Ive always been a pussy magnet; but Im just the wrong pole.
I'm fat but I identify as skinny, I'm translender
A lot of Halloween vandalism is probably due to children's peers egging them on.
I sure hope Death is a woman, that way, it never comes for me.
are u the french revolution cause i fell head over heals for you
Glass chairs are a pane in the ass.
To person who invented hemp shampoo, the weed is getting to your head
When will my Kidneys grow into Adultneys
You park on the driveway and drive on the parkway.
A blonde went crazy on me and tried to stab me with a block of cheese that said "Extra Sharp"
Counting past thirty-nine is not my forte.
Some people are wary of cross-dressers. I'm not. Men wearing mini-dresses show a lot of balls.
If time is money then why is my lazy unemployed brother-in-law broke?
They say graffiti is not serious, but I'd say the writings on the wall
Why do they call it rush hour, when no one moves ?
Equine management is a stable career
My imaginary friend thinks you've serious mental problems.
My wife told me to stop singing beloved, and I thought she was joking; then I saw her face
Sewer workers are the most depressive people I know. They're always down in the dumps.
Toilets are the original grocery delivery. Except they send the groceries in the opposite direction.
The invention of the wheel was revolutionary.
Breaking Bad used a lot of meth-head actors.
Once upon a time there was a Grandma, She died at very young age
Whoever gave Einstein a handjob had a stroke of genius.
They say masturbation makes you blind. But I couldn't see why
A horse trainer must be a pretty stable job
Just because I rock, doesn't mean I'm made of stone!
Hyperbolic is another way of saying you have a high sperm count.
I regret buying a bubble wrap suit, everybody keeps having a pop at me.
Id be a vegetarian if butchers didnt exist.
If I got $300 every time someone lied to me, imagine my parents telling me they love me.
I would make a joke about dementia but I forgot what the joke was
A will is a dead giveaway!
I started not to like having sex in the missionary position, so I stopped being a priest and changed careers.
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball? "Hrrrk"
I took a job as the head of Old McDonalds farm... Im the CIEIO
Beer is the secret to catching fish because in order to think like a fish, you have to drink like a fish.
Taking a dog named Shark to the beach was a mistake
The midget strip club down the street is hiring, they must be short staffed.
Rocks sinks, which is why rocking the boat is usually done by whistleblowers.
Rocks sink wich explains why rocking the boat is usually done by whistleblowers
Muslim women have the bomb ass pussy.
I hate it when men treat sex objects as women !!
I told the travel agent I like extreme sports and bargains, so I signed up for waterboarding in Guantanamo bay! Sounds great!
Why do our noses run but our feet smell
Someone stole my thesaurus, which is very very very bad.
I hate it when treat sex objects as women
I hear the situation in Gaza Israeli bad :/
Someone stole my thesaurus. That made me feel very very very bad.
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research
What does Justin Trudeaus Exes call him ? just in Trudeau.
Whats the difference between a joke thats too puny and a joke thats too punny?
My wife told me to stop singing believer. I thought she was joking. Then I saw her face
The snake pit at the zoo was accidentally filled in. Now the snakes don't have a pit to hiss in!
After a bad summer, Humpty Dumpty had a great fall!
The doctor that invented wood flavored daiquiris died&gt; I will miss that hickory daiquiri doc!
Silence is golden... Duct tape is silver
What does the spokesperson at a bicycle wheel company actually do?
Every now and then I like to do as I'm told, just to confuse people.
Mothers of teenagers understand why some animals eat their young .
I think when this whole Corona Virus thing is over, I'm going to celebrate with a nice night in.
It's entirely possible that people don't put unwanted cats in boxes on the side of the road, and instead they just put out an empty box that a bunch of stray cats in the area just came to sit in it.
Coulrophobia is no laughing matter.
Beer is the reason I get out of bed every afternoon.
Fall Out Boy will never open for Eric Clapton
I was convinced that the orthopedic shoes wouldn't help me, but I stand corrected.
After watching some people drive, I now know why there is braile on drive-through ATMs.
A dormant volcano is a volcannot.
It's hard to trust barbers after seeing their hairstyles
Whats the worst thing for a deaf person with HIV?...Hearing AIDS
A beggar asked me for money. I didn't want it to be wasted on drugs and alcohol, so i gave it to him.
I'm not saying it was a mistake letting my wife control the thermostat but two Hobbits just showed up and threw a ring into our bedroom.
Every movie is a horror movie if you are scared of movies.
When someone close to you dies, move seats.
Throwing acid is wrong, in some people's eyes.
Do Transformers get car or life insurance?
The hardest part about taking a cold shower are the nipples.
People born on 24th July celebrate 24/7.
Did you know Mortal Kombat is based on an old Scandinavian church song? It's a Finnish Hymn.
I've found that tiny houses are not a good fit for me
The sex scenes in the Bond Films are great; I just wish he would roger more.
Lemon Jews are Hasidic
I'm so poor that if I were a disease my prognosis would also be poor
Grammar. The difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit.
My priest told me that masturbation was wrong in the eyes of Christ and that Id have to clean off the Jesus statue.
Soapmakers are always talking lyes
We were so poor growing up that for breakfast we had Ordinary K
The day I became an adult was when I realized HBO had other programs besides Real Sex
Constipated people are full of shit
My daughter asked if I could braid her hair and the result was a parentally knot.
My business selling chandeliers made from breasts has gone tits up
Do chiroproctors proctor chireleaders?
Medical students graduating online should be called Google docs
My doctor has warned me to stop having intimate dinners for 4 unless there are 3 other people present.
This tequila tastes like Im not going to work tomorrow
If Rats are hungry, Do they feel humans running in their stomach?
Anyone who still thinks the police aren't racist obviously hasn't heard Sting's fake Jamaican accent
The Brexit Botox shortage is what's making the Headlines.
In terms of land use, cemeteries are just dead space.
My wife got sick of my corny jokes and told me to go shuck myself.
If hell is other people, you'd think more of them would be hotter.
If hell is other people, I'd think more of them would be hotter.
I was wondering why the frisbee looked like it was getting bigger - then it hit me.
My mate David has had his ID stolen.... now he's just Dav
I have been biking more kilometers than miles.
My math exam told me to "solve for x," so I refused - I don't owe that cheating ass anything!
Kayak is reversible
I'm older and don't much listen to the blues these days...now, when I was a YOUNG man...
I love staying sober on drunken nights out, you can binge watch Friends and The Walking dead at the same time.
I quit my job as a scuba diving instructor after giving my first lesson, because deep down, I realized it just wasnt for me.
If the reverse gear fails in your car, theres no going back.
Uranus is a gaseous giant
Viagra wont make you James Bond.... but it will make you roger moore!
My grandpa squats 365.
Knowledge is knowing tomato is a fruit... Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
A broken heel will really put you on your toes.
So dogs can sniff out covid in 2 seconds, more evidence that it came from a lab
As I was walking through the meadow, I came across three deep holes in the ground that were filled with water and I thought to myself: "well, well, well. What do we have here?"
[NSFW] I forgot everything is backwards in Australia when I asked a lady to have sex.
You know you're getting older when Happy Hour is a NAP.
My delusions of grandeur are much too important to tell you.
Just a thought....How do nudists clean their glasses ?
Good punctuation is a sentence that's well written and bad punctuation is a sentence that's, well, written.
Polyamorous people don't have Exes- just polygons.
The microbiologist was taller than I expected
Thesauruses are brilliant, there's no other word for it.
I was disappointed to find out that Dunkirk wasn't actually a autobiography of William Shatner.
I think equestrians are really tacky
As a lover I'm about as good as a magician on the radio.
Aah yes. Pierre. The dehydrated Frenchman!
Did you hear about the plastic surgeon who hung himself?
25% of a pool is P
Without nipples, boobs would be pointless
Bought a stamp commemorating prostitution for 50 cents but if you want to lick it its $1.
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not so sure.
I wanted to tell a USPS joke, but these days people might not get it anymore.
I recently decided to sell my vacuum cleaner as all it was doing was gathering dust.
The world tongue-twister champion just got arrested. I hear they're gonna give him a really tough sentence.
A perfectionist walked into a bar...apparently, the bar wasnt set high enough.
God, theyre dying to get into that graveyard.
Eurovision the Special Olympics of the music world
I bought a 12 year old scotch the other day...his parents weren't pleased.
Houses are selling for such crazy prices that no one can afford to buy them anymore
Those who are lactose intolerant get dairy air from their derrire
The gallows are a really popular hang out spot if you ask me.
Thanks to genetics, I can't eat whatever I want and still get fat.
I always take my daughter out at 12-59pm because I love that one to one time.
My friend's father Tye, died; you should see his shirt.
You either have a naked neighbour, or you are the naked neighbour.
Im not homophobic, the gays are afraid of me
Sliced bread is reversible.
I'm bald, so the only thing my wife runs her fingers thru is my wallet.
People that need to smoke in order to live run on fumes.
The worst thing Al-Qaeda could do would be to break Jerry Sandusky out of prison.
I went to a testicular cancer survivors party, and everyone there had a ball.
I never use absolutes.
Id previously done well at studying history, but remembering the correct details of the Napoleonic Wars turned out to be my Kangaroo.
Fake hurts real.
I am here to see what will be left after all the chaos is gone!
It takes a lot of balls to play golf as badly as I do.
I tried to read about how to perform an appendectomy, but ironically...
If you dont want your daughter to get kidnapped, dont name her Amber.
The closest I ever came to getting in a car accident was back in college when I T-boned a guy.
Mental masturbation is mindblowing
I was wondering why music was coming from my printer... apparently the paper was jamming.
I could tell you a Covid joke... But it would take 3 days for you to get it.
I've set myself a 5 year plan to be more Spontaneous.
Ever been so tired you cant sleep?
In the UK a wobbly toilet is called a Lucy Liu
I've posted 10 puns on here to try and amuse people but no pun in ten did.
Just realized dorito rhymes with burrito and I cant even.
Needless to say, I lost my needle.
Masochists are a pain in the ass.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be
Why do perfectionists hate grease? Because they don't like to let anything slide.
my fear of heights is caused by the fact that theyre always up to something
Planning all of your meals in advance, now there's food forethought.
I don't know why my doctor calls them a manic episode when they're more like a box set with special features.
I just joined a dating site for arsonists. Still waiting for a match.
If you were a booger I would pick you!
I used to think an umbilical cord was a navel vessel!
I finally changed the babies diaper even though the box said good for 12 to 16 lbs.
Oh the things you would masturbate with before discovering lube
Mutes are rarely a part of herd mentality.
I hate everyone, all they do is generalize.
Most hurtful comeback to an insult is WHAT?
It's true that you can use a coffee filter as toilet paper but it does change the taste of the coffee.
We say the word 'wrong' wrong.
My roommate keeps making noise moving discs between three stacks. Hes Hanoi-ing.
I wrote a book on appendicitis. I removed the appendix.
Kill myself? Thats the last thing I would do!
Ive been driving cars for strangers so much, that my wrists start to hurt when I drive into tunnels. I hate having carpool tunnel syndrome!
People who say that everything happens for a reason have obviously never got a boner on public transport.
"When you fall, I will catch you." ~ The Floor.
I always dreamed of getting a bust in the NFL hall of fame, but I don't want to get a head of myself
Being bipolar has its ups and downs
The problem with researching addiction, you can never get too into it.
I'd rather kill myself than commit suicide
Always give 100%, unless it's blood.
My friend went thru a lot of hardships putting himself thru wooden boat building school.
q- o dodl  nq I  sl  s,
My daughter wants to join the Angry birds fan club but I think she's too young to be a radical feminist.
I am on hold to the Heisenberg Institute......they don't quite know my position in the queue!
In the past I leased my cars, but now Im buy-curious.
I think I got a bad deal on my new phone because I put it on airplane mode and it just sat there
I think I got a bad deal on my new phone because I put it on airplane mode and it just say there
Im surprised West Virginia is handling COVID so well considering miners cant get vaccinated yet
When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change
Its misleading to tell people you dont feel so hot when you have a high fever.
My email password was hacked again and that's the third time I had to rename the dog.
Maybe in a parallel universe, I can parallel park.
I asked my teacher what was the difference between perspective and perception, but he says it depends on how you look at it.
I always visit my kid at 12-59 because I love that one-to-one time.
The Dalai Lama walks into a pizza shop and asks, Can you make me one with everything?
When I couldn't stop masturbating over the school principal, I realised my addiction was coming to a head.
The porn awards were a total fuckfest.
Why is it that the loudest snorers are always the first ones to fall asleep ?
Whatever you think of the porn industry, you have to admit those guys are always hard at work
Did you hear about the deep Nazi plot forming in the cemetery?
I tried table tennis once, but in the end I found it much easier to just use a tennis ball.
Whoever stole my box of Prozac, I hope you're feeling happy with yourself.
A phobia of over-designed buildings is a complex complex complex.
Knowledge is knowing carrots are good for your eyes, wisdom is knowing not to insert them directly.
I got into a very heated argument in the desert
If you dont like tacos, Im nacho type.
When my father asked me to get an organ donor card, I realised that he was a man after my own heart.
People keep telling me that life goes on, but to me thats the saddest part.
A trick is something whores do for money.
Iron Mans scientific name would be Fe Male
How did the Death Star destroy Alderaan when it was fired by stormtroopers?
Saw an ad, "Radio for sale $1 - volume stuck on full" and thought, "I can't turn that down."
Herd mentality affects 10 in 10 people
Everyone looks better in glasses.
If someone questions you about Will, just remember the answer is a dead give away.
If you remove all of the Germans from your contact list, does that make it a Hans free phone?
Watching the sunrise really brightens my day.
Shout out to all the people who dont know what the opposite of in is.
Do you ever wake up, kiss the person next to you and be glad you're alive and now I'm not allowed on American Airlines anymore.
I draw the line at cocaine.
I bought a cryptocurrency book and found Chapter 1 very valuable, so I didn't read any more.
The mandolin is played by men with small instruments.
They say count your blessings, guess I counted all but one
Sometimes when I close my eyes, I can't see.
Theres so much traffic in my city that no one owns cars anymore
Gas Horders are starting to blow up
China lands rover on Mars. They call it the red planet.
Cant spell Humanity without Unity...the U just needs to move over.
Beauty is baller, God hit my line no I.D. Caller, Art when I speak people straighten n dont falter
Art and god are the same shits
My wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, so I had to put my foot down.
Having a lazy eye has really taught me how to look after myself.
If theres a bee in my hand, there's beauty in my eye, because beauty is in the eye of the bee-holder.
"Believe in yourself, even when no one else will." ~ Sasquatch
As I put the car in reverse, I thought to myself: "This really takes me back".
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went on a long bike ride
If you slap Dwayne Johnson in the butt you are hitting rock bottom.
Eid Mubarak Obama.
I am very very VERY proud of my great humility.
Grandma did her best to beat off the Indians but they still kept coming!
If I talked like I had a stick up my ass I'd type like it too.
If it weren't for pick-pocketers I'd have no sex life at all.
Having a lazy eye has really taught me how to look after myself from a young age.
Having a lazy eye really teaches you to look after yourself from a very young age.
I'm great at multi-tasking! I can waste time, be unproductive, and procrastinate all at once
You can't spell "wink" without one i.
Soylent Green just goes to show how gruel some people can be.
I tried to give my friend a book of one-liners but he couldnt take a joke.
I used to hate cardigans, but Ive slowly warmed up to them.
I'm hosting a charity event for people unable to achieve orgasm, if you can't come, let me know.
Do you have a social life or do you have a social.media life?
I'm very proud of my great humility.
I wanted to wind up my hose but it was already mad.
Last night I fell asleep with my glasses on and for the first time I could see my dreams clearly.
Anyone who says their wedding day was the best day of their life has obviously never had two candy bars fall at once from a vending machine.
I was discussing seals with my French friend and you wont believe the potty mouth on this man!
My wife asked me if I ate her ice cream in the fridge and I told her I ate it in the living room.
Dr. Pepper is my Fizzician
I paid the beekeeper for 12 bees and he gave me 13...I guess the last one was a freebie.
My wifes gonna hit the roof when she finds out I replaced our bed with a trampoline
An asshole a day, makes the doctor seem gay.
My favourite essential oil is pizza grease.
In 2021, is it sexual harassment to refer to print as fine?
Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?
I wanted to tell a joke about a bed, but it hasn't been made yet.
Chuck Norris once punched a gay guy and straightened him out.
My government pulls out, but I don't.
You couldn't sneak up on a corpse.
Hockey is a dangerous sport last time I checked.
Yeah but my Saturday was going pretty good until I realized it was Tuesday!
Did you know that gaslighting isnt a word?
I hope you're a patient audience.
Man who won big on the lottery says it's 'wife changing '
Turn your regular sofa into a sofa bed, just by forgetting your wife's birthday.
Porcupines without quills are pointless
You can tell where a song has been by following its soundtracks.
Not happy, I went for a wok today and gained weight.
You know you're old when you have more hair in your ears than on your head.
Im an avid campaigner for the preservation of endangered species, you should taste my panda jam.
The problem with the Portobello industry is that there isn't mushroom for expansion
So turns out, a Chiropractor has nothing to do with a Velociraptor.
Every place is walking distance from you if you have the time.
My chicken-proof yard design is im-peck-able
Do the numbers have to be capitalized?
Baby porcupines are prequills to adult porcupines.
I often think about what it would be like if Jesus starred in The 6th Sense.
If you lean while on lean, you will likely fall over.
If she really was born with it, she wouldnt be buying Maybelline
My friend used laughing gas as deodorant and he smelled funny all day.
The boiling point of milk is the point when you're not looking.
Every phone is a foldable phone if you apply enough pressure.
I had my identity stolen once, now they have no life.
The AC wasnt reaching me, so I had to manually adjust it. It was a nice turn of a vent.
The opposite of a pet peeve is a kink.
Is breast milk 2% or 1%?
The world is changed by your example, not by your opinion.
You owe yourself the love that you so freely give to other people.
With the right person, you won't have to try so hard to feel heard and seen.
What is "philadel" and why do people have a fetish for it?
I heard reincarnation is making a comeback
Africa is just Latin-America but with a double chin
I quit my job as a mailman when they handed me my first letter to deliver and I thought, this isn't for me.
Meditation classes should be renamed concentration camps
I was never a fan of being short, but its starting to grow on me
You (probably) have an above average amount of legs.
Never trust an electrician with fuzzy hair
People laugh at my jokes in person, but no one laughs at my jokes in zoom meetings ... because they aren't remotely funny.
Whoever decided to put the letter "s" in the word "lisp" is a cruel asshole.
My Saturday was going pretty well until I realized it was Sunday.
Was going with the flow,drowned myself in the process.
Every bed is a king if I'm in it.
I onced punched a cyclops between the eye.
The grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
Every action of our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate into eternity.
There's a big difference between kneeling down and bending over.
In Spain without the P
If youre squeezing your melons, you may be dyslexic
Penniless childminders are carefree.
A fish is an animal that grows the fastest from the time it's caught until the time the fisherman describes how big it was.
I've got 69 problems, my girlfriend is a midget.
I told my suitcases that we will not be taking a vacation again this year, so now I'm dealing with emotional baggage.
I haven't seen so many black guys fuck a blond since the piper perri meme went viral
My uncle was so drunk that when he blew his candles the cake burned down
I miss the part of Covid when there was no traffic.
What idiot put mother's day on the same day as sonday?!?
Africa is just Latin-America but with a double chin
Looks like I picked the wrong week to stop making Airplane! references.
My dad used to hit me with cameras so often that I still have flashbacks.
You put the turd in Saturday.
The loneliest number is the number one.
We shit on life and wonder why it stinks.
One in four frogs is a leap frog.
I'm not saying Bill Gates had Jeffrey Epstein "offed", but I am typing it.
My life is like a spiderman movie. My old man just died and I recently learned that shooting white sticky stuff all around is gonna get me girls
The inventor of lip service is the most important person to have ever lived.
I don't see why I'm blind
now that politics is back to theater, my parents wont stop bragging about my art degree.
A recent survey showed that you're more likely to get shot by a fat cop, if you run.
I wondered if it was Stephen King books being thrown and then IT hit me.
People say Ive got no willpower but Ive quit smoking loads of times.
Eat right, stay fit, die anyway.
I went into a Wienerschnitzel and all they had were a bunch of spoiled brats.
I havent slept for three days because that would be far too long
When it comes to proper grammar, 'where it is' is where it's at.
BEER...Because you can't drink bacon.
Rocky Mountain oysters are the original sack lunch.
Generating all of our own electricity from solar power is not going to happen overnight.
What are rich people problems? I want them.
You are the biggest Yo Mama joke.
I can't get enough of gluttony.
Maybe if we all emailed the Constitution to each other the NSA will finally read it.
I piss like a racehorse; in front of well dressed people who paid a lot of money with a midget on my back.
Why is quicksand so slow...
When I misheard 'self-deprecating humor' as 'self-defecating humor,' my dumb ass laughed so hard I shat myself.
Those kleptomaniacs are always taking things literally
I just checked my balance at the ATM and it printed me coupons for Ramen noodles.
It's no wonder my coffee tasted like mud; it was ground this morning.
"Fish sticks" would probably sell better if they were called "codpieces."
I planned an orgy for my birthday, but no one came.
When I was a kid I wanted to play the guitar really badly and after years of practice I can now play the guitar really badly.
My kids are throwing scrabble tiles at each other again. It's all fun and games until someone loses an "I".
Just remember, you can't spell culture without cult
Dont you hate it when someone answers their own questions? I do.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad
Funny how people pay for unlimited calls but call no one.
Waffles are just pancakes with abs
Waffles are just pancakes with abs
So many beginning chess players have a checkered past.
You dont cry over a spilled bottle of tearless shampoo.
My titties be in the seatbelt like %
I may not know a lot of Spanish, but I know enough to know that cinco de Mayo means a fifth of mayonnaise
May the fifth (amendment) always protect you from self-incrimination!
Queen of England loses her husband and Bill Gates gets divorced, there's a conspiracy theory in there somewhere.
In case of fire please leave the building before posting it on social media.
My new theory of global warming is spreading like a wildfire
It was a religious custom for all the attendees at the wake to throw money in the coffin so I wrote a check and threw it in and took all the cash.
Back in 1978, when all the middle school shop teachers filled out their job applications, I bet they had to list the name and contact info of their buddy who lost his thumb because he was being careless using a band saw.
I wonder how many Chameleons sneaked onto the Ark?
I used to be addicted to upholstery removal, but I'm recovering now.
Us loners, we gotta stick together.
Keep it simple, you moron
I'm not saying that my Pharmacy is bad but they thought that Hepatitis B was a vitamin.
If aliens are observing us, the ultimate alpha move would be to probe ourselves.
If aliens are observing us, the ultimate alpha move would be to probe ourselves.
if youre talking to a married woman do you say I Mrs. you? instead of I miss you?
People who take care of chicken's are literally chicken tenders.
Turned on bumper cars are always trying to smash.
Bumper cars that are turned on are always trying to smash.
When my wife asked me to clear the kitchen table I had to get a running start but I made it.
When my y wife asked me to clear the kitchen table I had to get a running start but I made it.
After 27 years Bill Gates has decided to update his hardware.
I used to oppose socialized medicine, but after my transplant, Ive had a change of heart
Having to do things if I want to be successful is a real catch 11.
i only wanted to cast my face, but i think im getting a head of myself.
Man, I love my furniture! Me and my recliner go way back
Leftover pizza tastes better than fresh pizza.
"Benadryl" is the past tense of "Beedrill"
Wookie jerky is Chewie
If life is pointless, how did I just get stabbed?
When you fart, your buttocks.
When elephant's migrate they prefer to move from tusk to dawn
Tonight is open Mike night at Autopsy Club.
Laughter is the best medicine, except when youre throwing up
The content of a person's audiobook collection speaks volumes.
Do they allow loud laughing in Hawaii or just a low ha?
I havent felt nostalgic in ages.
I did my Jamaican stepfather proud by making a successful career in pornography; he always said I would amount to nuttin'...
I grilled a chicken for two hours yesterday and it still wouldn't tell me why it crossed the road.
My wife loves to talk after sex..she called me up from Chicago last night
My wife met me at the door in a seethru teddy...the only problem was she was just coming home
It's a reel treat to watch a lively Irish dance!
Im starting a online discount therapy program featuring sexy counselors called Penny for Your Thots.
I opened an egg restaurant that only serves the best eggs so if you're in the Bay area, checkout "Whites Only"!
I like going to restaurant openings and ordering the usual.
I'm pretty sure if I smacked the stupid out of you there wouldn't be anything left!
Lets all thank the guy who invented the number zero! - Thanks for nothing
grow up and help the oppressors cuz its your duty
If I had a nickel for every time you annoyed me, I'd have a sock full of nickels to hit you with.
2+2=Jello
Im more of a grammar socialist.
I tried to cook something out of a cookbook but the burning paper set off the smoke detector
My local weather lady went to a convention of doctors so she could meet a urologist.
I tried to like math, but it just got me number and number.
Ive forgotten more things than I can remember.
My favorite medication is Imodium, I shit you not
I was going to retire from exposing myself..but I decided to stick it out 1 more year
My dentist told me this may hurt a bit and then he told me he's sleeping with my wife.
My dentist told me this may hurt a bit and the he told me he's sleeping with my wife.
Did the Backstreet Boys ever find out 'Why?'
Come in to the paint store, get thinner!
To people that think anus photography is talentless and crude, you need to see the hole picture.
I've got a vegetable patch in my basement , it's cellary.
I'm supposed to be doing a presentation about traffic jams, but hopefully I can find a way around it.
Whoever decided to put the letter 's' in the word lisp is an assholes
Whoever decided to put the letter 's' in the word lisp is an assholes
Whoever decided to put the letter 's' in the word lisp is an assholes
If pussy was a crypto-currency, it would be BitConnect.
If pussy was a crypto-currency, it would be Bitconnect aka false promises and a rug pull at the end.
If pussy was a crypto-currency, it would be Bitconnect aka a rug pull on your expectations.
If pussy was a crypto-currency, it would be BitConnect.
Who are the worlds fastest readers?
You've got to hand it to the blind hooker
Don't ask questions you can't answer
Don't ask questions you can't answer
Remember, if you're in the valley when the flood comes, it's somebody else's damn fault!
Had neighbour's banging on my door at 3 am this morning but luckily I was already up playing the drums.
If your name is on a building, you're rich, its on your desk, you're middle class and on your shirt, you're poor.
Once you decide to get a neck brace, theres no looking back.
Wanted: Schrdingers cat, dead and alive
When they buried the man who invented Tetris, the whole cemetery disappeared.
If you die and get cremated you can be put into an hour glass and still be included in family game night.
FunFact: A honeymoon only lasts 6 days because 7 days makes a hole week!
Hey did you hear about how Armie ate Reese? First his Hammer and then WithHerSpoon.
Thank god Im not Christian.
I caught a mermaid in a lie once, but I let her off the hook.
I tried to climb a really tall tower in France but Eiffel off.
I attended The Morbid Bowling Club, but when I walked in everyone was rolling their eyes
I puked in an elevator yesterday, it was wrong on so many levels.
If you take a nap with family, does it become a napkin?
Talk is cheap, yeah? Have you ever talked to a lawyer?!
I called to ask what a new chimney would cost and they said it's on the house.
It's always butt dialing with some people (even if you meant to call them).
I correct autocorrect more than it corrects me.
I finally received my first shot, and am going to get the second one just as soon as I can get the waitress's attention.
I started a band called Clitoris...we haven't been discovered yet.
Gainfully employed plumbers have made a reality of their pipe dreams.
Want some dandruff cakes? I made them from scratch.
Tutankhamen was a mummy's boy.
I just started a parasite podcast called Tick Talk
My boyfriend was one time so much in love with me, he asked me for a pic of my cute lil' poop.
If Rudy Giuliani were a donkey hed be in favor of pay to bray politics, but my man is just an ass.
If Rudy Giuliani were a donkey hed be in favor to pay to bray politics, but he, unfortunately, is just an ass.
The Fall of the Roman Empire, otherwise known as: Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again
Sometimes when I close my eyes I CANT SEE
I'd like to talk about my body dysmorphia, but I'm afraid I'm not big enough.
Going to start a dildo repair service after the lockdown called InspectHerGadget.
Mr. Bigger's baby is bigger than Mr. Bigger because he's a little Bigger.
My girlfriend asked me to get more in touch with my feminine side, so I crashed the car
People who prefer the Empirical measurement system are most likely foot fetishists.
I was given a speeding ticket, but I couldn't catch up with it
Turning on your lights and sirens after losing a drag race is just poor sportsmanship.
A couple of T-Rexes came in for a divorce settlement and I had to fossilitate the meeting
Doctors make you wait a while because they know youre patient
You never really know, until you find out.
If a woman says she'll be ready in 15 minutes she will be, there's no need to remind her every half hour.
When life gives you lemons, be glad it wasn't AIDS.
OMG it's the Iron Age and I'm still writing Bronze Age on all my checks!
I told them at the interview that I spent five years at yale and to my surprise they gave me the yob!
The pig roast was a total boar
A cable repair man was on my street and asked me what time it was and I told him it's between 8am and 2pm
I climbed as high as I could within the education system, but quit while I was a head.
As a recovering vegetarian I drove past a familiar vegan restaurant and thought, "I've been herbivore."
I had a big problem when I installed a new chandelier and realized I screwed up
You know you have a bad sleep schedule, when Wednesday 12 am feels like Saturday 7 pm.
Constipation does not run in my family
Things must be hard down there at the Viagra factory.
There's only one thing worse than leaving someone in suspense
If life gets you down make a comforter
No Parking in Driveway... but isnt that what its for?
YOU CAN'T BE AN ASSHOLE ALL DAY unless you start early in the morning
Toilet paper is tearible!
Context is really important
An opinion without 3.14 is an onion.
Go ahead and wave the Confederate flag, but keep in mind that stabbing you with a shovel is part of MY heritage...
When my wife told me she dated a clown before me I realized I had some pretty big shoes to fill.
My wife said if I buy her another stupid gift she would burn it, so I bought her a candle.
I run like the winded
I may not have the best ceiling in the world but it's definitely up there.
So if you're talking to a married woman do you say "I Mrs. you?"
COVID 19 - It ain't over 'til the inoculating lady stings....
I went to the canary islands, no canaries. I then went to the virgin islands, still no canaries.
Strictly speaking, "If you don't eat your meat, you can't have any pudding!"
When pornstars have a bad shoot its also known as a bad day at the orifice
The ball just kept getting bigger, then it hit me
I was circumcised when I was born and I couldn't walk for almost a year.
People like to say that I'm mean. The truth is, I'm just really average.
My wife was blaming me for ruining her birthday and I thought that was ridiculous because I didn't even know it was her birthday.
When Bono lost his sheep he grudgingly exclaimed "I can live with or without ewe!"
I find it sad that we kill so many ducks just to make duck tape.
If you go on a trip explicitly for a LASIK procedure, youre going sightseeing.
A very stubborn man who always has to get the last word in walks into a Chick-fil-A.
My wife was mad at me and said I have no sense of direction so I packed my bags and right.
Local Flooding Blamed on Beaver. The evidence is damming
Car naps hits differently especially when you're the one driving
So if youre talking to a married woman do you say I Mrs. you?
Are you supposed to tell I Mrs. you if youre speaking to a married woman?
I tried to do my own circumcision with my bare hands but I just couldnt pull it off.
My convertible car is now an atheist
Instead of non-sexual, massage parlours should put no hope, no love, no glory... on their windows
To be honest, I didn't think Caitlyn Jenner had the balls to run for office.
Baptists are always so competitive.. Their Church always has to be first.
Before you pick on someone smaller than you, remember that we were all once just a little squirt.
Head lice are lousey.
I was at a concert, and the guy in the wheelchair really stood out
I wasnt good with papers, so I dropped out of collage.
As I always say, "only idiots quote themselves"
The best part of working from home is faking an internet outage
It doesnt matter what I drink, it all ends up being piss
if people were knives, im a chopstick.
One minute the calculator was fine and then it stopped working- it just doesn't add up.
If you spell the words "Absolutely Nothing" backwards you get "Gnihton Yletulosba" which ironically means Absolutely nothing.
give a man to fish and you feed him for a day, teach a man in college and you give him loans for the rest of his life
Everything I cook turns to shit
Melova numa tafa.
If you want to be a little cooler, be a Tiny Desk fan.
Don't blame others for the road you're one, it's your own asphalt.
Hey autocorrect, quit tampering with my curse words you mother forklift!
You can turn a regular sofa into a sofa bed by simply forgetting your wifes birthday
During quarantine I stayed outside in my tent so I was Tentin Quarantino.
Ever see a midget take a short nap?
in business, if the product makes sense it will make dollars
in business, if something makes cents it's gonna make dollars
Some people say I get my transport muddled around but, er--sorry, I lost my tram of thought.
I used to frequent alot of chinese prostitutes...but i realized i was just getting horny again in a half hour
Opportunity knocks once, if you hear a second knock it's probably a Jehovah's witness.
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realized I should have been more specific.
Bisons, remarked the Buffalo as his kids were leaving.
I'm studying, but the 'stu' is silent.
Hitler came from a family of Nein.
Jehovah's Witnesses in West Virginia just walk around talking about sects with miners
My mother died on 9/11. Not in NYC. She was drunk and drove off a highway bridge.
I went to the video store to rent Batman Forever but they said I'd have to bring it back.
Whoever made autocorrect can go duck themselves
When I told my wife our neighbor died she said 'Who, Ray?' and I said honey we shouldn't celebrate these things.
Try saying, "I won a math debate," really fast out loud.
Technically, any party with a flasher is a gender reveal party.
I have a really good Covid joke, but people dont get it like they used to.
My friend Penny is always trying to nickel and dime someone.
I was really tired at my dog barking in the back seat of the car so I moved him up in the front seat with me. When that didnt work, I put him in a barking lot.
The grenade store was so quiet you could hear a pin drop.
My new wife says she wants us to have a dozen kids with me, which means a lot.
After finding out that my onomatopoeia teacher's favourite pop band is Wham!, we decided to bang and then crash on the sofa.
I named my son mark so when I die I'll know I left a mark on this world.
I didn't know my wife left me for a tractor salesman until I read the John deere letter.
My wife said that hair grows faster during pregnancy, but I'm not convinced; it's been three months now and I'm still bald.
Sometimes I snore so loudly it scares everyone in the car Im driving.
Softball pitchers are known to be underhanded
Never say never- FUCK
Did everyone forget the abbreviation to Maine or is it just ME?
All of those pennies from Heaven mustve been climate change.
I can't stand gravity since it's always dragging me down.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick
You have two parts of brain, 'left' and 'right'. In the left side, there's nothing right. In the right side, there's nothing left
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
Haters gonna hate, defecators gonna defecate
I wonder if Proctologists get tired of dealing with assholes all day long?
_
I was delighted when someone stole my flashlight.
I just found out that they're not going to make yardsticks any longer.
It took me six years but I finally broke down and told my dog he was adopted.
Imagine having aphantasia
If you're unkind on average, that's mean.
Due to Covid, I'll never touch a door handle again.
Some people say their hair turns blonde in the sun. Mine turned gray.
My friend tony asked me not to say his name backwards and I said y not?
I just made up a new word! "Plagiarism"
I always assume all skulls are male.
What is the opposite of a croissant? A happy uncle.
Suddenly the janitor jumped out of the closet and yelled "SUPPLIES!!!"
I dont know about angels, but its fear that gives men wings.
I bought my son a trampoline for his birthday, but the ungrateful little bastard just sat in his wheelchair and cried the whole time.
To booby trap a camera to explode upon snapping the shutter, is to become a true photo bomber.
If an Earl was given an OBE, would that make him an Earlobe?
an abortion doctor is a fetus assassin
Rang Domino's and ordered a Thin Supreme with extra cheese, so they sent me 'Endless love' by Diana Ross.
My life is an open book; I hate it when people turn the pages.
-
The act of christening a ship by breaking a bottle of champagne against it should be called 'Shiptoasting'.
I used to flash my ass at people, but that was many moons ago.
I told my girlfriend that she drew her eyebrows too high...she looked surprised!
Problems, you like to Add them.
I rub her clit clockwise so she can cum on time.
People are always floating on cloud 9 and that makes me feel bad for all the other clouds like cloud 12 or cloud 98.
Everyone at the bar told me to stop doing drugs.
Before Jeff Bezos goes to bed he puts his pajamazon.
I used to breed rabbits and then I realized they can handle it themselves.
My father always told me never hit anyone in anger unless you're absolutely sure you can get away it.
The worst part of my apple addiction is not being able to see a doctor about it.
My new hobby is throwing lamps at people who need to lighten the fuck up
European superleague should have storylines like the WWE
My wife wants to leave me because I keep pretending to be a Transformer, but I've told her I can change.
The goal of a mountaineer is to scale the Everest. If he gets success, there isn't much he could do after that. It's all downhill from there.
You both can and cannot turn on a Peloton.
If there was a tiny creature inside the Pope controlling his every move, that would make the actual Pope the Pope mobile
a cop saying oh shit i just shot a white guy wearing blackface
I have not seen Bruce Jenner now that he's Transparent
I was wrong about not needing to go to the podiatrist, I now stand corrected.
Because I have so little faith left in humanity I look both ways before crossing a one way street.
Hot singles in your area, want nothing to do with you.
There are 69 minutes between 3:11 and 4:20
There are 69 minutes between 3:11 and 4:20
I told my wife I was a Superwoman fan, now she thinks I'm a heroin addict.
Being popular on Reddit is like sitting at the cool table in the Cafeteria at a Mental Hospital.
My wife tried to divorce me for impotency, but it didn't stand up in court.
Im sorry we dont hire racists and you seem to be one cuz all mexicans are
I was gonna post a funny joke but the
Picked up a new habit of playing the flute and now wish I could make it a daily blowjob.
Been eating too much fish lately, time to scale back.
Spice up your panic attack with a harmonica.
My Artist girlfriend was really sad so I gave her a shoulder to crayon.
I tried to give up rhetorical questions but what's the point.
Dying? That's the last thing that I'll do.
Clark Kent, what a super man he was
I looked at the 0-0 on the scoreboard at the beginning of the match and it dawned on me that all is fair in love and war
My wife asked me to put ketchup on the shopping list and now I cant read anything!
Why do they call it one night stand and not Humpty Dumpty ?
Waterboarding at Guantanamo Bay sounds like a fun time until you remember what both of those things are.
Due to Covid, I don't think I'll ever touch a door handle again.
Before she died Marie Curie looked more radiant everyday.
I don't understand why children don't like online school, bc at home they can't get board.
If pigs could fly, bacon would be leaner.
Some people say their hair turned blonde from the sun. Mine turned gray
My bald friend got a $1 wig- it was a small price toupee.
I can't remember the lyrics to that Nirvana song and it's really been bugging me... oh well, whatever. Nevermind.
Can't remember the name for an underground water source. Oh well.
Someone shoved a light in my mailbox. Lamp post.
Never say never unless you are saying never say never in which case go ahead and say never 5 times.
Knifes - they get straight to the point
even slave owners agreed 60% with black lives matter cuz in voting they counted as 3/5 of a person
I finally got the cylinder off my office chair, I literally had to beat it off
Cyclists are nothing but unnecessary speed bumps.
I've been told that I'm lactose intolerant - not because I'm allergic, but because I don't think that cheese should be allowed to get married.
I was a child progeny.
The day I overdosed on Viagra was the longest and hardest day of my life.
Gravity, dont let me down!
Really excited to announce that my golf game is subpar
If Cinderella lives by a lake, she would have been Salmonella.
My friend said that my vocabulary is multitudinous, which means a lot.
2020 used to be about having perfect vision, now it's about things I wish I hadn't seen.
I bought a dog of a blacksmiths and as soon as I got him home he made a bolt for the door
I told my son not to listen to weirdos and now he won't talk to me.
Many actors refused to be in Soylent Green because they didnt like meating other people.
They laughed when they said I wanted to be a comedian, theyre not laughing now
Literal Dad Joke I made up
I have, like, a really, really big vocabulary.
I hear the snorkeling community is divers.
My friend hired a Butler without a left arm, which serves him right.
My Uncle has a successful Clown shoe business, which is no small feat.
My fiance is upset because she thinks she found my suicide notes but the jokes on her, those are my wedding vows
It doesn't matter who is right in war, it matters who is left.
I once had a pet bird her name was Enza, I open up my window and in-flu-enza
Ghh
People who are not down to earth , usually get old soon .
Dogs are such incredibly empathic beings, my newly adopted 3-year-old best friend has finally stopped leaving neck wounds on me only after 7 Months together!
cum in her eyes so that she can't semen 
The CDC recommends not having a face to face meeting when an email will do.
That's the last time I go to MC Hammer's house, you're frightened to touch anything.
I was so hungry I ate a Horse and then I got the trots.
I had to fly across the country for my vaccine, and, wow, are my arms sore.
The first rule of passive-aggressive club is YOU KNOW WHAT NEVERMIND IT'S FINE!!!
I wanted to put this joke about chronic flatulence on oneliners, but it's too long winded.
I like to go to bed with a good book, or someone who has read one.
I'd be dammed if I had to supply a beaver with it's home.
Hello pollen my old friend, you've come to clog my head again...
My wife and I often laugh about how competitive we are, but I laugh more.
A blind dog isn't worth shaking a stick at.
I dumped my cross-eyed girlfriend when I heard she was seeing somebody on the side.
I've just been told that my vocabulary is multitudinous, which means a lot.
I've just been told that my vocabulary is multifarious, which means a lot
Piano is one of the hardest instruments to pick up.
,,,,,chameleon
Whos coming round for a Flat Earth Society meeting.
What did the fish say when it swam into the wall? Dam
Did you sit on the f5 key? Because your ass is refreshing
Joe resented being VP and was only Biden his time until he got another shot but fearing being Trumped again he decided he would win the presidency even if he had to resort to Robinette.
NATIONAL SARCASM SOCIETY (like we need your support)
most vaccines cause autism having people to live longer
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar...you can't tell me that's just a coincidence.
If a man farts in the forest and there is nobody there to hear it does it still smell?
I really want to buy some apostrophes but' I just don't know where I,d put them.
I really want to buy some apostrophes but I just don't know where to put them.
I lost my stamp collection in a misunderstanding at the post office.
I've just been given a Swiss flag for my collection, which is a big plus.
Somebody just gave me a Swiss flag for my collection, which is a big plus.
Those tall pub designers really set the bar high.
TIL a religious tropical tree is called a psalm tree.
Unfortunately I was born with 2 lazy eyes and so while still at the hospital my parents decided I looked way too slow and there was no way they would ever have the patience to look after me.
Knot for nothing, I know a guy who will tie your shoes for free.
I'm into safe sex, even though I once caught my dick on that heavy door.
I once saw the Pope having sex with a pile of manure and my only thought was "holy fucking shit".
It was a concentrated effort making that orange juice.
Fun Fact: Both Colanders and Calenders can be used to organize dates!
The road of life is paved with flat squirrels who couldn't make a decision.
If I ever get Lyme disease, I'm gonna be ticked.
If I get Lyme disease, I'm gonna be ticked.
I have failed math so many times i can't count
Running is just walking with a couple extra steps
Anyone hear about the peaceful protest, it was a riot!
When I opened the door the Locksmith was working on, he flew off the handle.
My girlfriend says that I don't take our relationship seriously ..... I mean my wife.
A large breasted women got on the elevator and asked me to press one and when I did she slapped me.
Hi cumming, Im dad!
My Teacher asked me to name a book that made me cry and I said ALGEBRA
The Black Eyed peas can sing us a tune, but the Chick Peas can hummus one.
Unscented candles are actually crayon scented candles.
Just read a book about how bridges are put together, it was riveting.
Kim Kardashian says that having a huge ass made her miserable, but enough about Kanye West ...
'How do you get the natives to stay sober long enough to pass the test'. - Duke of Edinburgh to a Scottish driving instructor.
When we test the limits of wealth inequality we create excessive scarcity, which is an oxymoronic thing to do.
I heard someone snuck the letter b in the subtle.
A man had an accident playing peek a boo today and he is currently in the ICU
I asked my bro if he could hand me his pamphlet and he said brochure.
My uncle got vaccinated now the only thing stopping him from seeing his nephews is a restraining order
Brie Larson is a pretty good actress, I just don't like her because she keeps stealing all my cheese.
What has 4 letters, always has 6 letters and never has 5 letters.
I went to the general store. I was disappointed because the clerk said I couldn't buy anything specifically.
Hench cows aren't to be taken seriously, they're abs herd.
I thought my mom would be excited that Im dating a horse but apparently thats not what she meant by stable relationship
Ireland is a very wealthy place because the capital is always Dublin
Did you know priests do more than laypeople?
I glued pictures of rabbits on my bald patches cause from a distance they look like hairs
A very short psychic escaped from prison. There is a small medium at large
I bought my kid a novelty cushion that makes fart noises. He said whopee
Every time I fall asleep, someone shreds cheese over my head, they're really starting to grate on me
Some guy tried to steal some broken bathroom scales from me. I told him he won't get away with this
Little miss muffit told me she only had curds. I said No whey.
I saw a statue of a man facing west, I thought...that don't look right
After anaesthetic , counting to 5 makes me feel numb, counting to 10 I feel even number
My doctor told me to quit drinking and that's gonna be a big change for me since I've been with him for 20 years.
Today I saw a 2000 year old stain from ancient greece.
Bruce Willis can't find his Adele CD. Rumor has it
I got 50 tattooed on my dick cause I like to feel my money grow in my hand. And cause my wife likes to blow my cash
I was asked if knew anyone who wants a firework named after them, I said Catherine will
I got stung while in line at the DIY store.... B&amp;Q
Woman next door gave me some blue waterproof sheets, I said Ta pauline
I met an Arab dairy farmer- he is a milk.sheik......and his brother owns a condiment company, Sultan vinegar
I caught my son chewing on electrical cords so I had to ground him but he's doing better currently and conducting himself properly.
Oh when the Russians create communism it's "brave" and "rebellious" and "cool" but when the Chinese create it it's [Sorry, but this portion of the sentence has been seized by the Chinese Government under the Safe Communication Protection Act of China. Glory to China.]
I thought my wife was kidding when she told me how annoyed she was with me singing "I'm a Believer!" ... but then saw her face.
The last guy ever to yell "Eat me" to Jeffrey Dahmer probably ended up regretting it.
Glass chairs are a pane in the ass
Coincidentally, I was born on my birthday.
All the young people today are stealing bus stop signs, where do they get off?
The MyPillow guy and the blanket pardon dude should get together
If I had a nickel for every time a french king died by hitting his head on a doorframe, I'd have 2 nickels. Which isn't a lot, but it's weird that it happened twice
A guy was trying to remember the name of the machine that cut off his hand, but he just couldn't put his finger on it.
The devil is in the details, so to hell with 'em.
I have a terrible fear of tsunamis but it only comes in waves.
The main reason Dinosaurs make lousy pets is because they're dead.
I bought a mattress with cookies inside the foam because Pepperidge Farm remembers.
if you want to keep working here you will follow the strict dress code of nudity
I bought a can of Fly spray and wondered if it was good for Wasps but as it turns out it kills them!
i bought covid the fastest racecar in the world so it cant be caught
i bought covid the fastest racecar in the world so it cant he caught
If you don't have time for a boyfriend and a dog, then I, as a werewolf, am an excellent bargain.
I'm seriously thinking about remarrying my ex-wife but I'm pretty sure she'll figure out I'm just after my money.
I'm not sure what I said to my proctologist that made him give me the finger.
i riGhT thE beSt onELinErS wheN iM drINKiNg
Its been my experience that temporary insanity can last a long time.
My body has absorbed so much hand sanitizer that now when I pee, it cleans the toilet.
I just stumbled across a website for accident prone people.
I used my new trailer yesterday, it went off without a hitch.
I couldn't think up a funny for you all today, and that's no joke.
Reddit is 15 years old - Typical teenager, it has an answer for everything.
For the sake of self defeating irony, I propose we change the word Minimalism to M.
My friend told me to stop making memes all the time. I told her that without them my life is memingless.
I called 911 by accident so I set my neighbor's house on fire so I wouldn't look stupid.
The most uncomfortable part of breaking up with a tattoo artist is asking them to cross out their name on your arm
What starts with a W and ends with a T
I don't think I used enough butter in my baking today... I guess that's just how the cookie crumbles.
I know a Polish Sound Engineer, a Slovakian one, and a Czech one two!
The worst part about being fired from the unemployment office is that you still have to show up the next day!
The worst part about being fired from the unemployment office is that you still have to show up the next day! 1
I got fired from my job at the unemployment office but I still had to show up the next day!
My Pane in the ass co-worker left a piece of glass on my chair
When asked what I thought about an idea for a swimming pool with no shallow areas, I said All depends
I saw a Microbiologist today and he was much bigger than I expected.
Locksmiths are key workers.
breaking: United Kingdom has officially moved away from physical currency - all transactions will be made through Britcoin
Someone dropped a piece of glass on my chair, Pane in the ass
Crime in apartment blocks is wrong on so many levels.
A guy who regularly pees in a park is called peeter parker
I wonder how many Chameleons sneaked onto Noah's ark?
I broke a rule of Premature Ejaculators Anonymous, but I got off easy.
Giving a pig a bath sounds like absolute hogwash to me...
Are firefighters members of the Church of Ladder-Day Saints?
If there's one thing that makes me throw up, it's a dart board on a ceiling.
god bless you but allah damn it
When are Albinos going to get their day in the sun?
I asked my wife to rate my listening skills and she said "You're an 8 on a scale of 10" and I still don't know why she wanted me to urinate on a skeleton.
I thought they did a nasal swab but the sign said 'Covid-19 tests in the rear'
An Irish guy walks out of a bar...I'm just kidding!
My tinder app and a used matchbox is the same, zero matches.
I looked up your symptoms online, apparently you have a network connectivity issue.
Before the pandemic, people were able to get together in the same room for meetings ... Pre-Zoom-ably
Like farts around a campfire, my shit is lit.
Transplants can be disheartening
Does anybody know if it's safe to dye my pubes, it's a bit of a grey area.
I teach humanitarianism to kids that don't need to know it.
I bought a new weed-whacker today that's cutting hedge technology.
When he cut off the bottom of his trousers and used it as a bookmark, I thought 'there's a turn up for the books'.
Americans are soccer at football
There are two types of companies, those that are going remote and those that will be posting a lot of job openings this fall
There's a fine line between a numerator and a denominator...only a fraction of you will get this.
I used to be a man trapped inside a womans body. Then I was born.
4/04 Jesus not found
I tried using myPEN1S as my Reddit password, but they told me it wasn't long enough.
The world tongue-twister champion just got arrested. I hear they're gonna give him a really tough sentence.
YOU DON'T OWE ANYONE TO BE BEAUTIFUL!
The guy who invented anagrams passed away today, may he erect a penis.
You don't run out of toothpaste, you run out of motivation
When I was older I loved playing around with time machines.
I used to run a dating service for chickens but I was struggling to make hens meet.
I really think its great how the government supports us in our spring cleaning efforts every April 15 by taking some of that money thats just cluttering up my place
Circumcisions are so painful that when I got mine right after I was born, I couldnt walk for nearly a year.
I bay nod feel well bud the lead singer of Pearl Jam couldn't look Eddie Vedder.
I do Quality Assurance down at the Satisfactory.
The Only thing u seen Clear in 2020 was DEATH #respectfully
The existence of shampoo implies the existence of shampiss.
Ingvar Kamprad, founder of Ikea, was literally a shelf-made Billionaire.
White dads be like so which neck of the woods are you from?
If anyone knows a good fish joke let minnow.
Common sense isn't.
There are 2 rules you must follow to succeed in life: 1. Dont tell everything you know.
(3,4)
Y = 3
I asked my dentist what sports team he likes and he said the yanks...
The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your arm.
When my Doppelganger sat next to me on the train, I was beside myself.
Donald Trump came into Burger king and asked for a Whopper, so I told him the election was rigged l.
The secret to being smart is knowing when to play dumb.
TIL Yodas last name was Layheehoo
After all the zoom calls and screen time, "2020 vision" needs corrective lenses.
A dentist appointment could also be called a cavity search.
Got a new job at the guillotine factory, I'll beheading there soon.
I think all porn sites should end in ".cum"
I tried getting naked at the nudist colony but it was too hard
A wise Chinese man once said: 
It's their ovaries that cause women to ovary act!
Lance isn't a common name these days but back in medieval times, people were named Lance a lot.
Decompression sucks
Not a single miracle has been recorded since the camera was invented.
If one Domino's pizza shop collapses, would the others then fall in succession?
I asked my makeup artist for a contour and she said, "OK, for 5000 I'll walk you around my garden."
I woke up so tired, I had to make myself a black coffee, only so I could have the strength to make myself a latte.
If the Pokmon ditto was a rolling die, he would have been a d2.
I'm so tired that it feels like I had a long March.
When a boat gets stuck in a international canal, can we assume a 'ship?
A good hearted neighbour tried his best, with no avail, to help resolve some issues with our 'underground water reservoir', as he called it He meant well
The two kinds of people are those who can extrapolate and...
If you see someone crying, ask if it's because of their haircut.
Whoever said one person can't change the world never ate an undercooked bat.
The earth was flat until they buried your mom.
I asked the bartender for a case of corona and he says it will be 2021
Irony is hygienic paper being the dirtiest
If you chat up a sprinter, does that mean you're trying to pull a fast one?
I farted on my wallet, now I have gas money
If you're eating for 2, dont tell them when paying for a buffet
My dad thinks Im so bright, he calls me son
According to the BMI chart I'm too short.
I'm so broke, I have to fart to have a cent in my pocket!
I learn from the mistakes of people who have taken my advice.
everyone dies but not everyone really lives their dream of immortality
If a deaf person is arrested and ordered to appear in court, will there be a hearing?
Firing the guy seemed harsh, so I told him to take the day off until he found another job
....blubbering apologies like Mickey Rooney after making a series of bad decisions.
The girl in the middle of the tennis court is Annette.
With Lil Nas X's Satan Shoes, the devil can finally steal our soles.
Dishonest spider caught in web of lies.
Cruise captain suffers stroke on seeing iceberg lettuce in salad.
Husbands frequenting bars more often in hopes of permanently erasing memory.
Woman who claims "size doesn't matter" not to be trusted, deems Court.
Man overboard clings to alive boy.
covid should have started in vegas cuz what happens in vegas stays in vegas
Can you call someone handsome whos been amputated at the wrists?
The girl in the middle of the tennis court is Annette.
Thanks to predictive text Im my own worst enema
Science spends millions on researching antidepressants, yet I've discovered the lower cost secret serum by drinking a whole bottle of 'no more tears' shampoo.
Was given a bag of peanuts blessed by the Pope but gave them away because I hate religious nuts.
a bird dropping poop on a plant is like dropping a burger on a person
The person who invented zero had nothing to show for it.
My twin brother and I used to finish each other's sentences, but now he's in jail.
How times have changed: I used to think misogyny was what you did after you hit your leg on the coffee table.
Really happy they got that boat out of there because for a few day I thought it would never given
Did you know the word gullible is not in the dictionary?
Bought my fortune teller a shirt, size medium.
Cross eyed circumciser gets the sack.
I have forgotten more things than I can remember.
People thought I would never get over my obsession with Phil Collins, but take a look at me now.
I wish my wallet came with free refills.
According to the BMI chart I am too short.
I got fired for failing my drug test - you could say I got weeded out.
While masturbation is a touchy subject, oral sex is a matter of taste.
Would you say on duty submarine technicians are underemployed
Someone just stole my mood ring and Im not sure how to feel about that.
Covid 19 latest! Gullible people to be banned from vaccine rollout.
Reddit is named Reddit because all the posts are reposts and you've already read it
Starting a fight and then tell me to meet You..if u wanted Mortal Kombat then u should get over here
I need to look at my prescribed medications like drugs and be excited to take them everyday.
I usually tell people that the differences between a porcupine and a person driving a an expensive car is that porcupines have pricks on the outside.
If it's true that we are here to help others, then what exactly are the OTHERS here for?
Someone cracked my whetstone, but dont worry, its fine
we can all agree guns are a problem either that theres too many or not enough
Just finished an excellent book about British comedy legends Morecambe and Wise. By Erica Nurney.
Moving the pub underground is really lowering the bar.
No matter where you go, there you are
I found a book about an amazing basement, it was a best cellar.
According to the BMI chart I'm too short.
Take everything you learned about holding a boomerang and throw it all away.
foolish man complains about torn pocket. Wise man uses it to scratch his balls
A great butcher must really be able to de-liver.
Gravity usually grounds me, but today it's getting me down
My wife blocked me because I post too many bird puns but little does she know, toucan play at that game!
TIL the Dark Ages were so dark because there were so many knights.
I met a soul who was going to sleep so I told him to rest in peace.
Been so bored recently, decided to take up fencing, but my neighbors said theyll call the police if I dont put it back.
This week's lifeguarding class might actually end with someone learning to swim underwater, but I'm not holding my breath.
It's called crystal meth because the people who use it can't afford real diamonds.
If you rearrange all the letters in this sentence, you're dyslexic
People that see money are eye ka-ching.
The frenemy of my frenemy is my frenemy.
DRINK COFFEE...Do stupid things faster and with more energy.
If you eat too much curry, you go into a korma.
"I don't like talking about myself" - An unsuccessful autobiographer
I need you to refrain from refraining
In our house, "doggy style" means I beg and she rolls over and plays dead.
My Proctologist always makes me the butt of his jokes-what an ass!
I used to wake up at the ass crack of Dawn, but then she broke up with me.
Moses went to Mount Olive and pissed off Popeye.
TIL a school of piranhas can strip all the flesh off of a body in less than a minute, but on the downside, I lost my job at the aquarium.
I started out with nothing ... I still have most of it.
A nose walks into a bar and the barman says, "I'm sorry, I can't serve you, you're already off your face !!"
No matter how hard he tries my bald friend just can't part with his comb.
I wanna see the candy first and then I'll get in the van- I'm not stupid!
I slept like a baby last night. I pooped the bed and woke up crying
                  
I asked the pilot how often planes actually crash and he said just once.
I was feeling down so I called Enterprise because I heard they could pick me up
My friend is a drummer and he named his twin daughters anna one anna two.
Youre telling me a cis teen built this chapel?!
Every Lev Tolsty book is a Tolstoy Story
Stephen King has a son named joe and I'm not joking but he is.
A doctor who specializes in Adams apples is a guyneckologist.
I had to hand it to my teacher when she caught me passing a note in class
When writing, Omit needless words.
Pulled into a neighborhood with a sign that said no outlet and I thought that sucks for them not having anything to plug in to.
Feminists can't wait for all of us to get vaccinated to trigger Hisd Himmunity.
I hope I live long enough to see the Covid Boomers make a real difference
I can count on one hand how many hands I've lost in chainsaw accidents
Grave robbers give me the willies.
Detective, I've searched all his pockets, all his luggage, everywhere! No sign of the stolen butt plug.
Imagine you miss a payment on your Tesla and it drives itself back to the dealership.
I'm making a fly on the wall documentary about gloryholes.
I always commemorate Julius Caesar's assassination on 15th March by having a bust up.
Scientists have discovered a cure for apathy but so far nobody cares.
My date loved dinner so much she suggested we do it again but I told her I was full.
Last night I dreamt that I was a muffler and this morning I woke up exhausted.
Why do I keep dreaming about pi today...
Why was Pinocchio excited to go on a blind date with the bird enthusiast? He heard she loves woodpeckers
Anyone know if Bill Clinton is still playing the Whoremonica?
Butt jokes are where I draw the line
I've always found butt jokes to be a bit too cheeky so I'm going to put them behind me
Parkour is a tough act to follow.
Braille birthday cards really make you feel your age.
In hieroglyphics it's eye before flea except after sea.
I made a hormone just by not paying her!
The covid vaccine is just the shot in the arm I need right now
My father is a locksmith, and has been working throughout the COVID lockdown. He's a key worker.
Life as an elevator has its ups and downs
I was thinking about how people seem to read the Bible a whole lot more as they get older, then it dawned on me they were cramming for their finals.
I was thinking about how people seem to read the Bible a whole lot more as they get older, then it dawned on me they were cramming for their finals.
I was thinking about how people seem to read the Bible a whole lot more as they get older, then it dawned on me they were cramming for their finals.
My favourite star trek quote was when Gandalf said "use the force harry"
I'm bad at eating booty. I always half ass it.
Diarrhea is hereditary... It runs in the family.
Maybe she's born with it... Maybe she got it while on vacation in Mexico?
I found a mismatched sock in the laundry and matched it with its solemate.
My Doctor told me I have a long vertical crack in my bottom.
Earth is the best planet in the world.
Charles Dickens ordered a martini and the bartender asked olive or twist.
My doctor diagnosed me with kids, its in the family
Balls are just male boobs
The rule I before E except after C has been empirically disproven by science
use pycho logic to become a psychologist
Dolly Parton should thank her bras for all the support they've given her through the years
Sex addicts and Incels both end up killing a load of kids.
Sex addicts and incel both end up killing a load of kids.
People tell me its strange to idolize the Pillsbury Doughboy, but I think hes a great roll model.
If you're told to expect the unexpected, does it make the unexpected,expected?
My baker was charged with arson because he was skilled with pie roll techniques.
My friend's Bonsai business is doing so well, he's moving to a smaller premises.
Whitney Houston
I thought this was a NASCAR race with all those left turns
Calling yourself O'possum doesn't make you Irish.
Put an Adderall in my butt and couldnt stop twerking.
If my spring allergies dont go away soon Im going to cry
My grandad went down in history, he also fingered a girl in Geography
The Lion King's song "I Just Can't Wait To Be King" is just Simba singing that he can't for his dad to die.
A Step dad is a faux pas
Jokes about people in wheelchairs are a no-go.
If you can't dazzle them with brilliance, baffle them with bullshit.
Floppy Disks are like Jesus, in that they died to become the icon of saving.
The name Otto is an inside out toot
My girlfriend said "I never commit to anything" Well, she's not really my girlfriend.
Yesterday I saw a book called "How to solve 50% of your problems" so I bought 2.
This morning I pushed the snooze button so many times my alarm feels violated.
Bored denture wearers: a glass of water on the bedside table is something good to sink your teeth into.
At football academy I'm getting increasingly bored of always practising the same thing with each passing day.
I passed my genetic engineering exam with flying koalas.
When you die, the last part of your body to stop working is your pupils because they dilate.
Since my wife decided to wear a Burqa, I don't see much of her anymore.
Since my wife and I decided to wear a Burqa, we dont seen much of each other anymore.
Id have told a chemistry joke but I dont think Ill get any reaction
Uncircumcised guys are comfortable in their own skin
New York City should end all human trafficking, there is way too much traffic on these sidewalks!
sleep is an 8 hr free trial of death
I hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious.
I just heard that atheists are trying to get tax exempt status; they are a non-prophet organisation.
I watched some earrape and now I have hearing AIDS..
My dyslexic friend just told me he had a fight, luckily he was OK'd.
A friend of mine once sent me a post card with a picture of the entire planet Earth taken from space. On the back it said, "Wish you were here."
Some people look at things that are, and ask "why?" - I look at things that never were and ask, "why the f*&lt;&amp; would anyone want to do that?"
Dont fight limpets, theyre harder snails
Masturbation is normal but not in the eyes of the Lord.
My CV says: "2010-present: Captain of a freighter exporting nylon pantyhose", so they know I run a tight ship.
My friend took it surprisingly well when she failed to secure any babysitting clients; she said she didn't mind at all.
Monica Lewinsky probably sucked at her job
There once was a dog named Tax. I opened the door and income Tax.
its damn disrespectful that 8 billion people did not die from covid
its damn disrespectful that 8 billion people did not die from covid
its damn disrespectful to those who died from covid that 8 billion people did not die
When I was a poor struggling actor, I had to take a job getting spanked in a BDSM film; I was really strapped for cash back then.
The Keebler elves are so very... "intriguing".
The character of tej in fast and furious is just ludacris
I wouldn't be seen dead at a closed casket funeral.
My friends call me inattentive, but I just ignore them.
A woman was found dead with semen in her eyes and the police think she saw her killer coming.
If you ask the French to treat you like a king youre going to have a bad time.
And while we're on the topic of segues...
Women who are shocked when they see what I've got in my pants are making a fuss about nothing.
So found out Reddit is for people with no life like me
Her body tensed and quivered as she felt wave after wave surge through it and then I realized I should have told her about the new electric fence.
Becoming a flat-earther has really widened my horizons.
Similies are like metaphors.
When my hamster fell down the toilet I tried to save him but I plunged to his death. :(
The first time I met my ex we got along like a house on fire; all the alarm bells were ringing.
Oedipus, what a motherfucker.
a bullet kills 100% of germs but you need too many of them
It's easy to get people to laugh, what's tough is getting them to laugh with you.
I told my SO that I would never lie to her, then I asked her if she wanted to play two truths and a lie.
Masks work because they reduce the spread of dihydrogen monoxide which covid tends to stick to so do your part in fighting dihydrogen monoxide
I've been really looking forward to recover from COVID, regardless of all my friends always telling me to stay positive
I'm really looking forward to recover from COVID, even though all of my friends keep telling me to stay positive
Perfecting voice recognition software means the difference between "Meet Blue, the dog." and "Meat blew the dog"
A chemist froze him self in -273.15 C, everyone thought he was crazy, but he said that he was 0K
Anti-Maskers are mouth breathers.
I've been in the dog house so much lately that I'm now in a lawn distance relationship.
Almost ran into a bison but luckily I was able to steer around.
My phone battery dies faster than the moms in Disney movies
Never available for me my girlfriend must be a busy little beaver.
Pickpocketing is mostly crowdfunded.
Grave robbers are nothing more than a sorry bunch of cryptomaniacs.
If a Dentist wins a competition for best teeth cleaning does he get a plaque
I hate chairs because I just cant stand sitting down
Any bag is an Over Night bag when you order it through Amazon prime
I wake up every morning with a bunch of new zits - my dermatologist says I have sleep acnea.
Canada.ca... that's a sorry sight.
I get paid a full-time salary just to clock on and straight off again at 4:51pm and I've got to agree, working 9 to 5, what a way to make a living.
Since I bought a solar-powered treadmill I've been walking on sunshine.
My fiance tells me to stop eating all the M&amp;Ms, but when I spot them out and put them back k in the jar she gets mad at me
Bees don't waste time trying to explain to flies why honey is better than $#!+
I'm kind of like a tangerine, in that I can't come up with good similes.
Adam did not want the apple for the apple's sake; he wanted it because it was forbidden.
Me replying to an immature text from my bf - I: kid bf: goat*
Covid Or No Covid, Gatherings are Paranoid
I'm writing a book called, "The Complete Idiot's Guide to Stop Beating Yourself Up And Not Being Such a Waste of a Human For Once In Your Life."
i was everyone's sexual-relief attendant in university, so i graduated with a magna cum-load
75%     
When I came to the cruise party with an eyepatch on and a cutlass only to see everyone in suits and ties, I realized I was dressed inappropirately.
I hate people who tell self-deprecating jokes, especially myself.
I make the worlds greatest humble pie but its only for others to eat never me
The Roman army settled at Aquae Sulis and took an early Bath.
Always approach Stevie Wonder from behind because the front is his blind side.
everyone is entitled to their own retarded opinion
Dr. Frankenstein entered a bodybuilding competition and soon discovered he seriously misunderstood the objective.
Masturbation sure does cum in handy.
I'm running for office, because I've slept in late on a work day again.
I'm learning how to be a plumber and my boss keeps telling the customers I'm there for potty training!
I was delighted, when someone stole my flashlight.
Its ironic my family actually survived the Holocaust. Just to be murdered at the Nuremberg trails.
I'm sick of these unborn children's da'fetus attidues
I will never say never
Micropenis gang rise up! Oh it's already up? I'm so sorry...
I was worried about my blood test results, but the doctor told me B positive.
Periods are for panty-liners, not one-liners.
excuse me I got to go take a tronald dump
I dont miss calls,i stare at them
Introvert deathCause of deathToo shy to call Ambulance 
Introvert death Reason-Too shy to call Ambulance 
Introvert death Cause of death -Too shy to call Ambulance 
Suck Martha suck damn it, 'blow' is just a figure of speech
"Mars looks like the sort of place they could've faked the moon landings..." - Milton Jones
Remember kiddies, it's not who you know or even who you blow, it's how well you blow who you know
Now remember kiddies it's not who you know, or even who you blow, it's how well you blow you know
"You haven't officially been our monarch until you've invaded France" -England, probably
I told my son to question everything and he said 'why?'
I wonder if Mr Potatohead is able to mashturbate?
She told me she could go make money on any street corner. Bitch please how you going to sell something you can barely give away.
The surgical operation to change a woman into a man is called an add_a_dick_to_me
If you buy a new vacuum cleaner and it sucks do you return it ?
They started giving Viagra to men in retirement homes, it keeps them from rolling out of bed at night
Statistically you're more likely to be killed by a werewolf, than you are of seeing one.
My girl told me "on a scale of 1 to 10 you're an 8". I told her piss on you too
I'm an English major, you do the math
My wife and I have hallway sex, anytime we meet in the hall we shout "FUCK YOU" "NO, FUCK YOU".
Why do people buy sham poo when real poo is free?
Police station toilet stolen. Cops have nothing to go on
(holding can of mixed nuts) The doctor put me on a low sodium diet, would you be so kind as to lick the salt off these nuts
I know you think you understood what I said, but what you heard is not what I meant
What did the old man say to the scientists who invented Viagra? Good job, keep it up.
I remember the first time I recoiled in terror, but my mom took me home anyway.
My earliest memory is going to a party with my dad and going home with my mom
You know you're getting old when a back rub sounds better than a BJ
It's called a "roach clip" because "pot holder" was taken
I lost the use of my left arm but I don't use that as a crutch
FREE CRUISE ? The rest home must be sending us on a trip to Africa, staff keeps pointing at me and whispering "See Nile".
my week:oneday snoozeday whatday blursday friedday sat al day and sumday
Did you ever notice how we drive on a parkway and park on a driveway?
whoever named them missiles wasn't very optimistic
I remember they told me I have the memory of an elephant and the ass of a goldfish.
I have a glass eye but I am not sure who's it is.
I asked my new girlfriend when her birthday was and she said march first so I marched around the house and then asked her when her birthday was.
My advice to walkers with severe diarrhea is to sit down regularly and take a load off of your feet.
Anyone interested in time travel meet me here last Thursday at 7pm.
I always give a hundred and ten per cent, alternatingly.
I have a question for all of the mind readers out there
Local police have attended a report of a lady without underwear climbing a ladder and said they'll be following up on this.
Two chess players get in a relationship; They Mate
Too many cocks spoil the brothel.
Only the French would name a city, "To lose".
I just read my wifes lips, they said "phbbbbbt"
Every year Santa delivers presents to kids, based on what their parents income is.
Really sick and tired of telling a robot, that I'm not a robot.
I was buying some coconut shampoo the other day, then I remembered...I don't even have a coconut
My wife and I don't want kids so if anyone does, we can drop them off tomorrow.
Some furries are bearable.
To avoid painful surprises, you shouldnt ask someone to marry you unless you know them so well you already know the answer is no
Never bring a pun to a knife fight!
Imagine a really big teck deck, but for your feet. Oh nevermind
I have a collection of testicles, that's just nuts!
I'd like to think cars for getting me to where I am today.
I have a collection of testicles, which is just nuts.
Co-Vid would be a much better name for Zoom.
The Chief Of Police is just a COP.
Jeff Bezos is stepping down from Amazon, to spend more time with his money.
I heard a drummer playing some Buddie Rich covers, and I said "that's Rich, coming from you!".
People say my skincare routine is dangerously flawed but I think I can iron out the wrinkles.
I asked my new girlfriend when her birthday was and she said march first so I marched around the house and then asked her when her birthday was.
I asked my new girlfriend when her birthday was and she said march first so I marched around the house and then asked her when her birthday was.
Facebook? More like Asspamphlet.
Whats up? My blood pressure.
to protect and serve (corporations)
Mickey mouse decided to divorce minnie mouse when he realized she was f**king goofy!
I couldn't find a panty-liner so used a one-liner, and the mods were right it can't contain a period.
"My friend says you haven't lived until you've tasted his homemade carbonara, which is a weird stance on abortion if you ask me." - Andy Field
Since the factory demoted me to 'seatbelt tester' I've been strapped for cash.
I tripped once again. I can't stand it!
Merlin made this mere line
Pornhub now has a category for Coronavirus videos. It's for sick fucks.
If you have a coop of egg laying cluckers - does that make you a chicken tender?
Ice is pretty cool
The inventor of oxymorons is a fucking wanker.
"My friend says you haven't lived until you've tasted his homemade carbonara. Weird stance on abortion, if you ask me." - Andy Field
My ex wife misses me, but her aim is getting better
An uber driver asked me how I was going. I said "by car"
Hearing aids should be called Gramplifiers.
Gloves should be called handy-caps.
The fire investigator said arson caused the fire but I told him we didn't have a son.
I asked the baker if it would be hard to make me a small treat. He said it was a piece of cake.
I was going to post a great incontinence joke, but it's already been leaked.
One lonely Beastie I be
My pony doesn't neigh because he's a little hoarse
I was on an adventure with a girl, a scarecrow, and a lion the other day but I didn't have the heart to tell them it was a fool's errand
I knocked the tube of toothpaste off the bathroom counter. I was crestfallen.
I moved to Lebanon because I like my women with a fattoush
My ex Gf used to be in a highly abusive relationship... until we broke up.
Two 'Math For Dummies' books at $14.99 each so that will be $57.00 sir.
I asked my Dad if we are pyromaniacs and he replied Yes we arson.
Its about time Letters to Cleo updated their name to Emails to Chloe
Theres a new movie about premature ejaculators, its coming soon
monke
Sorry to Bust your Bubble, those aren't real.
Does anyone have any stories of incorporating one liners into stories as icebreaker conversations? Looking to make a YouTube video on the topic.
I'm so competitive, that I went to the pet store to buy a Terriest.
I've broken out in a rash, but hopefully it's just from the stress of escaping from prison.
I've broken out in a rash, but hopefully it's just from stress of escaping from prison.
I love renting cars so much it Hertz
I'm pleased to say I no longer suffer flashbacks of the time someone flashed their bum at me; in fact I'm completely over the moon.
Percussion provides the beat to every-ting!
"I can't sleep at night unless the door is open just a crack, but apparently 'that's not allowed in this prison'." - Gary Delaney
Condoms prevents minivans.
I kept getting prank called by an alligator, but when my friend described the difference in teeth I knew it was a Croco-dial.
I am trapped under Big Ben because I tried to keep it from falling so now I have nothing but time on my hands.
I decided to turn myself into the police earlier, so I started barking orders at people and drove through red lights.
If you ate tide pods and used gorilla glue as a hair product there is cotton candy in the attic!
I won the Arm Wrestling World Championships single handedly.
You should always be discrete about your little indiscretions.
Monke.
Meaningless tautologies are what they are.
You call an old man in Mexico an seor citizen.
Never stick your penis into a bag of cashews, that's fucking nuts.
Without question, I could never work for the paparazzi.
So I organized a threesome the other day, there were a couple of no shows but I still had a great time.
AA triple-A: roadside assistance, one day at a time.
One anime scene / dialogue that changed your perspective to look at a thing??
They were giving free stuff away at the rec centre, but by the time I got there it was all for nothing.
I think I need to go to the doctor because 1 of my testicles is bigger than the other 2.
Earlier I saw a girl on tinder who said that food was the quickest way to her heart, but I'm willing to bet that a scalpel is much much quicker.
Did you know 4 out of 3 people struggles with maths.
"My friend doesnt like to talk about his psoriasis; hed rather just sweep it under the carpet." - Jake Lambert
Some people having an argument on their canal boat. Bit of argy bargy.
I asked my dermatologist what he recommends for eczemas, and he said a tree with decorations on it.
My friend said he saw a Bear on his way to work today but I wondered how he knew he was on his way to work.
Go fuck yourself if you want to, you do you.
Do what makes you happy, you can go fuck yourself if you want to , you do you.
It was the best of Shires-it was the Worcestershires.
I woke up to a terrible dream of my ex chasing me as a ghost. But, then I quickly went back to sleep realising he did not have a soul.
That awkward moment when you realize your guide dog is blind too!
Is it just me, or is a good camouflage expert hard to find.
Any dog can be a guide dog, if you don't care where you're going.
Just found out Bruce Lee had a brother called Brocco.
When people call me attentive, I just ignore them
I think someone's been Watering down my Whiskey but I don't have the Proof.
Spirits can't win the lottery, they don't stand a ghost of a chance.
This is my imaginary friend, Blimpa - she's really good at hide and seek. (From my daughter, age 4)
Obesity is a huge problem.
A man recently committed suicide the day before his wedding, talk about cold feet!
I just made some dandruff from scratch!
I ain't bragging, but I've just passed my Paintball test with flying colours.
It's german sausage I fear the wurst.
These ammo prices are great for suicidal people that only have $2
I have a daughter called Iris, which is great, because if we say her name the wrong way she can answer any questions we might have.
"Im pleased to be getting a beer belly; Ive always wanted a father figure." - Cam Spence
The basic idea of Daft Punk was called Draft Punk
Sometimes instead of brushing my teeth before bed I chew a piece of gum.
With the first cut on your birthday cake, you should bisect it - that way you can halve your cake and eat it too.
I bet jellyfish are sad there are no peanut butter fish.
Have you ever noticed that all the instruments searching for intelligent life are pointed away from earth?
As an English teacher, spelling mistakes make me psyc
Spelling mistakes make me psyc
I wish I could find an ugly woman who loves dogs as much as I do.
The Chernobyl incident must have been an irradiating experience
Me and my girlfriend have been really getting into swinging lately, every day after school I take her to the playground.
"Planning meals in advance, now that's some food forethought." - Andy Field
"I asked for a wake-up call at a hotel and they said, 'You're a drug addict and you're killing yourself.'" - Andy Field
Justice takes time and patience to make, if it was quick and easy it would be Justwater.
Kids are so stressing that I have a pair of drinks as soon as they leave for school, and now they're firing me because apparently I am "the worst kindergarten teacher ever"...
When lockdown is over and people cant face going back to the office will they be suffering from StuckHome Syndrome?
Change for a penny makes no cents.
Its better to have tulips on your organ than roses on your piano.
Hey, you guys remember that joke about how people with depression and anxiety often suffer from major memory loss?
I refuse to work with compost! It's degrading.
I saw my local road sweeper in a nice suit at a wedding and I said 'you scrub up well'
I'm fed up with my neighbours complaining the volume on my TV is too loud; honestly, I've had it up to here.
The restaurant undercooked my duck dinner and now I'm feeling down in the mouth.
I went so long without a shower that I made evolution more obvious.
Cement shoes for sale, accepting best Hoffa
My goal in life is to take a trip to the Sun but to be safe I'm gonna go at night.
99% of German Shepherds are dogs.
If I get a dollar for my every sexist remark, I would get as many girls I want.
There are so many kinds of averages but people mostly use the one where you add everything together and divide by how many, because that's the meanest.
I prefer baking bread without flour - I have nothing to prove.
If you don't know what an enigma is, then it's a mystery.
I can't seem to find the time to look for my watch.
Why is my covid vaccine being heated up in a spoon
When I blow out the candles on my birthday cake I always make a wish; that being said, it never comes true.
When I blow out the candles on my birthday cake I make a wish; that being said, it never comes true.
I am so hard on cash, my wallet just gave me an anal.
I am so hard on cash, my wallet just gave an anal.
A dermatologists didnt prescribe Cortisone got disbarred
If I ever have to stop kickboxing...
The prices for "Sudocrem replacements" is sore ring.
OK, just so everybody's clear, I'm going to put my glasses on.
Whoever came up with the scratch and sniff anesthesiology book for medical school didn't think things through.
Whoever came up with the scratch and sniff anesthesiology book didn't think things through.
My deaf girlfriend broke up with me because she was tired of me giving her the silent treatment.
I was gonna post a great one liner but I think you guys already reddit.
90% of Japanese people have cataracts- the other 10% drive rincolns.
The young couple next to me have just made a sex tape. Obviously they dont know yet.
I want to start a bird feeding company.
It goes without saying
What is the primary duty of women? To woo men.
I just read that Hitler kept his Armies in his Sleavies.
I have seen many birds in my day, but there is no such thing as a true blue parrot!
That moment you realise who sang Take On Me.
A plague of locusts and a plague of frogs seems like a self-correcting problem
My girlfriend says I'm too skeptical, but I doubt it.
I have spent my entire childhood in a box, so, now I am looking for a guy who lets me live in a cage. I too have a dream of breathing fresh air.
I was getting into a pantomime horse costume with Arnold Schwarzenegger and I said 'lol good one Arnie'.
I was pissed off when I found a spider on my toilet seat and so was he.
Once again back in the hospital for my narcism treatment, I always seem to check myself out.
After I went to the doctors about my depression a friend collected me and drove me home, which was a bit of a pick-me-up.
After I went to the doctors about my depression a friend collected me and drove me home, which was bit of a pick-me-up.
Infatuation is being head-over-heels in love with an obese person.
Dislexia is a hell of a drug
When the Nile river delta is submerged by rising sea levels it'll make the mouth water.
They say 'all roads lead to Rome' and 'when in Rome do as the Romans do', so I showed up to my first driving lesson dressed as a centurion.
I wish my wife would stop pretending we dont have an insect infestation, shes so ignore ant
Taller people sleep longer in bed.
Ted Cruz is horrible, he is ruining the name "Ted" for the rest of us - Ted Kaczynski
The Vet told me the barking could be from fear or hunger or separation anxiety or that he's a dog.
Gay men are fucking assholes.
Took my girlfriend Axe throwing. The staff at Home Depot were pissed.
Pressing F5 is so refreshing!
Home is where the fart is
I was jumping about shouting "Moooom! This pasta sauce I'm cooking is too watery!" until she told me to simmer down.
I find that a good oxymoron is hard to find.
If you haven't tried Bear Grylls new cocktail bar yet, urine for a treat.
I'm a vegan, but only until I eat
Be open minded, but not so open minded that your brains fall out. - Groucho Marx
I was looking at a jar of molasses and wondered to myself: what do they do with the rest of the mole?
When I make my first million I'm switching from 2-ply toilet paper to white bread.
I dont have sex, I have sex appeal.
When my daughter asked me if trees poop I told her that's how we get number 2 pencils.
When my daughter asked me if tree's poop I told her that's how we get number 2 pencils.
When my daughter asked me if tree's poop I to old her that's how we get number 2 pencils.
A lot of people believe Jesus wasnt white. Catholics are pretty sure he was a cracker.
Coffee really isn't my cup of tea.
There's a 60% chance of snow today but only a 10% chance of that.
If you cry in the shower, it looks like you're extra good at crying.
I saw it on the tv with my own eyes.
The chewing gum was launched into the Orbit.
a  + b  = c 
With all these executive orders it seems this new president is biden off more than he can chew.
Expecting to find a "ride-or-die" romantic partner is like expecting your primary source of income to be lottery winnings.
Now that my friends know I have money, there are no free meals and worse, when there are, I'm stuck with the bill.
Do all churches with automatic doors have automatic windows?
When Rene Descartes was asked if he would like a beer he said I think not and he disappeared.
My grandad always used to say "never a lender or borrower be", and got fired from his role as the library manager.
Jasmine and lavender, to put my two cents in.
If a female wanted surgery to become a male would the procedure be called an Addadicktome?
Shout out to people with hearing aids.
Self-knowledge is a purple vegetable so beetroot yourself.
People who walk fast are beyond me.
Sometimes I feel as useless as a one-legged field goal kicker.
All international schools are world class
My girlfriend said I am not very good at making love under the limbo bar and I thought that was just a low blow.
I'm not saying it's a panacea, but smoking meat tends to cure it.
I was very concerned when my doctor told me to take my pants off and throw them on the chair next to his!!!
If I sit in rice will it fix me?
I'D LIKE TO GIVE A SHOUT OUT TO ALL THE LIBRARIANS...oh I'm sorry.
I once sent a message to God asking him to make me a better person, but as I pressed send I noticed that stupid fucking piece of shit autocorrect changed the word to bitter
I've lost the will... to inherit.
Beer nuts are $1.50; deer nuts are under a buck.
Today I thought that I should expose myself to more art, so I dropped my pants right in the middle of the gallery.
This year for lent Im giving up abstinence.
Sitting down goes against everything I stand up for
I saw a boxer put his opponent in a jar with some dried fruit, sugar, and spices; he was making mincemeat out of him.
If medusa went speed dating she would only meet stoners.
When the comedian carried on after the punchline I thought this is getting beyond a joke
My friend took it surprisingly well when she got fired from her nursing job after one second; she said couldn't have cared less.
Driving through the forest today I saw a boy with a bear behind.
I was on the edge of a bridge threatening to jump in front of a train because my girlfriend left me, but a bystander said forget about it, it's water under the bridge.
I regretted loudly announcing to my date and the whole restaurant that I'd just shat in my pants; I just couldn't hold it in.
My girlfriend didn't care for the vase of gunk i got her for valentines day, but I thought it was a nice sediment.
Circumcision divided by pi equals half the diameter.
Speaking of dirty things....... Do you know what's hard?.... A four letter word.... Dick
The better dressed your snowman, the faster you kill him.
sex isnt all its up cracked to be
The worst part about being a prostitute has to be the annual horoscopes.
Crackheads wnd drug addicts are a dying breed nowadays.
Why are people with no rhythm the most romantic?
People with no rhythm spend their whole life looking for the one
Some sandwiches don't need upgrades, but this sub needs mods
I'm not gonna lie folks, I just put my hand on the bible and swore
Watching my easily amused dog chasing his tail, made me realize I was watching a dog chase his tail.
I walked into an interrogation room and asked it, "Why don't you put some furniture in here to liven you up?!"
When it come to penis size, we all just want to belong.
Every time God closes a door, he opens a window. So you know who to blame when your local church is burgled.
I called the Urology department and the Nurse asked me if I could hold!
A plastic surgeon walks into a bar, and now needs a nose job.
Mt doctor gave me the worst circumcision; it was a rip off.
You shouldnt lie cheat and steal cuz doing all 3 at once is how you get caught
100 Best One Liner Compilation
Back when they were thinking of what to name the 24-hour unit of time, they got really tired and just decided to call it a day.
The topic of 3D movies is quite polarizing.
My friend told me to just bite the bullet and go to the dentist, but that's what screwed up my teeth in the first place.
Why did the fat man go to hell?
Are you Valentines Day? Cause I wanna be alone on you
Just got pulled over for driving in the carpool lane, this cops gonna look like an  when I open the trunk.
The greatest irony in my life is that I keep watching Groundhog's Day over and over.
I'm a really efficient person, for instance, I used to be a 7th day Adventist and now I'm down to a 5th day Adventist.
Happy Valentines Cliff, you've been my rock.
Treadmills are a good investment in the long run.
I'm cologne but the C is silent
My dad told me masturbating makes you blind. I said, Hey dad, Im over here.
I told my doctor I hurt my leg in several places. He told me to stop going to those areas.
Some people think a clown could be serial killer, but I don't believe it.
you might be a pro but im the worlds greatest crastinator
My gynecologist fell over on his coffee break; you could say he slipped between the cracks.
I pulled the trigger too early in a wild-west duel and went off half-cocked, when the other guy shot me in the dick.
Rick Springfield looked into his neighbor's yard and thought I wish I had Jesse's grill.
My grandfather, on his deathbed, sold me this watch.
If an auto-flush toilet go off while I'm still sitting on it, it scares the shit out of me.
So what if I don't know what an Armageddon means? It's not the end of the world.
It's hard to get the big picture when you have such a small screen.
Good dads are hard to find, but bad dads are *very* hard to find.
I saw a Miata today... it ran a man over
I had an original Tommy Cooper joke ready, but then forgot it.........just like that
I wonder if a group of deaf people can have herd mentality.
So I was getting my hearing test the other day... it megahert
I ate a clock yesterday, it was very time-consuming.
I told my doctor I hurt my arm in several places. He told me not to go to those areas.
r/Oneliners is now looking for moderators! (Also: the state of the subreddit)
I'm trying to figure out who scuffed my car but my investigation has only scratched the surface
Coldplay's Fix You takes on an entirely different meaning if sung to a dog.
Having a child with the wrong person is the same as a life sentence in prison.
My dad asked me if I'd seen the dog bowl and I said no but then hours later I thought of something funny I could've said so I hid the dog bowl when mum came home.
Undercooked meat is a rare treat.
I wore a blue shirt to Best Buy and long story short, I'm covering for Debbie this weekend.
How can my wife expect me to be a better husband when doesn't specify to which wife she's referring to?
Of all the utensils that were invented to eat rice, how did two sticks win?
Movie Idea: The story of Oedipus as told by Samuel L. Jackson
If Cinderella's shoe fits perfectly then why did it fall off?
Simba voted mane attraction at local zoo.
Cool lion smokes with pride.
Drastic drop in beauty standards after LA mass suicide.
I'm such a virgin, that even flipping a coin, won't give me head.
If I had a penny for every time iv been robbed by a Jew, I wouldn't have a penny...
Some people get confused if a sentence does not end as they potato.
Bigfoot is sometimes confused with Sasquatch, Yeti never complains.
They should have named the third Matrix movie Matrix: Revenge of the Smith.
Judaism Israeli good
I'm a programmer and I wanna become a social media manager - It's funny because I'm serious.
Do women in labor have contractual obligations?
I'm dealing with my mesothelioma risk asbestos I can.
Ever since I stopped wearing a watch I feel like I've had a lot less time on my hands
Hindsight is *so* last year.
If pigs could fly, bacon would be leaner.
If pigs could fly, bacon would be leaner.
So, if revenge is a dish best served cold. AND revenge is sweet,...is revenge Ice Cream?
I cheated on my wife with her Siamese twin
They put hydraulics under the stands for the town hall Q&amp;A and its raising a lot of questions
Overheating joysticks are a hot button issue
I lost my fog machine after I left it on for too long
Latest News: Local priest falls asleep during sermon.
And we'll, well, to stop a strong lorry, sport, throw down the chockers.
Karma and dogma aren't quite apparent, as by themselves, they are two mothers, and go no farther.
Latest News: Pop band 'The Propellers' reach out to huge fan base.
Latest News: Local priest falls asleep during sermon.
Would Satan please change his name to Stan?
Latest News : Tiger compliments chef on "deerlicious" meal.
If you found the camouflage cloths at the store - dont buy them, they clearly dont work.
I always turn down Alphabet soup in favor of Ramen numerals.
My mum asked me if i'd seen the dog bowl; I said I didn't know he could.
The Foo Fighters are missing a trick by not releasing a song called "Waiting on a thaw"
I can actually remember the exact moment I learned that bears love honey. I was addressing a group of them about the fact that the Bee's have disappeared, they were all ears.
How many times must I tell you that I never repeat myself!
Masks protect you from other peoples fists and possibly a little from their breath
(Sing to Thats Amore) When the father is not, the man who you thought, that's on Maury
Yo who's Dixon Yarmouth?
Say what you want about male pornstars but at least they work hard
I never made my first communion because I was afraid of getting his dick.
The cocaine I bought was so white, the police let it go with a warning.
I finally got 8 hours of sleep! It only took me 4 days, but I think it still counts.
if you attempt to fail and succeed, which have you done?
100 Best Oneliner Jokes
Snow should a dark mode
There's just no simple way to describe menstrual cramps. Period.
We tried catching the chemical thieves but they were just too phosphorus.
There's no appropriate way to express the satisfaction of a succulent eggplant meal via emoji.
An interviewer asked me how well i can perform under pressure; I said Im much better at Bohemian Rhapsody.
An interviewer asked if i can perform under pressure; i said i'm much better at Bohemian Rhapsody.
If reddit is the question, didit is the answer.
My 7 year old nephew was crying about not being able to open his birthday presents early, and it just made things worse when I told him good things come to those who wait.
Before Boaz was married, he was very ruthless.
If i were a superhero i'd be He'nt Man
When I'm darning socks I just thread the needle, get a small square of cloth, and so on.
I have seen the prophecy and its lazy writing
Pinnochio walked into a gay bar and claimed to be straight
Remarkable
The writing on the wall was blurry, so I couldnt read the room.
A little bird told me I don't know the polite way to refer to people of small stature
Splitting the bill with feminists on a date, can we call this "taste of equality" ??!
I want to open an underground sex club called the 4th basement.
Some people say their hair turns blonde in the sun. Mine turned gray.
Some people say their hair turns blond in the sun. Mine turned gray.
If pigs could fly, bacon would be leaner.
I wear a balaclava to bed so if there's a home invasion, they'll think I'm part of the team.
A police officer's uniform is a law suit
The piano is the hardest instrument to pick up.
If you're hearing voices, you should talk to someone.
Bumper sticker idea: Proud child of [school name] honor student
Never fall for click-bait again with this one easy trick!
I used to think I'd never become a ninja but now I'm shuriken
There are two kinds of people in this worldThose who can extrapolate from incomplete data.
Can one who teaches Tor (a piece of software for torrenting) be called a TorMentor?
Call me the biggest slave at the auction
__________________
Pepperonis are great, but nothing tops a plain cheese pizza.
My tires are tired so Ill retire my car and retire my tires
Whst happens if you get addicted to rehab?
I was in the car with a backseat driver the other day and I had to laugh, every time Mr Tickle reached around my side to the steering wheel.
Drilling holes is boring.
My colleagues say the way I make tea is disgusting, but I always take it with a pinch of salt.
I dropped my phone into the hole under the toilets at a music festival and had to climb down inside to fish it out. I was really down in the dumps.
Flirting is making a baby step for baby-making steps
My preference in sexual partners has never really changed, by and large.
We're the heart, and you're the soul; we do all the work and you probably don't exist.
Grandad was furious when I got caught short at the beach and shat in his sombrero, but then I washed it in the sea we buried the hatchet.
I was in the car with a backseat driver the other day. I had to laugh, every time Mr Tickle reached around my side to the steering wheel.
I know a guy who grows fables for a living. He's a parable farmer.
Masturbation is necrophilic when youre dead inside
The bull told the obviously lying cow to cut his shit.
I was never a big fan of beards, but now, it's starting to grow on me.
Since its epilepsy day alot of shops are having flash sales.
R.I.P
Making jokes about people with COVID symptoms is in poor taste.
Never ask a starfish for directions.
I don't do 1 night stands...30 minutes is plenty.
No matter how far you push the envelope, it will always be stationary.
i have question why maniacs exist when theres midgets?
The NorthFace now sells underwear by the name of SouthFace.
To the guy who invented the number zero, thanks for nothing
My nickname in college was "The Love Machine" because I sucked at tennis.
I learned Morse code and then I couldn't sleep because the rain kept telling me to go fuck myself.
I learned Morse code and then I couldn't sleep because the rain kept telling me to go fuck myself.
If I had a DeLorean, I would probably only drive it from time to time.
I once asked my Chinese girlfriend what kind of tea she wanted to drink while dropping my pants just because I wanted one time in my life where someone reacts with Oolong when they see it.
Do we really need icebreaking? Isn't it already breaking
What do you call it when Batman skips church?
Why is everything so expensive? Even the price of hiring a doppelganger has doubled.
Cats are entry level demons.
Uranus was discovered by asstronomers.
I once watched a horror film about a chandelier that was very suspenseful.
Glass coffins...will they be popular? Remains to be seen!
Why is a group of squids not called a SQUAD?
Duck autocorrect!
Once you realise suicide is an option, the worlds your oyster.
I had a digital eye exam after my digital rectal exam and you won't believe the crap I saw.
Sign here to say you'll never do an autograph again.
Duck my autocorrect!!!!
I must be making coffee wrong because every time I put in a little it always comes out a latte.
I put my thermals on inside out this morning and almost froze to death in my own apartment.
325 days until CHRISTMAS
Edward Snowden is well qualified to be a referee, a traffic cop, or a crossing guard because he's a top whistleblower.
Autocorrect socks!
Life is calculus , the value of ex tends to zero.
I clean my Office Windows using microfiber because it's Microsoft.
I don't trust the Chinese Mandarin language because there are so many questionable characters.
Never tried heroin, but it's worth a shot.
Just listened to a conspiracy theorist who just talked incessantly and wouldn't shut up - I think he belonged to Q Anon anon anon.
Lionel Richie says hello.
are you an elevator?? because I can go up and down on you.
I caught your diarrhea of the mouth and got diarrhea of the ballot
Hate how psychics cost a fortune these days.
Advertise Free to Thousands of Online Customers at Fmclassifieds.com
I read the Karma Sutra to help me get upvotes.
The entire alphabet crossed the street but only J got a ticket
My mailman got a sex change, so now he's really a post-man; guess he had the wrong package.
One pretty well-kept secret is that I'm terrible at keeping secrets
My mailman got a sex change, so one can call him a post-man; guess he had the wrong package.
Some say I can be easily distracted but
an *ELIPSE_is* ... A no-Liner
An _ELIPSis_ ... is a No-Liner
An ELIPSE *is* (...) a no Liner!
An ELIPSE-*is* a '"no-Liner" '. . .
The ceiling fan isn't my favorite piece of furniture, but it's up there.
its no crime to be innocent of murdering that guy in the bar last week who insulted me until proven guilty
If alcohol affects your short term memory, imagine what alcohol could do
Stick to one wall, Spaghetti Tester.
Taxidermy is a dead art form.
Listen if any of you can fix hinges, my door is always open
Buying condoms on sale is getting more bang for your buck.
No one in my friends group likes the concept of mob-mentality.
My life coach encouraged me to follow my dreams, but as I cannot fly, it did not work out very well
I ran a sculpting studio, until it went bust.
I got a new job stitching shoes; it was so-so.
I quit my job at the helium gas factory  I didnt like being spoken to in that tone.
The Avatar probably gave the Fire Nation a bad case of Aangxiety.
No point in being fatalistic, since we're all going to die someday anyway
Theres a moment in the cremation process where the meat is perfectly cooked.
To cop: You no those electric speed limit signs by the school? They only go up to 99 mph.
High heels are my arch enemies.
Autocorrect can go to hell
I told my friend I think he has dissociative identity disorder but I disagree
Captain asked me to fill all the holes in the ship but then slugged me when I got to his wife
Life is like a box of chocolates, you throwaway the shitty ones
The only positive thing about me is the result of my Covid test.
If a tattoo artist accepts sex from a woman as payment, thats tit for tat.
When I was at school I was great at history oh wait, no I wasnt.
Im not a competitive person Ill be the first to admit it.
There's something ironic about a nun, in a wheelchair, promoting VirginMobile.
My New Year's resolution is to be more punctual.
I tried to warn my cousin about the dangers of Russian Roulette but he wouldn't listen, in one ear and out the other.
My fiend was beaten up by a group of mimes, they did unspeakable things.
Having a Kid...
The difference between economical and ecological is logical
I swear I get the weirdest responses to my adverts trying to find seamen for my tug job
Centaurs were initially man/donkeys but they realized that was half-assed
When a Ninja suffers a wound or damage to a part of his body, is it called a Ninjury?
If you live in New England, you know that the letter R was pronounced dead a long time ago.
Since all these redditors got rich using the GME stocks, I'm investing my money into anime body pillows.
I'm a tug addict due to pier pressure
Just bought a sweet car online, previously owned by Neil Diamond.
I just started an airplane company.
Do they allow loud laughing in Hawaii or just a low ha.
NSFW content can still be pretty holesome
I let my veggies ferment and now I'm really in a pickle
Tom is short for Thomas, but Tom Cruise is short for a man.
As a dyslexic physicist, I was pretty nervous for my trip to the large hardon collider
As a dyslexic physicist, I was pretty nervous pretty nervous for my trip to the large hardon collider
Just a little cocaine
I was going to buy a cute girl a coldcut sandwich but that seemed a little ham-handed
Sometimes I really feel bad about all the shit toilets go through.
My butt
If you put my dick on a keyboard it reaches from A to Z.
"dammit I'm mad" spelt backwards is "dammit I'm mad"
Is it consensual to lick a girls toes after her foot has fallen asleep?
Is it consensual to lick a girls toes after he foot has fallen asleep?
My shoes &amp; socks are sole-mates.
I'm reading a book about optimism; it's impossible to put down.
Peter Parker should've been a web designer.
My waterbed has good support because it uses spring water.
STEM degrees are pure math-ochism
Blackjack is probably the most popular cards game in Africa.
The best dessert is that on who prepares your dinner
You can beat a dead horse, but teach a dead horse to beat its self and it will be beat for the rest of its life.
Is Butthole one word, or should I spread it apart?
I care about what people have to say, I don't care what anybody says.
You can have one small onion and that shallot.
Unexpected pregnancy saves alot of people from early suicide.
The worst one-liner was probably the Titanic.
Say what you want about coin collecting, but it's the only hobby where you end up saving money
Im actually an expert on this topic I watched a video essay on it
I would castrate myself if I had the balls to do it
Autocorrect has become my worst enema.
my wife is my baby so my mother-in-law my baby mama
GameStop on Robinhood, where you can exit but not enter, is the opposite of Hotel California.
Noisy People
A hole in your pants beats pants in your hole
They say you are what you eat, which explains why I cant stop eating fellow cannibals.
Casting couches make me gag.
An eye for an eye is a really bad trade
and then i said thats not a walrus, thats my girlfriend!
At A Deer Orgy I Felt Like A Million Bucks
I saw someone running away with my gold necklaces. I shouted, AU! Get back here!.
Optometrist annual gala is called, "The Eyeball".
Planning has already started for the Trump Presidential Lie-brary.
I can only see you with my eyes closed
people who argue against whataboutism, often use whataboutism.
Money earned by sailors : Sewage
What's considered trashy if you're poor, but classy if you're rich?
Vacuuming Sucks
Before was was was, was was is.
i dunno but, what happening now is a sure GameStoper.
Who called it gardeners and not hedge fund managers?
A trading app that does not allow trading is not a trading app but a malware.
If you kill a stuttering prisoner he won't be able to finish his sentence.
All this time I thought cancel culture meant giving up dairy.
Vacuuming sucks.
Shaquille O'Neal is a man I've always looked up to.
Of all the animals, I really wonder why my girlfriend wants me to eat donkey tonight
I made a belt out of herbs; what a waist of thyme.
Digging holes is such a bore.
Reddit turned Wall Street into Wail Street.
Does anyone else get pumped to play a game ?
He died defending the honour of his land. She died refusing to share with him the potato chips on her stomach...
Medicine
If a ram is a lamb and a donkey is an ass, why is a ram in the ass a goose?
I only have one asterisk
The theft of a wheel off my tricycle has forced me to appreciate my new bike.
Pumping septic tanks is a job where you take a lot of shit from people.
When I go camping with my wife I want it to be relaxing but it always ends up fucking in tents
When I go camping with my wife I want it to be relaxing but it always ends up two in tents
The inside of a Tauntaun is luke warm
Ambiguity is my middle name. Or is it?
I can never tell what my fish wants, why does he have to be so coy?
How unsettling it is to know blinds are called blinds and not something else
Two out of one women are twins
Uranus was discovered by asstronomers.
I got an invitation to join an Acne Support Group. I made a decision on the spot.
Normalise bitchslapping anyone who wants to date artist but can't sit through an album.
Don't upset your stomach guys, or else, he'll give you a sh**y day.
Have you tried blind folded archery? You don't know what you're missing.
When it comes to civil forfeiture, you have to hand it to the American police.
I like jokes that end with Im sorry. Im sorry.
I swallowed a thesaurus and now I am lugubrious.
harriet tubman $20 bills are only worth $12.
A German soldier walks into a BAR
I guess discriminating against trial mix lovers is legal because I got fired for asking to taste my boss nutsnack
If I make carrying around a broomstick my thing, would that be considered a broomschtick?
These new corona virus strains are causing another global arms race.
Showing off your mediocre ass is a weird flex, butt okay
Did you know that 50% of women can vote? Yikes.
Kobe finally passed
I came to the realization that I have a sexual fetish for intellectual breakthroughs
I'm dying to find the right religion for me.
I never finish anythi
Some random prick has the resources to conduct space exploration on his own just because he built a website at the right time, and the weirdest part is that you don't necessarily know *which one* I'm talking about.
There are two kinds of people in this world, those that easily fit into categorical stereotypes and those who dont.
Back in highschool my old friends and I all pitched in for a bag of weed. You could call it a joint operation.
Nothing will unite America like impeaching a President who is no longer in office.
The Manhattan Project was da bomb.
a therapist told me to write letters to my enemies and then burn them, but she didnt tell me what to do with all the goddamn letters.
A strong wind and Rick Flair have at least one thing in common.
Im not an ass kind of guy, butt...
I was gonna say a gay joke, butt fuck it...
The moment a gratuity is given to a waiter is known as the tipping point
Some people are like clouds. When they disappear its a brighter day.
Tried to donate blood today but they had too many questions about where I got it.
Bragging about your strength is a weird flex
Pulling out is a miss conception
Statistically, there are more planes at the bottom of the ocean than there are submarines in the sky.
My dream job is to teach photography at a school for the blind
If cat learned kung fu, would it be called kung paw?
The kids just broke my window plying baseball...
Life should be like a tennis score...
I just found out my girlfriend is a ghost but to be honest, I had my suspicions from the moment she walked through the door.
I was the first person to install trampolines in musician's tour buses and now everybody is jumping on the bandwagon.
A lot of people rate Michael Jackson's music highly. I listened to one of his tracks today, and thought it was Bad.
I was born without an opinion, I've been told it's a debilitating condition
Im too busy trying to keep up with the laundry to worry about keeping up with the Joneses.
Buildings are never finished, because if they were, theyd all be built.
In the lifespan of a cabbage, every period is a rough age
'Enter The Dragon' would've been a completely different movie if it had starred Donkey from Shrek.
Sparadigm shift: the moment you remember you called him Al, it used to be Al all the time.
I chipped the bottom of the toilet this morning, I shit a brick.
Im an orphan but sometimes I like and
Free at last, the period finally finished its sentence.
A good rare steak is hard to find.
Bad tree climbers tend to be so stuck up.
I feel I am stupid even if I try to pronounce "diputsmai", reading it backwards doesn't really help either.
"Give me any 10 cent coin and I can tell you it's creation date just by feeling it!" I told to the girl at the bar who then curiously asked why only 10 cents?
Everything a hermaphrodite says is a case of he said, she said.
I found out today my brother is an only child.
Just seen it on the TV, we're in for a bad spell of wether.
Sadly, the mime couldn't say when he lost his voice.
Cannibals: The only true humanitarians.
Damn girl your bone structure is giving my bone structure.
There are two kinds of people in the world: associates and associate-heads
Abandonment issues: they've stayed with me my whole life
Even after 50 years people still don't know who Neil Armstrong is or what type of trumpet he played.
Black hole information paradox: it's a matter of time.
I was given the option to change energy supplier but Im quite happy with food.
I just finished loading the dishwasher. I think she might be pregnant.
I was the 3 footed freak of an evil ruler of a whole country until they started using meter sticks instead
Went to the doctors
I hear that it's easier to convince ladies not to eat Tide Pods but it's harder to deter gents.
The brownies I started making in my sister's Easy Bake Oven in 1975 are ready if you want one.
Arthritis hurts, I wish my bones and I could have a joint discussion about it.
Someone needs to invent a microwave that scans the barcode on your food and cooks it to perfection.
You want a doctor who is skilled at more than just burying their mistakes.
Being a Chiropractor is back breaking work.
I really don't mean to interrupt,
I have Attention Deficit Disorder, which makes it a challenge to stay on.. Look!! Squirrell!!!
German brings out the wurst in people
I may be a gold digger but you're the only gold I'm after.
My mechanic told me my air conditioning had been fixed but it was just a load of hot air.
feed the hungry, covid wants to eat your lungs
Apparently, until the age of 10, Sean Connery's son thought Humpty Dumpty shat on the wall .
I am quite good at putting myself in other peoples shoes as a gifted shoe thief
You're gonna have to come closer, I'm a hoarse whisperer.
Your honor, my client is a not guilty, in a sense
Suicidal people will never be the majority.
Accordion to a recent survey the use of musical instruments in sentences often goes unnoticed
To and Too are two different words.
Trump
The Hospital you are born in is the only building you leave without entering.
I've been anxious ever since Armie Hammer told me that he wants to have me for dinner.
You've got to hand it to blind prostitutes.
I just had an argument with my friend Tristan or stan stan stan for the commoners
Vaccinated jet fuel cause steel autism.
Anal sex can be a little shitty.
The number of people older than you are steadily decreasing.
You can separate women in two categories, but it's better if you don't.
I got tired of stepping up stairs, so now I'm staring up steps.
If your bedroom is too hot at night, have an argument with your other half - the cold shoulder you'll get will keep you cool the whole night!
Im the most modest person in the world
Biden and his cabinet are so old our government could be decapitated just by lowering the thermostats
Theres two types of people in this world. Those who can extrapolate from incomplete data
I find it a bit of a low blow that the media keeps harping on Trump's inch erection.
What's hard about child rape? My dick!
Whoever decided to be the Kool-Aid mascot really drank the Kool-Aid.
The prefix 'i' on some of Apple's product names is to help keep an eye on things.
I tried to keep walking up the stairs after I had already gotten to the top, but it looks like it was a step too far.
a candle shop would probably smell nice if it burnt down
As a vegan, I dont really like to meat new people.

I've had it up to here with statements lacking visual aid
I've been going around telling people I'm on a ferris wheel
Contrarians must learn how to except other people's opinions
At Costco, even Tupac comes in a fourpac.
I treat all races equally, especially the bad ones.
i cant help but feel somewhat responsible for some of the stuff that i do
There are two types of people in the world; people who know how to write true one-liners
Do fish get thirsty ?
I threw a boomerang a couple of years ago; Now I live in constant fear.
Blind prostitutes dont get enough love these days
My wife and I are both feminists. But as a man, I'm a tiny bit better at it.
You can say what you want about deaf people [no but...].
Say what you want about deaf people [no but...].
My mom told me to be modest, but Im the most modest person shes ever gonna meet!
After Trump was removed from all social media platforms I would say these truly are unpresidented times.
I hired a Polish sound technician, but apparently that wasnt good enough because when he got onto the stage, he asked for a Czech one too.
I heard Mike Lindell is going to change his brand to Mein Pillow after last week.
Youve got to hand it to blind prostitutes.
Whether or not I'll visit Lenin's Mausoleum, remains to be seen.
My hippocampus is like: I have a dream.
Osteoporosis is bad to the bone.
I built my house to resemble the Lord of the Rings; it's three-stories.
Medusa was a monster, but Marijuana gets more people stoned.
I lost my job as a scuba diver. The company has gone under.
how dotrain my hands to stop throwing up peace signs
Do movies on sports have a team song?
MLK's dream was good, but I have a better dream, that everyone gets filthy rich
the greatest trick god ever pulled is convincing the world the back door into heaven doesnt exist
You gotta hand it to blind prostitutes
Well isn't that Todd?
One liners are a coke heads favourite jokes.
"Read more books, or your three views are determined by your relatives and friends"
And now, a man who needs no introduction:
Needleless to say... I should probably quit using heroin.
I've always been sceptacle of contact lenses.
Do unfit parents have to exercise a lot to get their children back?
Disputing the vote count without evidence is electile dysfuntion.
My friend and I laugh about how competitive we are, but I laugh more.
I brought my girlfriend home and
Send me nudes when you get home so I know you're safe.
You can tell kids you're friends with the President, they don't know.
Not to brag, but the captain said its been his pleasure to have me on this flight today.
I'm sure the first doctor who identified oedema swelled with pride.
Its sad to see Phil Spectors life end the way it did, since I must admit earlier in his career he was definitely killing it.
Whats Snoo? ...nothing much, you?
Isn't it weird when sometimes you're thinking about someone and then they suddenly appear, anyway, my dad just caught me masturbating.
Whoever called it 'Diss-track' really missed an opportunity to call it 'Diss-cuss'
My favourite pornstar passed away recently, such a shame, he was a real genital giant.
In the end, all our skeletons will have the same dick sizes.
It does not take a Saint to know, playing against Tom Brady is no Brees.
Two tomatoes are walking across the road. One stops and says "watch ouuu..." SPLAT the other says "whaaaa.." SPLAT!
Most homosexuals would have to be happy to be referred to as gay.
I think the Discovery Channel should be on a different channel every night.
I like my coffee like I like my women, without someone else's dick in it.
Gay Guys
Jesus must really be into BDSM.
I met a man with no body and no nose... Wtf is it? Nobody knows
I recently came to know that I'm color blind..it was bolt from the blue.
I've heard so much about the "Eye Of The Tiger" but how come no one talks about the other four letters?
After 2020 insight, we get 2021 incitement
What do you call a wizard who walks everywhere on bare feet, has poor bone density and really bad breath? A super-calloused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis.
My dad was a roofer before he died, I want to dedicate this oneliner to him, so dad, if you're up there this is for you.
Now that food has replaced sex in my life, I can't even get into my own pants.
I've just bought my mother in law a brand new house....In Syria.
"Banning words that use bad stereotypes, like 'blacklist', is not right, we might have no words left in the end", said tonight left-handed people spokesman.
Making fun of little people is offensive because it's considered punching downward.
What is amnesia and why am I paying $400 for pills to deal with?
Got fired from the Hallmark Calendar Company. I was always behind schedule.
What do you call a Chinese fella starting a fight? Gu wan so
What has two butts and kills people? An assassin
My friend keeps saying "cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water." I know he means well.
What do you get if you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic? About halfway
Two windmills are standing in a field and one asks the other, What kind of music do you like?  The other says, Im a big metal fan.
What do you get when you eat peanut butter and baked beans? A fart that sticks to the roof of your ass
My last girlfriend left me for being unnecessarily mysterious.. Or did she?
Sen Connery once asked his wife to sit on his face. Once
Butchers link sausage to make ends meat
I used to play the triangle in a reggae band But I quit as it was just one ting after another
Does anyone know if its possible to take a skin graft from your buttocks and put it on somebody who isnt family? Arse skin for a friend
Hear about the guy who dipped his testicles in glitter? Pretty nuts
My Mam and Dad were dwarves. All their lives they struggled to put food on the table
What's the best thing about a gypsy on her period? A: When you finger her, you get your palm red for free.
I told my son to stop playing Russian roulette, but you know how it is with kids... In one ear, out the other
Hearses aren't made for overtaking
A man with authority walks into a bar and orders everyone around
I bought my wife a hula hoop.......it fit
I just bought a dog from the local blacksmith. As soon as I took him home he made a bolt for the door
Got a job at the zoo circumcising elephants. The pay is terrible but the tips are huge!
People tried telling me I couldn't pull a trailer with my car, but it went off without a hitch.
I played poker with tarot cards and won a fortune
You have beautiful knuckles - that's a backhanded compliment.
This subreddit is a joke.
My favorite kind of plague is one where I havent seen even 1 dead body laying on the street
Duck, duck, goose is the most fowl game ever played.
Need a witty response help
statistically you're safer by not going to a hospital
If you want to bronze your cat's rear-end, you end up with a catastrophe.
The tip of the iceberg was enough to sink the Titanic.
I've had just about enough of my nonsense.
The light at the end of the tunnel is an oncoming train.
In 2008 the outgoing president said "I am Bush" but now the outgoing president says "I ambush"
My friend always introduces himself as Stephen with a "ph" because he's slightly acidic.
It's ironic how my girl calls me a 'stick in the mud' because I won't do anal.
It takes a lot of balls to golf the way I do.
You can remove any 1 letter from the word 'seat' and still have a real word.
Wait training will help you to develop patience.
I haven't watched Formula 1 since last year. Can someone bring me up to speed?
Some women have a difficult time working for the postal service because its so mail-dominated.
What idiot named them horses and not zerocorns?
They say theres no wrong way to vote, so I hope hitler doesnt run for office
theres an unspoken agreement that when someone is being an asshole by helping a politician take your money by voting the wrong way that we dont call people out for being an asshole
I empathize with the lazy eyed by giving them a hard look
Necrophiliacs Monogamous make Helen Keller Luckiest woman of 2020
The pepper on my eggs smelled like deodorant, it really was Old Spice.
I've got enough political jokes to take down an elephant.
Why do artistes sweat on stage when they are surrounded by fans?
As a chronic masturbator, working from home has been extremely handy.
Every single person has kicked a pregnant woman at least once in our lives.
A lazy eye is hard to look at
What has thousands of legs, forty teeth, and tried to overthrow the US government?
F for Facebook, F for privacy.
My life coach wrote "Your Local Neighbor Dick DopeMan " in his Tinder bio then his phone rang and vibrated non-stop until it exploded.
Trump has been impeached more times this year than I've had sex.
My plan to only steal low calorie yoghurts from the supermarket is taking Shape.
An optimist who pisses his pants probably has a real undies half full attitude.
Trump has been impeached more times than Ive had sex this past year!
Back in the day, you would cough to cover up a fart, but now with COVID-19, you fart to cover up a cough.
Last night my neighbour died of Scurvy. He will be sorely missed.
I've been waiting to see that movie they made about being constipated but it hasn't come out yet.
I asked a farmer what the worst part of her job was. She said it was d-tractors.
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
A group of women performing oral sex in Rio De Janeiro is called a Brazilian Blowout.
I'm gonna avoid nonlinear storytelling and perspective jumps from now on, but that was 2 years ago and the person who said it is dead
Anal sex can be a little shitty.
If an atheist tells you someone has the voice of an angel they are probably referring to a mute.
People addicted to sniffing glue are attachment prone.
It was so cold today my computer fans started running backwards.
Why do we call ourselves pirates? Because we arr!
Honestly, I cant stand being in a wheelchair
Instead of "the John," I call my toilet "the Jim." That way it sounds better when I say I go to the Jim first thing every morning.
I never keep track of my naps because the rest is history.
Vaccines are always trying to get under my skin.
Nitrous Oxide is no laughing matter.
There's no 'I' in denial.
A bar goes into a guy...It was a gay bar.
Man with the heart of a lion gets banned from zoo for life
WTF your dick is so small says the bitch with literally no penis
If we didn't have blinds, it would be curtains for all of us.
There is more to my wife than what meets the eye: she wears a girdle.
For a cow, today is just an udder day.
A new year can feel like a clean slate, but it also brings the second half of the academic year
I find it very sad that dragons can never blow out their birthday candles
I swallowed a skittle whole and now I am scared.
I loved you and you left me like I never meant anything to you.
Last night my girlfriend was complaining that I never listen to her or something like that.
I can't find my Gone in Sixty Seconds DVD. It was here just a minute ago.
I watched the video for "Girls like you" by Maroon V
2020 Calls Helen Keller "Lucky"
Kick a Native in the tear duct, litter a little.
You cant run from your mistakes, unless they are really out-of-shape.
My wife and I are so musical that you could give us a plate of cheese lasagna and well belt out Phantom of the Opera, only itll really stink.
Year of the Ox is a bunch of bull.
I used to live in Turkey, China, and Morocco, but I left because there were too many red flags.
Hey baldy, why wear a visor, vitamin D cure skinhead melanoma yet?
Got a book about DIY electrical projects. Shocking stuff, really.
I was voted least likely to become an alcoholic cuz you cant become what you already are
We hold these truths to be self evident, that self evident things are called assumptions
To get the proper camping experience, it has to be intense
I don't like making plans for the day because then the word "premeditated" gets thrown around the courtroom.
If the Senate votes to remove Trump, it would be unpresidented.
Hate it when ppl say just breath to me When Im depressed. Like bitch Im depressed not underwater bro! About breath, fuck you!
If youre afraid to check your account balance...
He: online She: online No one texted, ego wins
My clothes call me their inside joke.
Elon musk's journey to the richest person of the world was nothing but electifying.
I know he replaced Obama in 2016 and his presidency is about over but orange is the new black
Short people can't reach an agreement
I wanted a yes so I asked her... Will you refuse to marry me?
A woman I know never washes her hair and wonders why everyone thinks shes flaky.
What do you call a boomer meme 60 years from now?
Every loaf of bread should have a fleshlight installed to stop my dick filling up with breadcrumbs.
Women and porn
Every loaf of bread should have a fleshlight installed to stop my dick filling up with breadcrumbs.
I love British people, they never make of fun of me they just talk about how artistic I am
When the beaver saw its impoundment on fire it shouted: Hot Dam!
When the beaver saw it's impoundment on fire it shouted: Hot Dam!
My priest will never get his car detailed because he said the devil's in the detail.
My left and right shoes are sole-mates.
You know these are confusing times when you can't read analog clocks.
Isaac Newton: "Gravity exists" *drops mic*
What do you call an Irishman that breaks up fights?
the current state of the US
The Johnson and Johnson vaccine is different in that it is a single dose and promises no more tears.
My car has a Triple A rating, according to the tow service.
Since Covid started I decided to only tell inside jokes.
does a blind person see what happens in their dreams or do they dream about seeing?
Can I die for one day? I just wanna see who will cry when I'm gone..
Nothing tops a plain pizza.
I'm no longer impressed that Nicolas Cage managed to steal the Declaration of Independence.
if i admit to being a liar does that make me honest?
why is it called a building when it's already built?
oops
I come up with a two word gay joke my gay mate might find offensive. Butt willy?
I was dating an anesthetist but had to end it because I just didn't feel anything.
Covid jokes used to toe the line, now they're tasteless.
For the first time in 6 months I really hope this test comes positive
Two crows got arrested today for an attempted murder.
My younger brother can't read analog clocks; these are confusing times.
I used to do drugs. I still do, but I used to as well.
My wife asked me to put ketchup on the shopping list. Now I cant read any of it.
Did you know the biggest cell is the cell phone?
I would tell you a COVID joke, but it would take 3 days to see if you get it.
The Pun Liners Song: Puns+One Liners+Piano
My shampoo promised to give my hair greater volume, but I can't seem to hear it any better than I used to...
My shampoo promised to give my hair greater volume, but I cant hear it any better than I used to.
I told the judge I won't be taking the stand, that would be theft.
Whats the difference between a poorly dressed man on a unicycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
Doctor arrested for theft. He checked the purse of his patient.
Action movies have really exaggerated how hard it is to take over the Capitol Building.
Most Covid jokes are tasteless.
Drinking excess beer really puts the wee in weekend.
It's a sad state of affairs in this country that nearly half of all school children are just legs
I sure hope we get this pandemic under control before tick season. If not, we'll have Corona with Lyme.
Relationships are a lot like algebra. Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?
My boss hates it when I shorten his name to Dick, mostly because his name is Steve.
youre telling me my son dried these tomatoes
COVID-19 jokes are tasteless
Jesus praying in Gethsemane was the worlds first, and only, gam of Hide &amp; Phariseek.
the scientist says black lives are made of matter, but so are monkeys
It takes a lot of guts...to be an organ donor.
The most badass member of an American team kills the most badass member of a Russian team by sacrificing himself. What are his last words to the Americans?
I took a job with doTERRA so I could claim status as an essential employee.
30,000 people thought they were going to take over the US with a population of 330,000,000.
just sayin
Theres only been two open minded Presidents.
Hey Alexa...
Growing up, I wanted to be a one-liner comedian but I soon realized I'd need more material.
I asked the librarian if she had a book on pavlovs dog and Schrdinger's cat. She said it rang a bell, but wasnt sure if it was there or not.
My next door neighbor is bulimic and was making so much noise last night, that I banged on the wall and shouted, "For goodness sake, keep it down!"
Vegetarianism might not be as innocent as you think... lettuce prey.
Never take the path of leaf resistance. It may be poison ivy.
covfefe  just thought of this
Forgive me father, pastor, vicar, padre, priest...For I have synonymed.
You can clearly see the benefits of getting LASIK.
Elon Musk, the richest man on earth, sole mission in life is to leave earth.
Wives are magicians. They can change anything into an argument.
If you rearrange the letters inPost Office they would probably arrive just as slowly as they already are.
Croquet is a wonderful game if you've got the balls for it.
Vaccine research is done in a lab, and anti-vaxx research is done on the toilet.
Campanology - does it ring a bell?
I can't seem to find a cure for my sex addiction... I tried fucking everything
What kind of insurance would Moses have if he was still alive today?
What works faster than a calculator? A calcu-now!
Been analysing my spending and it turns out rather than large purchases, most of my expenditure seems to go on the mysterious middle aisle in German supermarkets, or to put it another way: its not the big things, its Aldi Lidl things.
missing someone you can't talk to is painful
Money can get you ahead in life and also a head in life
I once met a crazed man muttering incoherently about Ancient Mesopotamia, but I had to stop him because I didnt want him to Babylon.
Sex in an elevator is wrong on so many levels.
I am so edgy I use microsoft edge to edge
My head is in the clouds when I dream about skydiving.
Due to travel restrictions, this year United States had to organize the coup at home
If Im reading their lips correctly, my neighbors are arguing about some creepy guy next door.
Getting awards easily is my favorite piece of cake day.
Monogamy: first, do no harem.
My customers are shocked when they realize I'm not a qualified electrician
People are shocked when they realize I'm not a registered electrician
a debt collector find a man on the edge of a skyscraper and says dont jump cuz I have so much to live for
I just organized a surprise bukakke party for my wife. You should have seen her face.
Constipation doesnt give a shit
It's mean to belittle fat people, because they need positivity to be little.
I lost my job as a zookeeper which I didn't think was fair, because there were signs everywhere saying do not feed the animals, so I didn't!
I don't get why I was arrested, all the stuff I said about the car being stolen isn't incriminating since I was drunk.
Even in elevators I get nowhere
Elevator sex is just on a whole other level
With the events of yesterday, it appears that the President will fulfill another campaign promise of Mexico paying for the wall.
All tracing is done online
I'm gonna get off my soapbox now because I don't want to break this antique crate.
I didn't choose the sentence-reversing life, the sentence-reversing life chose me.
My coworker asked what its called when you ask something but havent gotten an answer yet, and thats an outstanding question.
Mexico have now decided they will pay for the wall and Canada wants one too.
I'd like to make three random words into one weird word, but i don't have the wherewithal
Tomorrow is another day.
I threw a ball for my dog, he looks good in a dinner jacket.
If we don't talk again, remember I loved you
I hope people dont catch the mental illness of the belief that good things are more or less likely to happen than they actually are, but I just did.
If my body aches from long hard day at work, can I call it Labour pain?
Okay.. are we still going to receive mail, or will we receive femail, now, also?
Brushing teeth without flossing is like washing butt cheeks but not the crack.
Staycation's are nothing to write home about.
If covid does'nt take me out I will
If Luna is the name of our moon, then looking at it is Luna see.
These pro-marijuana equestrians just need to get off their high horse!
I was making meringue by hand and it was lacking something...So I added some bourbon to make it extra whisk-ey
I hate it when people say "This is my better half" pffft, stroke victims.
2020-2: Nuclear Boogaloo
Be careful when you talk about sexual assault. It's a touchy subject.
Be careful when talking about sexual assault. It's a touchy subject.
My father has never judged anyone by the colour of their skin, which is why so many of his patients died of jaundice.
The wife and I often laugh about how competitive we both are, I laugh more.
My wife said "I'm leaving you because your always pretending to be a transformer" I said "no, wait! I can change"
Breathing doesnt mean youre alive.
I don't approve of political jokes...I've seen too many of them get elected.
Ok lets be honest is it really self care or are you just taking a fuckin bath?
Whenever an action movie hero is like "I know someone who can help us, guy owes me a favor" it means he let that guy suck his dick.
Aspiring for the champagne lifestyle on a lemonade budget.
I could stand at an angle of 45 degrees if I was so inclined.
I love people with pigment, albinos pale in comparison.
Just tell me when and where and ill be there 20 minutes late
One way to tell the difference between a chemist and a plumber is by the way they pronounce unionized.
2021 can legally drink Everyone is happy how 2020 is over but 2021 is legally able to drink
I'v gotte int thi strang habi o no typin the las lette o eac wor
A parade of rabbits hopping backwards is a receding hare-line.
Sad story: I thought you cared
If you think you have an impostor syndrome, you don't really have an impostor syndrome.
If psychic hotlines are real... why don't they call you?
What's the real name of George Orwell, I mean is it George or Well?
"America first" is the international version of "White lives matter"
You expect me to hold this door open forever? Get the fuck inside and say thank you.
Imagine breaking up on the moon but then you have the whole rocket ship ride home together
If you are color blind, Twister is a mother fucking free for all.
Dinosaurs are cool, but what have they done lately
dead lives matter
I went to my local hairdressers. I said I want some highlights, and he gave me this videotape of old haircuts!
I went to my local hairdressers. I said I want some highlights, and he gave me this videotape of old haircuts!
I hope this email finds you doing drugs
There is a pressing need for irons in my community
My favorite sound is the smoke detector, cause thats how I know supper is almost ready.
Indecision gives you the chance to double your regrets.
I wish I could get bitten by a radioactive confident person
Putting money in my savings account doesn't interest me.
People either love or hate my new polarizing sunglasses
The things they teach you at miming school are unspeakable
I never stop loving someone I just learn to live without them
If god sneezed in front of me, I wouldn't have anything to say to him.
I wish I could get bitten by a radioactive confident person
Man addicted to drinking brake fluid says he can stop anytime he wants.
This isn't haiku. Maybe you smoke too much weed. You're so paranoid.
Autoconnect is the bent thing since sliced breath.
It's funny how people started putting porn after anything and it came to be known as "meaning best". Example cityporn.
Fart is nothing but fragrant art
The teacher kept asking the question but the dumb kid chose to keep his silence.
Locksmiths should count as key workers
It's okay password, I'm insecure too.
If an orange squirts you in your eye without warning, it's a male, but if it's bitter for no apparent reason, it's a female.
I don't think people should tip a lot, but that's just my two cents.
If I had $499 everyone someone asked why I didn't have a PS5, I'd never have to hear that question ever again.
I love smooth jazz, but only if it's played in one ear with breaks every 30 seconds telling me how important of a customer I am.
My new vacum cleaner does literally the opposite of what it's supposed to, it blows.
I was shocked when I found out my toaster wasnt waterproof.
When I came out as trans my kid sister commended me and told me that she could never do that, I guess shell always be my little cis.
Not to sound racist but, I like Formula One more than NASCAR.
A horror movie playing at the monkey movie theater: The Banana that Never Ripened.
The natural penalty for polygamy is multiple mothers-in-law.
I took my Theatre Director brother out for dinner, and he caused a scene.
man addicted to drinking brake fluid claims he can stop anytime he wants
For once, I want to talk to you again just like old times.
Keep the dream alive, hit the snooze button.
You should be jealous of how humble I am.
I don't mean to be anal about this but I have no fucks to give but I know what does;
This isn't working, let's change the subject. Depending on whether you're in a classroom or a testing lab, that statement means something completely different!
I can't believe no one has managed to come up with a cure for anorexia yet, because honestly, I thought it'd be a piece of cake.
I miss sitting at a coffee shop pretending to write.
Any wedding can be a fairy tale wedding if you serve porridge and release three angry bears into the reception hall.
Some dude was using my favorite treadmill at the gym so I fucked his girlfriend.
I dropped my phone in the toilet and now youre all baptized.
I can tell people are judgmental just by looking at them.
I hope whoever invented Cool Ranch Doritos got a Nobel Peace Prize.
Every time you stand up you're on top of the world.
I want to be drug free... of my burning, clandestine meth lab.
There's no "I" in "denial"
Virgins of reddit: ...shit thats everybody, never mind.
Alcohol increases the size of the send button by 89%
Cosmetic Surgery
My new years resolution is to stop seeking the approval of strangers... is everyone OK with that?
If a job says we are like family here then I must be in your will
Any one else noticed, that Kylie Minogue is an anagram of "You like minge."
omg I just saw your text from last month is your grandma still having her funeral
It's 10pm, time to eat the fridge.
Libraries are like Pornhub, but for books
I told everyone you said hi and no one cared
i'm going through a weird time in my life called tuesday.
Dogs don't eat spaghetti like that.
Just called to make an appointment with a psychic but she told me that I dont show up.
When you look up, the fact that there is so little in most of it, means it is a waste of space.
i need about 3 months of sleep a night.
Im an adult. I can buy a baby goat if I want to.
Four out of five people are good at mathematics, but the other two struggle.
I dont know if chicken nuggets is a religion or not, but sign me the fuck up.
Explaining to a child that we're mortal and that death is inescapable is probably, for me, the hardest part of being a party clown.
I estimate I have enough energy to attend two more social events in my lifetime.
No Fitbit, I didn't walk 18,937 steps today, I had a Sign Language final.
My wife agreed to a sex tape but she got mad at me when I held auditions for her part.
If I was an astronaut, I'd end every relationship with "Look, I just need space".
Sorry Im late but I wanted to make sure I missed most of it.
Did anybody try putting 2020 in rice
cant believe I used to walk around with my whole face showing like a slut
I was in a bad place last year and then I thought what would Jesus do? So I started worshipping my dad
A local orphanage was on fire so I sprinted into the building. It would be a shame if all the furniture in there burnt up.
Being a happy dad is being a proud motherfucker.
The nail that sticks out gets hammered down first. But if the nail is sticking out, doesn't that mean it wasn't hammered down at first?
I got a Tetris shot and now I cant stop stacking boxes
Liquor bottles on planes are so little because theyre travel size
you stopped saying goodnight, and I stopped sleeping
Every fish you catch and release goes home with an alien abduction story.
Why tf do baby clothes got pockets they dont even own shit
Whenever you're feeling useless, just remember: Millions of bacteria in your digestive tract vitally depend on you.
Someone stole my thesaurus and it sucks. I dont have any other words to describe it.
As a wheat farmer, I worried about having these strange headaches all the time, but my doctor said it's just my grains.
stick with masturbation cuz sex is the gateway drug to marriage
I was reading a dictionary but all the pages were pulled out, I couldnt talk for weeks.
I'm a gaytheist: I believe God is gay and doesn't exist.
Monogamy: first, do no harem.
I came up short looking for midget porn
I fucked a blind girl and finished on her face... She never saw me cumming.
Met a chick with twelve breasts. Sounds strange, dozen tit?
Pedophiles are fucking immature assholes
Pacifist? No, I think all oceans are beautiful
Internal conflict is pointless, I always win
You cant say you didnt go anywhere in 2020 because you did travel 584 million miles around the Sun.
mood: want your attention but don't want to bother you
My New Year's resolution is to buy a Velcro wall and I plan on sticking to it.
Ive decided to sell my Hoover  it was just collecting dust.
I fought 2020 and 2021
Most people hate when I stand in the corner of my psychiatrist's waiting room and blow on them when they walk by, but I'm a fan.
I havent pooped today. Im holding onto last years shit.
I get a boner at the top of every mountain I climb. Altitude Thickness.
The new bikini documentary is a 2 part series, which is quite revealing.
To all the homosexuals out there, I wish you Happy New rear
"New year, new me" is a fun thing to say while committing identity theft.
After a year of fighting against 2020, I can finally declare...2021.
I started out with nothing and I still have most of it.
Crashed my car doing donuts... Guess you could say the edibles kicked in...
All my best fishing spots were always straight out from shore .
The letter d is just the letter a with a boner
I'm more worried now that 2020 has turned 21...now it can drink.
We had really poor attendance at this years Agoraphobia summit.
Im in a band called The Duvets; we do covers.
Do you know what the first rule of The Mute Club is?
To understand dust, you have to look at it in a vacuum.
I am a mail man; my wife is a femail woman.
Being a farmer is the only job where you get to see the fruits of your labor.
I hate the first three months of January
A man working in the sofa factory fell into the upholstery machine. It looked bleak for a while, but now he's recovered
Hey, remember the time a year started a fight and kicked all of our asses?
How do you know you're in love? "when it hurts but you still want to stay"
That's not enough loops to rig me..
Waterboarding was probably invented by a guy who was terrible at gargling.
I remember 2020 like it was... Ah, nevermind.
when the government cracks down on crime, that proves they are crackers
Dwarfism is a growing problem.
Them whut there Tentacle-paws be cummunizing our Americousins, escaping from the tanks, w/o sayin' please deplete the URanium
May your New Years be always better than the last and never better than the next.
Chrynobyl is beautiful as I have seen it with my own 3 eyes
The stuttering white supremacist got more than he bargained for when he accidentally joined the cuckoo clocks clan.
I'd like to apply for a 1 day long job with 1 day of paid leave
On one hand you can be so much in trouble you are royally fucked, but on the other hand royalty can easier get out of trouble
I dont go to church much
My resolution
After the ball drops, I hope I don't get herpes.
Fat shaming is wrong; they've already got enough on their plates.
My girlfriend doesn't want me to mansplain, but when she needs to open a jar then she wants me to manhandle it.
A burrito is an introverted taco.
Aspen is a Dutch word that means: rectal quill.
Humankind's default is not set to kindness.
I think Dracula might be ill. He always seems to be coffin.
On reflection, there's a lot of stuff I'd have done differently this past year. But hey, hindsight is 2020.
My New Year resolution is 480p
My New Year's resolution is to see my cup half-full, preferably with gin, vodka, or tequila.
My New Year's resolution will go in one year &amp; out the other.
I grew up just a stone's throw away from where that whole family died of mysterious head injuries.
Dear 2021, No more fake people please
I was going to give up all of my bad habits for the new year, but then I remembered that no one likes a quitter.
Every year I expect a different New Years Eve Times Square celebration, and every year they drop the ball.
My New Years resolution is to give back to the community by volunteering as a crossing guard for an online school.
Whoever keeps stealing the urine samples is really taking the piss.
4 out of 5 dentists agree a black man's skin should not be the same color as his teeth
Is forcefully putting your penis inside a random stranger's ear called earrape?
I'm throwing snowballs because it's snowing throwballs.
When I misplaced Dwayne Johnsons cutting tool for the origami workshop, I couldn't believe I lost the Rocks Paper Scissors.
Every geologist has hit rock bottom.
I watched a documentary on how they built the Titanic, it was rivetting
Masturbation is a touchy subject.
Dogs love squeaky toys because it's the sound animals make as they're dying.
I dont trust you,
They say you are what you eat...
What's the difference between a golfer and a skydiver? A golfer goes *whack* "darn" and a skydiver goes "darn" *whack*.
I'm fundamentalistly opposed to idiotology.
Velcro
Waterbed sales has really dried up.
I'm fundamentally opposed to ideology.
For sale: downhill skis, descent condition.
Last night I slept like a baby . Woke up several times screaming so I could suck on my mum's tits
My mayonnaise is trying kill me. Or so my sauces tell me
I think if you're gonna kill something you have to eat it. Which makes my stance on abortion not popular at family dinners.
The dog ate my dignity.
There are 3 types of people...1. Those who see the cup as half empty. 2. Those who see the cup as half full 3. Those who pour out the water and fill the cup with whiskey because water sucks.
Midget porn is a little fucked.
I'm here, because I'm not all there.
There's only 2 industries that call their customers "users", and that is tech and drugs.
I often have wet dreams of becoming a scuba diver.
I wrote a story about a sanitation engineer but i don't recommend reading it, it's literal trash.
From talking daily to just viewing each other's story, love died.
The word diputseromneve may look ridiculous, but backwards, its even more stupid.
What is an ultimate tomato and why did my ex-girlfriends always bring it up?
opting pessimism
I swear by the words fuck, shit, asshole etc
Say what you will about necromancers, but they'll lift your spirits.
Pregnant women and light bulbs are different because you can unscrew a light bulb.
Violins have been instrumental in the popularity of classical music.
I told my actor friend to break a leg, but I'm not worried, because he'll have a supporting cast.
Why's it called "going into labour", if women get so much time off work?
I expertly know my idioms like the back of my head.
My dream lover has brown hair, long legs, and is really horny, so I guess it's a moose.
I finally moved into my dream home, but then I woke up.
I'd like to rename our criminal justice system to Clorox Bleach because it's safer for whites than it is for colors.
My friend wanted to exchange his hourglass for my globe, but I would never trade the world for more time.
A broke philosopher once told me: my life makes no cents.
I think crematoriums should give discounts to burn victims.
[Dark Humor Warning] Why cant orphans play baseball? They dont know where home is.
Ill never forget my grandpas last words: you still holdin the ladder?
My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance.
My neighbor is a Guinness world record holder. He's had the most concussions of anyone. When I see him, I think it's cool to have someone like that just a stone's throw away.
I'd personally like to thank the inventor of the ministry skirt.....my balls have never felt so free.
Piano is one of the most difficult instruments to pick up.
hehe
If summoning ghosts is wrong, then I dont wanna be wight!
Islamic fundamentalist sex dolls.. Do they blow themselves up?
What do farmers give their wives at midnight on New Years Eve?
Got a Chicago-style hot dog. Damn thing shot me!
"Don't judge a book by its cover",
You know if all the women in the world died, it would be a real pain in the ass.
After I was told I was bipolar I didnt know whether to laugh or cry
Im rather inclined to go mountain walking
Republicans need to turn their focus to tv game shows so they can begin to identify their next presidential candidate.
I keep trying to take detailed pictures of UFOs and all I'm getting are pictures of FOs
I'm "a little OCD"... so I guess I'm just "C"
me: I don't care :) me, one second later: *starts crying*
A guy asked me if I wanted a frozen banana, I said "No...but I might want a regular banana later, so yea".
Opened my fortune cookie which read, "dogs will lead police to your body."
Yesterday i spent 45 minutes trying to get into my girlfriend's panties... until she came home and made me take them off.
The only thing flat-earthers fear is sphere itself.
Native American delinquents keep teepeeing my house.
If it wasnt for the Karma Sutra, I wouldnt be in the position I am today.
Tonight was my wifes night to cook &amp; she made.... me pick up Chick-fil-A
Id post more, but all of my best one liners are one character too lon
Reality is a crutch for people who can't handle drugs.
I found a channel on how to prepare spices but it's pepper view only
I believe in God 12.5%,does this mean I'm an eighthiest?
Ironically, Kobe Bryant wasn't a helicopter parent.
Am I the only one that thinks it's weird some people eat toast raw?
You could be an expert at fisting if you just knuckled down to it.
I'd like to learn how to pick locks, I have the worst luck, I only ever seem to choose the ones that are locked
One day you will search for me to say sorry But that will be too late
Life's too short to make fun of midgets.
All words except for the word anything, dont mean anything.
Discovered I have a logic fetish when I couldn't stop coming to conclusions.
Donate blood today and now I have one more bloody relation
Broadway employees are such drama queens.
I bought so many antiques that now I'm completely baroque.
My pharmacist accidentally gave me Oxycodone instead of Viagra, so I told him: there's no hard feelings.
I pick my clothes, but the government picks my pockets.
Not yet finished developing my video game called Insect Farm ; it's full of bugs.
I only make fun of baseball, basketball, and football because they're good sports.
My gf told me the dishwasher was leaking, so I bought her some tampons
They say that penis size is relative to shoe size... Which makes clowns even that much scarier.
Although the photographer and art thief were very good friends, they had never taken each other's picture.
Phone sex has gotten a lot easier the last few decades... Try shoving an old brick phone up your arse
Iraqi comedy club...Badgag.
If a show is TV-MA that doesn't mean you should watch it with your ma
"Grandma got run over by a PAINdeer!!" is the coolest thing you can say after body-slamming your Nana on Christmas.
There was a severe breakout at a maskless Trump rally, where 98% of the attendees were diagnosed with Dunning-Krueger sysndrome.
We think you might be paranoid, and we just want you to know that we're here for you.
I like flat chested girls because they look like boys.
After walking into the bedroom and tripping over my wifes bra, I knew it was a booby trap.
If drinking coffee makes your eyes hurt, take the spoon out of the cup.
when things really hurt you, they make you quiet.
I wish I could pat your brain
2020 was a pretty sick year!
2020 was a pretty sick year!
GARY
Guy gets his hair cut . Barber asks him if he would like anything on it. Guy says A pair of knickers, you've cut it like a cunt
My friend decided to get his hair shaved very short. I asked him why his head smelt of wee after. He told me he asked for a number 1 all over.
Try Sarah Topps? Sounds three times extinct as baseball cards
Try Sarah Tops? I'd rather get pegged 3x by a Stegosaurus
As Emo Youngman said, "Take my Life, Please!"
Save a Mouse, Eat a puss
"Archive" - Where Noah kept his bees.
Hedgehogs - why can't they just share the hedge?
A morning without coffee is like something without something else.
How do snow plow drivers get to work in the morning?
Why dont you ever see the headline Psychic Wins Lottery?
Sure, I've been drinking more and more brake fluid lately, but I can stop whenever I want to.
I'm thinking of breaking up with my gym ... we're just not working out.
"Mirror Inspector" is a job I could really see my self doing.
I want to go skydiving before I die ... but not RIGHT before I die.
Always give 100% (unless you're donating blood).
I'm was very specific at the front desk that the porn in my room be DISABLED; nonetheless, when I checked it later in my room, it's was just REGULAR porn.
Dwarves and midgets have very little in common.
"WHAT DO WE WANT?" - "A CURE FOR TOURETTES!" - "WHEN DO WE WANT IT?" - "FUCK!"
People are more violently opposed to fur than leather because it's easier to harass rich women than bikers.
Who was this "Rorschach" guy and why did he paint so many pictures of my parents having sex?
My roommate's diary claims I have "boundary issues".
"If you can't look back and say 'I used to be an asshole,' then you are probably still an asshole."
What if soy milk is just regular milk introducing itself in Spanish?
If ballerinas always stand on their toes, why don't they just hire taller dancers?
Limited knowledge of Greek mythology has always been my Achilles' elbow.
My dream used to be to build the world's tallest building, but then I found out someone already did it.
Without nipples, breasts would be pointless.
Vodka probably isnt the answer, but hey, its worth a shot.
When I split my infinitives, I expect them to, by God, stay split.
I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high, which really seemed to surprise her...
Cars are like analogies; some are really crappy.
One in every 2 and a half men is HIV positive.
I'm finally going to live out my dreams, and show up naked for a test that I haven't studied for.
Told my gal she'd look way prettier with her hair back, and her chemo nurse gave me the dirtiest look...
My vasectomy was supposed to prevent babies, but all it did was change the skin color.
It's no longer in my nature to be mysterious, ever since ... the 'incident'.
I spent a fortune on deodorant before I realized that people don't like me anyway.
Impotence: Nature's way of saying "No hard feelings"
Alcohol is not the solution, folks -- it's a solvent.
I spent 7 days with a dyslexic woman I met , constantly having sex. She told me I had made her hole weak
Sommene had me mistaken for Matt Damon, saying they had seen me the previous afternoon on a movie set, recording scenes for his latest film. They must think I was Bourne yesterday
Police were called on a man throwing novels around In my local library. I hope they throw the book at him
Got my wife a glass bra. She wants me to do a smash and grab
 "When you swim in the sea, and an eel bites your knee, that's a moray!" 
"To be the best, you have to beat the best" --Chris Brown
"The 4th of July shows us how useless a dog would be in a war."
"Teach a man with Alzheimer's to fish, you feed him for a day."
"Statistically, six out of seven dwarfs are not Happy."
"Plateaus are the highest form of flattery."
"Of all the unscrupulous species of trees, Bonsais are the least shady"
"If life gives you melons, you may have dyslexia"
"I was a lifeguard for a while, but then some blue kid got me fired."
"Call it a hunch" --Quasimodo
45.67% of statistics are made up on the spot.
You can learn a lot about a person if you just take the time to inject them with sodium pentothal.
Say what you like about pedophiles, at least they drive slowly in a school zone.
You really gotta hand it to a blind prostitute.
Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and others have greatness thrust upon them. --Monica Lewinsky
You can tell Monopoly is an old game - the banker can still go to jail.
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
When attacked by a gang of clowns, go for the juggler.
"I wasted my life on video games. Luckily I have two lives left."
Jokes about menstruation are NOT funny. Period.
I accidentally bought my wife a glue stick instead of chapstick. She's still not talking to me.
It's not that I have a lazy eye; just that my other eye is way more industrious...
He ran like a horse and caught that ball but he should have known that one never freely touch others' genitals
I was very disappointed this Christmas when I looked under the tree and saw no gifts present
My wife's credit card was stolen but i didn't bother to get it back cause the thief was spending less than my wife.
I paid my homeopath by leaving a coin in a jar of water for 10 days and then giving him a drop of the water.
I wanted to go to the Super Bowl, but all I could get was speeding tickets.
I swear this hurts: - seen but no reply - unseen but online
I named my eraser Confidence because it gets smaller after every mistake I make.
There's a thin line between a fat and a very fat person...
If your nose runs and your feet smell, you were built upside down.
"One man's trash is another man's treasure"... Awesome phrase, but a horrible way to tell your kid that they're adopted.
I'm not saying you should totally distrust the internet, but there's a huge discrepancy between the number of iPads I've won, and the number of iPads I own.
I like first person shooters because I always cum first.
I could make a lot of money, but that would be forgery.
Just saw a snowman running down my sidewalk... I think he was ah, salted
missing someone who doesn't miss me
I got my parents a new fridge for Christmas, I can't wait to see their faces light up when they open it!
If my dick had a name, itd be Microsoft.
If my dick had a name...
We all know where the Big Apple is, but does anyone know where the Minneapolis?
  ,       ,  ,      .
         .
            .
"My wife told me her arms and legs were tired from using the broom all day. I told her next time, just use the car."
My nose is running
How many letters do you think Satan gets from dyslexic children?
I scream, You scream, We all scream... because Mom's visiting for Christmas and she forgot her hearing aid again.
Women Rights
dying children
I smoke alot of pot and forgot how this joke goes.
For Christmas, my wife bought me a t-shirt that says, "I'm a nudist!" but I'll never wear it.
I'm thinking about starting an animal farm. It could go poorly or well.
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
This guy who took part in the paralympics, bit of an athlete he was, told me about security there and I was wondering: Them security guards at the paralympics, are they armed or is that cheating?
The butt plug is not her favourite toy, but it's up there.
The neighbor's seem to be enjoying the celebration of Jesus' birth; I didn't know Slipknot had a Christmas album...
A good metaphor always puts a simile on my face
Cannibals are kinky, they eat ass
A guy in court was informed of his punishment by sign language. He was given a deaf sentence
Unlike normal it will be Santa who fills my stocking when he comes tonight.
Shopping for glass cabinets doesn't make you gay, but it will make you buy curios.
I was stung by a bee yesterday. 20 for a jar of honey
My villages only underground water reservoir has run dry. Well out of order
I was late for my date with a female electrician, I finally got there, but the spark had gone
This Xmas, if anyone comes to my house and asks for a fruit based drink served from a glass bowl using a ladle, they are gonna get a punch
I saw two horses in a field. The smaller of the two came over to me but the big one stayed away. Must have been a shire horse
My whole town have donated money to buy a mythical beast to share . It's a community centaur
I asked my wife what she would like for Xmas, she said surprise me. So I fucked her dad
Asked my wife to talk dirty to me. She said, Eurgh, your cock stinks
A friend accidently put diesel in his escort the other day.....she died
Every photo I take of someone when the camera is vertical comes out terrible. It's a poor trait
I was asked if I had heard there was a new shop opening that only sold door knockers. I said It doesn't ring any bells..
How Long is a Chinese mans name.
As an atheist, Im part of a non-prophet organization.
You ever wake up with morning wouldnt?
If you play video poker while sitting on the toilet, you'll always get a straight flush.
To avoid being raped when I am in jail, I stick a tube of toothpaste up my ass for complete cavity protection.
Bruce Willis can't find his Adele CD. Rumor has it....
Dont study me, you wont graduate!
People tend to be all holy after getting shot.
Any politician to have worn clothes is hiding something from you.
I have a lot of opinions on this covid relief bill, but sending a billion dollars to Egypt just seems like a pyramid scheme.
Caitlyn Jennet is now technically one of the Xmen.
Yo I must be James Charles biggest fan for how many times Ive ignored Instagram posts that say Like for ____ ignore for James Charles
No one in Antarctica has Covid-19 It's because they're Ice-O-Lated
The most popular porn site in Wales is apparently called EweTube.
However nice I am, people think I'm fucking abusive
Chinese philosophy just Confucius me.
Not all fat people are jolly, some are feminists.
My three favorite things are eating my family and not using commas
For every thing that sucks there's something else that blows
All "your" hard work was actually "gods" hard work, you lazy bum.
I wanted to marry my English teacher when she got out of jail, but apparently, you cant end a sentence with a proposition.
Im so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed.
Why iron man and not fe-male?
People who get vaccines are just exercising their right to bare arms
Patty cake Patty cake 123; Patty cake Patty cake, hey mom, I matter.
I'm not indecisive am I?
My handicap parking permit cost me an arm and a leg.
Out of all the lakes, Lake Superior is the most conceited.
It's funny how negative news can be so positive and positive news can be so negative when it regards a Covid-19 test.
Butt Plugs are not my favourite conversational subject, but it's up there.
I want to go to blockbuster and rent a new movie
It's really expensive to be poor.
So this hot chick I just met and I were walking to her car when she asked "can you handle a "trans?" I innocently replied, "I gotta admit, I have worn a few out."
therapy is expensive i am gonna sleep instead
If someone says Im happy for you, dont simply thank them but smile and give them a hug if you can cos they are very limited people who say that in your life.
I got arrested at the airport because apparently security doesn't appreciate it when you call "shotgun" before boarding a plane.
If men were grapes, Id be making wine ;)
If only the captain of the Titanic had been a salad dodger he may have avoided the iceberg
Did you hear about the guy whose spouse got struck by lightening?
Price lowered from $99.99 to $199.9
Everyone says you shouldn't gender job titles until you start calling them garbage people.
went totally crazy when I couldn't find my allotment . Completely lost the plot
My new car cost an arm and a leg. It's a Limborghini
Guy was released from prison and was trying to sell fish food. Thought no way, that's jailbait
Wife told me I always need to be reassured. I said I don't. Do I? Do I? I don't tho do I?
Saw someone thrusting a long thin bendy sword at some packs of cheese he had robbed. I suspect he was fencing stolen goods.
Two friends were arrested for stealing batteries and fireworks. One was charged , the other let off
I was so impressed at how pretty they have made the new opticians website. It's a site for sore eyes.
I went to the theatre to watch a lay called Great Expectations. I wasn't as good as I had hoped
I have a middle Eastern friend whom is a dairy farmer. Milk sheik
I was asked if I knew any jokes about an abacus. I said You can count on it
My friend raised her hand and gestured towards a merry go round and a cotton candy stall. I said Fair point.
I always wished the ocean was made from orangeade. It's my Fanta sea
Every vertical photo I take of someone on my phone always ends up a disaster . It's a poor trait.
My heart says yes, but my mom says no
While on a walk, I considered taking the wooden structure that allows you to cross from one field into another home with me. In the end , I decided against it . It's just not my stile
I went to a local zombie themed gathering in my town. It was terrible. A fete worse than death.
Had a bet with my friend. The winner got to pick anything they want out of the others toolbox. He was a saw loser
A shipping container spilled its contents of cuts of pork. I wanted to swim out and grab some but the water looked a bit choppy.
My neighbour kindly offered to give me some blue waterproof sheeting , I said Ta Pauline
Told my mate that his he looked like a jug of beer, should of seen his face it was a pitcher
My friend asked if I wanted to go to a fancy dress party as a Bison. I said I'm game.
I got robbed of a broken set of bathroom scales. I told them You won't get a weigh with that
I was stung while waiting in line at a local DIY store. B&amp;Q
I heard a place in Asia are making their own versions of cadburys chocolate bars, tho it could just be Chinese wispas
I watched my mum's sister come spinning into the room, I thought Oh my giddy aunt
Guy I know reckons he punched and slapped a shoal of fish, tho its probably just a load of codswallop
If the brain has 2 settings, fight o flight, it must be seriously confusing for it to choose one when it's a fighter jet pilot's brain.
Did you know that Father Christmas once played football? He was a Santa Forward.
Did you know that Father Christmas once played football. He was a Santa Forward
People who think salad counts as a meal must also think just looking at porn counts as an orgasm
In our society, learning how to slightly beat the odds at gambling is thousands or more times profitable than a college education if you use it in vegas
Support bubbles over Christmas is a fantastic idea... and when I say support bubbles I mean the ones in my cider!
My wife threatened to divorce me when I said I was going to give our daughter a silly name, so I called her Bluff.
3 girls walk into a bar... they shouldve ducked
Dreamt of a handsome cape penguin slapping the inner thigh of a pathologist's 27 year old son somewhere in South Africa.
Having sex in an elevator is wrong on so many levels
What happened to the gay magician?
Ill tell you a heavy metal joke, but you have to promise not to steel it.
Every day is D.Day if you're a stutterer!!
Alcohol is the WD40 for conversations.
I never had the opportunity to try annual sex until I got married.
The price of molded rubber shoes are such a croc
Youre becoming a vegetarian? I think thats a big missed steak.
There is no place like 127.0.0.1
A famous artist standing directly in front of his latest piece tearfully exclaimed, My best work is behind me!
Do Priests have an altar ego?
When all is said and done the encyclopedia industry is going to struggle.
I cant see an end, have no control. dont think theres any escape and dont even have a home anymore, so I thought, yup, definitely time for a new keyboard.
Once met a man with a three foot penis... Said he was in a long distance relationship
The last few weeks of a relationship can really make or break the whole thing.
Making mirrors is something I can see myself doing
The first 5 days after the weekend are always the hardest.
I have beans going around town looking for you
Last night I found the most brilliant throwing stick. It was very fetching.
I got this brilliant new stick for my dog to play retrieve. It was very fetching.
Dental charges are going up next year....Brace yourselves
I think that the reason I've been coming across a lot of pictures of my girlfriend, is because she's out of town for a few days.
When all is said and done the encyclopedia industry is going to struggle.
I thought I would go out for a spin in my centrifuge.
Elijah made fun of false gods by saying they might be sleeping.
I went into a sex shop today and was shocked to find out how much all of my wifes vibrators cost, realizing, shes sitting on a small fortune.
Wife asked me if I've seen the dog bowl... Didn't even know he played cricket.
capitalists are paytriotic
When you learn that being too too kind can be a bad thing.
Pat Sajak is a poor man's Pat Sajak.
You might think a lawyer can't be a Christian at work, but I am a firm believer
Indians who understand physics make YouTube tutorials, Indians who dont understand physics make action movies.
I went to a job interview, and the interviewer asked me "where do you see yourself in 5 years?". I said on a mirror or any reflective surface.
Just received a full refund for the game Cyberbug 2077
Every year I judge the best Christmas jumper, this year I've decided to talk them down instead.
I'm organising the office Christmas jumpers this year, it's my job to talk them down.
Leg's , spread the word.
dont call me your brother unless you're into incest
Where do they take the bad particles?
I just read that the average person has sex 89 times per year, so the rest of December is looking pretty wild for me.
Toobin or not Toobin, that is the question.
Nicki minaj evolved into Cardi b
It's quite ironic that "strap on", backwards, spells 'no parts'.
Joe Biden is as sharp as a, uh, you know, something not sharp.
When all is said and done the encyclopedia industry is going to struggle.
I have a history class now, I ain't that crazy about it. Personally, I think it is best left in the past.
Who said a quote is more important than what it says.
If chess turns you on, it's pawnography.
The best people are those that leave a tab so the next person to use it can find the end.
You cant have your cake and eat another cake too
why insult someone when u can say something nice in a very sarcastic tone.
If my boss yells at me while Im working from home, is that domestic abuse?
Handing in your two weeks is as close as well ever feel to Marios invincibility star.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they are NOT out to get you.
I have reached halfway in learning belly dancing.
My mom asked me to hand out invitations for my brothers surprise birthday party and thats when I realized he was the favorite twin.
Technically, everyone on a plane is a flight attendant.
It's okay to be cool
I like doing multiplications, sum times.
I got a tattoo of a mirror, I tried to laser it off. The entire place got erased.
I stopped playing sports for the same reasons stopped smoking cigarettes, the fear of being too good.
Every house is a bird house depending on how aggressive the bird is.
Inventor of anti aging medicine found to be a pedophile
Now hiring for blow internships
I shouldn't have bought my penis enlargement device on sale, because I ended up getting 50% off.
Never wear Russian undies because Chernobyl fallout.
Like swinging a light saber in a meth filled coal mine
Spineless man finally grew a pair, and doctors were like "What the fuck?"
Semen travels at 28mph which means not only was I public masturbating I was also speeding through that school zone. your honour.
I wish I was my own parka
She was madder than a pansexual when they heard they were trying to classify pedophilia as a sexuality
Ive been put in the doghouse so many times that Ive got it decorated
Love trumps ...
why arent we calling COVID-19 America the Coronial Times?
Even tank operators without uncontrollable twitching and swearing still have turrets.
My problem with cosplay is believing that the Predator would ever attend a conference.
I cant stand to sit.
When you're trying to write a metaphore but your train of though just capsizes.
Three guys walk into a bar. The fourth one is a lawyer.
Anyone who isn't paranoid simply ain't paying attention
My phones low battery warning signal , is the only one I take seriously.
What does Kevin Hart call minigolf? Golf.
Upside Down Cake should always be cooked at 180 degrees.
My obsession with coloured feathers is dyeing down.
She told him to open up to her, so he wore his heart upon his sleeve and was dead within 2 minutes.
A Chinese guy argued with me about his spelling of Chlismas so I told him noel.
People in Africa suffer from separation anxiety, they have apartheid.
if happiness is like a machine, then money doesnt buy happiness, but it buys all the parts to assemble it
Before you talk to me about road rage, if you don't like how I drive, get off the sidewalk.
A ladder craftsman wasn't meeting his quota, so his boss told him to step it up.
I was tired at work, and my boss told me I needed more coffee in my system. Now my computer doesn't work.
So I went to a party with colorful candles everywhere. It was pretty lit.
My Viagra addiction was the hardest time of my life
If other species had evolved at the same mental and physical rate as humans had, would bestiality be seen as progressive now?
They say many hands make light work, but they've never had to punish shoplifters in Tehran.
Every year I celebrate Columbus Day by going to the nearest casino and sneezing on everything.
Was Vanilla Ice the Crystal Clear Pepsi of hip hop?
After one point you have to stop .
Fire trucks in reality are, water trucks.
Remember the good old days, when we used to eat cake after someone blew all over it.
During a power outage, I said to my dog, "these are dark times we are living in."
When a Muslim dies, they meet their Mecca.
Im more likely to win my wifes game if notice anything different about me
If you want to make friends, I recommend reading the instructions prior to assembly.
I was so vengeful that they fired me from the Avengers.
if you like cliffhangers then you'll love
Film Directors are always just take, take, take!
A new Hide &amp; Seek world champion was officially declared MIA
Im seriously thinking about re-marrying my ex-wife, but Im pretty sure shell figure out Im just after my money.
Spotify users will relate
Unemployed lives matter cuz they might get a job
Shouldn't tank tops offer more protection?
Match 32nd is National Free Pizza Day.
Scientists say the sea level is rising at an alarming rate. This me too movement is out of control.
Scientists say the sea level is riding at an alarming rate. This me too movement is out of control.
I arrived home and was surprised to find out my wife had cut a few inches off the bottom leg of my jeans and was using the material to save the pages of her novels. I said, That's a turn up for the books
The goal of playing Golf is to play the least amount of Golf.
Here's Pi digits of Pi: 3.14'
I wish there was a show like "Cash Cab" but called "Cats Cab" where people would get in the cab and there's a cat driving and all these flashing lights go off but instead of answering questions, everybody dies because cats can't drive.
Wanted to take up walking as a pastime, but taking the first step has been challenging.
Hitlers favorite sitcom was mad about jews.
I dug a huge pit in my garden and filled it with donkeys, it's an ass hole.
I asked my friend why there wasn't any food in his rabbit hutch , he said he just likes to let his hare down now and again
I'm Dutch, but I don't fit into the Dutch stereotype at all. I realized that yesterday when I was cycling past a windmill full of prostitutes on my way to a Gouda factory while wearing cloggs &amp; smoking a joint.
You think Rocky Balboa likes his bread cut up in front of people or does he prefer it sliced alone?
I was asked if I knew anyone who would like a firework named after them. I said Catherine will
If a man was killed by electrocution, would the family of the deceased press charges?
How much weed am I supposed to put into this pot pie ?
Pfizer vaccine is the one for me. If they can raise the dead (viagra) then they can surely help the living!
Google down, Bing be like Yahoo!!
When I applied for shift work, I didn't realise the "F" was silent.
The pub is ten minutes from my house, however, my house is two hours from the pub.
Im as single as a dollar, and Im not looking for change
Just because I used a lure to only catch blackfish, people said I was race baiting.
I never use extra virgin olive oil cause I want my food to have some experience.
A friend of mine had to get a second job as a butcher just to make meat ends.
go into a restaurant and ask for oral cuz, you know, thats where you put the food
My dream about soap slipped my mind.
Thomas Edison is most famous for his bright ideas.
I spell the color grey with an 'e' because I once read "gray" without noticing the 'r' and it looked gay to me.
Some people relieve their sexual urge by taking matters into their own hands.
Before having some BDSM sex one might say let me slip into something less comfortable
When I dance, my feet got sole, but my socks got the funk.
Writers get writer's block, and accountants get H&amp;R Block.
I dropped my phone in the toilet and now youre all baptized.
For each action, there is an equal &amp; opposite reaction, plus a social media overreaction.
porn is so unrealistic, my stepdad hated me.
What if the Grinch was Jewish?
Most Asians take pride in their food. Too much of it.
I finally worked up the courage to tinkle out my kidney stone; I knew I had it in me.
I knew I'd be good at golf because of all the people in high school, I always scored the least.
Cancer recently had a Piers Morgan scare.
My dog and I are thrilled working from home has afforded me more time for pet projects.
My dog and I are both thrilled working from home had given me more time for pet projects.
You might get testicular cancer in the brain,dickhead.
Take care
Went into the local gas store today and asked for some nitrous oxide. The guy in the store said, you must be having a laugh...
My girlfriend is always correcting my grammar during sex, shes always saying things like tickle his balls more Gramma!
Why girlfriend is always correcting my grammar during sex, shes always saying things like tickle his balls more gramma!
I bought a universal remote control and thought to myself, "now this changes everything"
I once had a girlfriend in fifth grade, then I lost my teaching license and now face criminal charges
Why don't criminals join the Jehova community? They don't want witnesses.
How many whores does it take to screw a light bulb?
My friends laughed at me when I told them I had a hot date and said she was imaginary, however, the jokes on them  theyre imaginary too!
I once had a boyfriend in kindergarten, then he got fired
I once had a boyfriend in kindergarten
I once had a boyfriend in kindergarten. Then he got fired
some people spend their whole lives never turning left, and thats alright.
Tampax are releasing a tampon with tinsel attached for the Christmas period.
Where is it?
Why is dislexia so hard to spell?
One of Chris Brown's greatest hits was to Rhianna's face
Men with erectile disfunction wake up mourning wood.
Police only say they used a 'non-lethal weapon', so that Mel Gibson and Danny Glover don't get any royalties
The Dark Knight Rises is so terrible, not even Alan Smithee would agree to attach his name it
I think someone should explain to Southerners that MILF means someone else's mom.
In a parallel universe, butterflies have tattoos of fat chicks.
I took a girl out last night, one punch.
Ironman dies of Anemia.
whats the problem he sneezed so I said krampus bless you
Driving in the mountains is an uphill battle
A friend of mine has a trophy wife, but apparently, it wasn't first place.
A Freudian slip is when you say one thing but mean your mother.
I want to start an all brass quartet with a lumber theme and Ill call it the tuba four.
The price for a balloon goes up after it is inflated.
'    ,    - 
Ive been trying to study micro-penises recently but theyre very hard to get a grasp on.
Global climate chaos is our planet's man-infest destiny.
This year's Thanksgiving feast was gorge us.
Boobs are in everyone's breast interest.
"I'd rather have a bottle in fronta me, than a frontal lobotomy." - Tom Waits
Looks like alcohol is in my future according to (how) my whores cope.
I don't answer video calls before 9am and after 9pm, because my face is restored to Factory Settings.
I'm trying to find a book on camouflage.
In the movie Dumb &amp; Dumber, if Mary had actually gotten together with Lloyd and married him, her name would've been Mary Christmas
Did you hear theyre thinking about rebooting My Left Foot
January 20, 2021
They say that science and religion don't mix but, if it weren't for DNA, They wouldn't have caught all those priests.
Dick Cheney recently applied to be on Wyomings Water Board
A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a beer and a mop.
If Santa puts himself on the naughty list will Christmas be swallowed into a black hole of logic?
superman running from a woman with a strap-on made of kryptonite
Who called it junk food and not cookills?
Learn Australian: lesson one, .
Your mum's so fat Elon Musk wants to land a vehicle on her
The job title of a firearms enthusiast and speechwriter is a glockenspiel.
I wanted to take a course in Epistemology but I didn't know how to
Ive met death in passing.
idioms that don't take into account inflation are a dime a dozen these days
The limit of using dating apps is reached when you start finding cousins on it
Im a liar, you gotta believe me
I used to like Mitch Hedburg. I still do, but I used to, too.
Never play charades against deaf people.
Couples duet better
Is everyone just sitting in corners at Time Out HQ
I scream my own name when I masturbate
Officer I did offer that woman money for sex but only if she passes the job interview after the flight to near vegas where it's legal
The story about my trip to the massage parlor is rather dirty, but at least it had a happy ending.
Horses are just pointless Unicorns.
If the Queen got stoned, she'd be your Royal Highness.
Jesus Christ drives a Christler &amp; a Honda, for he did not speak of his own Accord [John 12:49 (NIV)].
When Trump took office, little did he know...
Never trust an electrician with no eyebrows.
Gut, dass der Atlantik immer breiter wird.
I really have to force myself to get through this book on friction.
I may be Indian, but your Mumbi.
So I was beating some skinheads in the cancer ward...
You should never push a man on a mood swing.
Well, at least the price of oral sex is going down.
Never play charades against deaf people.
Whatever you do, never play charades against deaf people.
Never play charades against deaf people. They know sign language and you wll lose.
If my last name was Pepper, you can bet your ass I'd have gone to medical school.
Having been married for 12 years, I know for a fact that fun is not all a girl really wants.
Rock With You: A lovesong from one archaeologist to another.
Shake It Off: A song about how Trump deals with allegations.
I hid photos on my computer of me petting animals at the zoo in a file named Fireworks and Vacuums so my dog wouldn't find them.
If we started murdering people for not using the metric system then thered be real trouble a foot
I'm schizophrenic, and so am I!
I hate being bi-polar. It's great!
If the building in Moscow begins to fall apart piece by piece, is it Kremlin?
I was taught to never use the Oxford comma by Mrs. Henderson, my high school English teacher and a first-rate whore.
It would be interesting to know what everyone around the world thinks of Americans,
A common cause of fainting at RHCP shows is low bloodsugarsexmagik
 !11!    
Bad priests pray on kids
Anything recommended by a stoned person is highly recommended
The price of balloons has gone up due to inflation.
Not many people can brag about getting a handjob from the barber after a haircut, but then again, not many people cut their own hair.
I'm so broke I have a participation trophy wife.
I wonder if we actually ever found out who let the dogs out...
Gynaecologists must get more excitement out of watching porn
Introverts don't need to have a secret double life, their whole life is a secret.
What's the name of that dude who played Vin Diesel in "Fast and Furious"?
The popularity of scuttling ships is going down.
I love watching women wearing their favourite shoes - it shows in their face.
Amish Subreddit
2020 was rough but a special shout out to dogs who had to experience it seven times.
I dropped my phone in the lake, its syncing.
My girlfriend likes to have sex outdoors and I dont, so we compromised and took the spring off the letterbox.
You don't know how much someone is worth to you, until you try to sell them.
Im starting a group for people who appreciate nuance and complexity, youre either with us or against us.
Alcoholic spirits go from boos to booze.
I bought my wife a Hula Hoop, it fits.
Of course I think all my opinions are right; if I didn't think they were right, I wouldn't hold them as opinions!
If M&amp;M's go to university, do they become Smarties?
Blind guy walks into a bar. Then a wall. Then another bar. Then another wall. Then he finally finds the door.
Blind guy walk into a bar. Then a wall. Then another bar. Then another wall. Then he finally finds the door.
Everyone may get this tasteless COVID joke.
  '            
Safety doesn't happen by accident.
I am big
I've discovered I have a logic fetish, I just can't stop coming to conclusions.
The anti-vax movement is about to go viral again.
    !11!
Me for me is you for you.
A restaurant served me soggy spaghetti, so I put in a re-straining order.
A seal gets a letter and opens it.
I have sex daily. Wait, no. I have dyslexia.
          !11!
To whoever stole my anti-depressants, I hope you're happy now.
These days Im honestly more worried if I see someones nose then to see someone naked.
Like they say in Iraq, tanks again!
The March of Dimes should start a new campaign to "Stamp Out Land Mines".
My wife has a weird habit of starting conversations by saying "Are you even listening to me?"
Abstinence at college helps you study hard.
These damned brain-eating amoebas live rent free in my head
memory lane is the most frightening street in the city
A seal walks into a club.
I tried to start my own IV, but my efforts were in vein.
Males are just iron deficient females.
I'm like an open book... that you probably wouldn't want to read.
When I moved into my new igloo, my friends threw me a housewarming party and now I'm homeless.
A zebra is twenty-five sizes bigger than an A bra.
Our solar system has a 1-star rating.
A tenured professor is fireproof.
If there's one thing that makes me throw up, it's a dart board on a ceiling.
I went through a period..
Fought my old girlfriend last night, call that Xbox
Rats are underrated, according to the dictionary.
Taking the wrapper off a prepackaged serving is very off pudding.
Neutering takes balls .
I recently won a football tournament and they gave me a stuffed kitten for doing so. Truly a catastrophy...
One thing that is better than winning the gold medal at the special olympics,not being retarded
A man with dyslexia walked into a bra.
When Jenga's on sale, people line up for blocks.
When you tickle a man to death by accident, it is manslaughter.
    ,        .
Last time I was someone's type, I was donating blood.
My dad cheated on my mom with his secretary. She should've seen it coming though... he s a pornstar, after all.
My dad cheated on my mom with his secretary. My mom should've seen it coming though. I mean... he s a pornstar after all.
What do you call a stronghold that's just 3 feet tall and made of grass? A low hay fort.
Did you know that 72% of statistics are made up?
Why the hell did they name them 'Soldier ants' and not 'Combatants'?
If some loser comes and steals your girl, he's doing you a favor
Gays make great students because they pass most tests with flying colors.
A bullet to the head is the fastest way to become open minded
Hell is a lapdog that demands all your waking attention then refuses to cuddle in bed.
Our lives got flipped, turned upside down, and we didn't even get to move to Bel-Air
A sentence without puncutations are pretty Pointless.
I wish fewer people knew about the Streisand effect.
"rich people have nostalgia. poor people have history."
I wish less people knew about the Streisand effect.
Understand paranoid people better by following them around...
    !11!
  -      #6
DO NOT TOUCH must be one of the most terrifying things to read in braille.
Taste buds must get along really well with each other.
Study: Chinese are more likelee
The flat earth movement proudly announced today they now have followers all around the globe.
Due to the quarantine, I'll only be telling inside jokes.
Lesbians cook? I thought they just ate out?
The only way Im getting shredded at the gym is if my shoelace gets caught in the stairmaster.
What is the opposite of a shower?
People with epilepsy should avoid forming a flash mob
I dont care that I didnt win the Best Winemaker award but maybe thats just sour grapes.
I come in peace
organized religion stole my foreskin
A hole in my mouth led to my drinking problem
I used to just kiss her on the lips. Now its all over!
Worrying doesn't take away tomorrow's troubles, it takes away today's peace.
Oral sex in the morning, is a great way to get a head start.
A good way to save money is to put some into a jar every time you use a profanity. I swear by it.
I lost my job as an ice cream tester because I couldn't do sundaes.
I can't believe no one has managed to come up with a cure for anorexia yet, honestly, I thought it'd be a piece of cake.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kickboxing
Our dog has steel balls and no back legs. His name's Sparky.
        ,       .
I am the most modest person in the history of mankind.
          .
Ash trays should be called butt-holes
Imma hog the pork tonight.
I've been collecting Beatles albums and I need Help!
Keep doing mental gymnastics, you need the exercise.
Do gun manuals have a trouble shooting section?
In India, you don't cast your vote, you vote your cast.
My dictionary is hooked on drugs, so much so that its now addictionary.
I was undecided about buying a lamp, but now I'm seeing things in a new light.
Just bought a case of light bulbs, so my future's looking bright.
I heard a great Trump joke but it's no longer relevant.
To all paranoia recoverers, we're right behind you!
I'm Dutch, but I don't really do typical Dutch things. I realized that yesterday when I was riding my bike on my way to a Gouda factory while wearing cloggs &amp; smoking weed.
Most people are shocked when they find out how incompetent I am as an electrician.
After spending 245 plus days in quarantine, I've decided I really need some alone time.
Say what you like about bowlers, but they get the ball rolling.
What if there were no hypothetical questions?
With fuel prices nowadays, it's actually cheaper to buy cocaine and run everywhere instead.
Weighted blankets are a great way to sleep like youre about to get X-rays.
Johnny Appleseed is the only pothead taught to elementary school students.
I'm named my son Pillsbury because he has no arms or legs and he's always on a roll.
My daughter has no arms or legs, so I named her Pillsbury because eventually she'll roll
I was headed to the 2nd floor of the mall when the escalator suddenly sped up. So, I escalated quickly
I've woken up 10,000 times and still not used to it.
I put the sexy in dyslexic
The failing theater company started becoming a show off.
The word "misread" can be misread as "misread".
I told my suitcases that thered be no vacation this year. Now Im dealing with emotional baggage.
We were so poor when I was young, if I hadnt been a boy, Id have had nothing to play with.
setting up scenes for porn should be called "Cock Blocking"
Im so fat and poor, I only have one diabete.
YouTubers should be called blahbers.
Bad Puns are how eye roll.
Being bipolar has its ups and downs.
Someone once asked me if I could do a show for homeless people. I said: Sure, what's the adress?
I can't stand anthropomorphic didlos, they're fucking assholes.
[NSFW] People who buy sex dolls are fucking dummies
If you want to rile up an atheist, tell them it's been mathematically proven that it's impossible to turn a square into a cube without a higher power.
Does anyone know where I can adopt a pet peeve?
I'm constantly amazed that only 26 letters in the alphabet can produce so much bullshit.
Ultimately, Presidents Abraham Lincoln &amp; John F. Kennedy were the most open-minded.
My rescue dog has no legs, so I named her cigarette, and every night we go out for a drag.
Not saying I'm ugly, but I had to pay for all my drinks at Club Tropicana.
Do you know why they call it pms? Mad cow was already taken.
Temporal displacement is confusing now and then
Juno is the best movie about a man getting pregnant since Junior.
I had a bet with my wife that I could give up gambling.
Diarrhea is hereditary in my family, it runs in my jeans.
When you pick a pig's nose you get hamboogers.
My Reddit account (u/kielbasa_crotch_kid) is like the new M1 Macbook Air because it's new, and doesn't have a single fan.
If you live on Earth, then you probably have third world problems.
When life give you melons, you might have dyslexia
Do straws have 1 hole or 2 ?
My favourite film without a doubt, is Mrs Fire.
Male pornstars are always hard at work
When my feet fall asleep they're coma toes.
Temporal mechanics is confusing every now and then
I was so depressed by my dyslexia I tried to throw myself in back.of a bus.
They should really call it Underwear on the Couch Mix, because I hardly ever eat it on a trail.
'Seldom' is a word I rarely use.
If a dog eats a hotdog, would that mean its a dog eats dog world?
Waaaait did u guys know that nothing starts with N and ends with G?
Exaggeration isn't everything it's made out to be
Not to toot my own horn but, I saved up to buy it so Im gonna play it.
Xi proposeses the extradition of Donald Trump to China in exchange of sex workers to America in classic Twit-for-Twat diplomacy.
In the span of 5 years, the Wachowski Brothers went from being good filmmakers to being neither of those things.
Jeremy Beadle had a microwave
Canadians love aioli
Stationery shops -- now that's a business that's going nowhere
I got head from a midget,she went up on me.
Statistically, a woman having a boyfriend/husband right now is more likely to kill them than covid.
Statistically, a woman having a boyfriend/husband right now is more likely to kill a woman than covid.
im only friends with people that have autism because i dont want to make eye contact either.
with all the drinking and driving my dad is a pretty good multitasker.
If hindsight if 2020, then I bought the wrong calendar
Say what you like about cigarettes, but they're breathtaking.
Hyperbole is the worst figure of speech in the multiverse.
my doctor says i have something callled dylexis?
I'm trying lose weight.
They put honest Abe on the penny because hes in a cent
Mute people go carol signing at Christmas.
My brother was so good at Russian Roulette, he lost only once
Recommendation: Confirm your suspicions with proof only
Alabama's largest export is called Gross Domestic Product.
I took a tab of acid, just for shits and giggles.
Ever accidentally click on a porn site advertisement and think "Well. Time to get a new phone"?
Whoever said marriage is like gambling must have known my ex-wife because she was a real "slut machine.."
I'm American.
X squared is an axis power.
Iron man is Fe-male.
December 1st is gonna be nuts
Sometimes I wonder what happened to Mike Hunt. 
Last night at the hospital, we were so short staffed that everyone was under 5 feet.
I'm so poor my only funds are daylight savings.
I used to like tooth fairies before they gave me that cavity search.
I told my girlfriend to make me an sandwich so she paid 2 guys to fuck me.
I've told the postman a hundred times, Theo C Cupier doesn't live here
So my friends and I
I'm like a jedi warrior in bed
After drawing three 90 angles, Matthew McConaughey said: all-right, all-right, all-right.
The word camouflage doesn't appear to be in my dictionary.
I think my girlfriend's farts are really tute.
Her dream was to be a pornstar and it came true, but sadly, she never does.
The names Lingerie and dont you wear it out!
Amazon is selling LIFE for #19.99... that's cheap, maybe I should get one.
Fuck you for bringing out my dissorder.
Fuck you for bringing up my dissorder.
Fuck you for talking about my dissorder.
When I ate a kids meal at McDonalds today, his mom got really angry.
I think the Discovery Channel should be on a different channel everyday.
To get through an Eminem concert, you must have great stanima.
The wife was tired, so I drew her a bath with a Sharpie.
Horses may get into films but they are always saddled with bit parts
... like a broken calculatorit just didn't add up ...
Are you still afraid of pedophiles? Grow up.
Ask Beavis I get nothing but head.
My wife's knickers are not to be sniffed at.
For people with extreme food allergies, every month is No Nut November
For a limited time only, Walmart is giving away free stuff to anyone who can outrun security.
My dad is addicted to Viagra, no one is taking it harder than my mum.
      ,         .
Talking to people about the benefits of dried grapes is all about raisin awareness.
The milk longed for it's mother, but what's left of her is a mammary.
It rained so much last night that the little mermaid stopped wishing for legs.
According to a survey, 1 in 4 hills are very steep.
I work in an operating room so: It sucks when the suction sucks. It also sucks when the suction doesnt suck.
My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the zoo.
The Wachowski Brothers have gone from being good filmmakers to being neither of those things.
When I first realized that somebody broke into my house and stole my Imodium, I shit myself
my friends say im reliable because im down for anything, but my therapist says im depressed.
If you want a 'Rock of Ages' sequel to be better than the original then just call it 'Paper of Ages'.
I used to take the phrase brown-nosing literally, until I learned it was tongue-in-cheek.
I used to take the phrase brown-nosing literally, before I knew it was actually tongue-in-cheek
I tell everyone they're right. I'm agreedy son of a bitch.
My lad isn't the best son in the world, but my dad says that he's a grand child.
I spent $300 to make a belt out of herbs, but most tell me that it's just a waist of thyme.
This school shooting one liner is aimed at a younger demographic.
If you slap Dwayne Johnsons butt do you Hit Rock Bottom?
My ex-girlfriend died trying to jump the Grand Canyon and I can't get over it, but then again neither could she.
Sine &amp; Cosine waves have their ups and downs as they're just going through a phase.
Everytime you light a lighter, it gets lighter.
I quit my job as an animator without making a scene.
Everything that has a beginning has an n
The main ingredients in my Dad's Herb soup are Thyme and Effort.
Decked the halls today, other halls better watch out!
How to be /not be a simp
You can't have manslaughter without laughter.
My bedroom was like a sauna last night, it was filled with naked Swedish guys.
I wrote a joke about getting my hay bales stolen and I was wondering if you could give me some feed back.
If your kid goes missing and youre not in a hurry to get them back I think you should put their picture on a carton of long life milk.
Was the person who created the word sorry actually sorry?
People who work night shift are usually kept in the dark.
My toast is stuck
A Mexican midget is called a paragraph because he's not a full essay.
Writing a joke is like banging your head against an apple tree hoping a pineapple falls out.
Wait, if you slap Dwayne Johnsons Butt...
I listen to underground hip-hop like Tupac &amp; Biggie Smalls.
Who understands how Javelin works? Please, throw light on it. Just go straight to the point and do not spear any details
Crayfish have no chill.
You can't have happiness without penis at the end.
I just had a conversation with a Christian who said " beliefs aren't set in stone"
You can't have happiness without penis.
Never leave home without your keys, people! You just never know when you might run into a band in desperate need of a pianist.
I had no idea Madonna played soccer.
So I'm at the pub. Enjoying a pint. When out of nowhere, some guys just started making marmelade. I guess it was an improvised jam-session.
I booked a flight to Turkey for thanksgiving.
"We are but big dicks, learning how to swing"
I was fuming when I found out my wife bought me a "day out Drag Racing Course" for my birthday, she knows I can't run in heels.
Im so manly I eat my bananas from the side
My depressed friend asked me if he should apply for a job that's way out of his league. I just told him to take the leap.
The only thing worse than being a turkey on Thanksgiving is being a retail worker tomorrow.
Sigmund Freud, putting the anal in analysis.
Face masks are gonna become the new bras in the future.
Elohwell
A man with 2 left feet goes into a shoe store and asks, "Do you sell flip, flips?"
I'm beginning to think this app is rigged and my votes get stolen.
My new oxygen mask was a breath of fresh air.
If there is one singular thing i hate and despise, it's redundundancy
When Donald Trump takes viagra, he gets taller
It was my lack of knowledge in Greek Mythology that led to my Achilles Elbow
High blood pressure is like having your arteries charged with a salt.
Before humans gave dogs names, did they all think of themselves as "woof woof"?
Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Fattiness.
Join The Flat Earth Society today and become a part of an organization that has members all around the globe!
Alcohol's water, but more cool. What do kids say, these days? Fire? Alcohol's some fire water.
My two favorite things are helping my uncle jack off a horse and not using capitals.
Free tampons with no strings attached.
Call me Apple because I make the best self owns.
I'm giving away my guitar for FREE! This NOT a scam! No strings attached.
I'm giving my guitar away for FREE! This is NOT a scam! No strings attached.
Why do conversations with amputees always seem so one-sided?
A housekeeper doesn't get to keep the house.
Noticing a chair could help me reach the coffee gave me an adrenaline boost.
Noticing the chair could help me reach the coffee gave me an adrenaline boost.
My psychiatrist used to be an X-ray tech, so he sees right through me.
Maradone
I don't know if adult deer tastes good dipped in melted cheese, but their fawn do.
Chicken strips for $6. I think I walked into the wrong your of gentleman's club
The man accused of killing everyone at the Grammys said he was only trying to shoot for the stars.
Parmesan is the most grateful cheese.
The dreamer who assassinated everyone at the Grammys said he was just shooting for the stars.
Around 83% people lie all the time
Im into fitness...fitness whole pizza in my mouth
Superfluous is an unnecessary word
It takes great intelligence to survive being so stupid
Walked into a shop today, with my bicycle light set to strobe. I said "don't mind me I've just come to flash"
If you want an unbeatable christmas present for your friend, get them a broken drum.
Fresh sashimi is a rare treat.
New York is where we will never forget ... until we fugget about it.
a Q leads the quiet letters in a Queue.
There's no 'I' in denial.
I'm so poor, I can't even spend the night.
Dont get bitter, just get better
A frog jumps on a trampoline... and is never seen again.
I heard they are remaking Passion of the Christ but from the Gentile point of view and they are going to call it the Uncut version.
I heard they are remaking Passion of the Christ but the Gentiles point of view and they are calling it the Uncut version.
1 in 8 people in Russia are nesting dolls.
Bodies by Drowning Pool is the perfect theme song to Americas COVID response
Eating two whole pizzas a day has made me a well-rounded person.
Was walking down the milk aisle in Tesco today, the milk cartons were getting higher and higher, before you knew it they were past your eyes
When I'm seated I don't bother with the spaces between words, albeit notwithstanding
Ive opened a deer cloning service. Its for anyone hoping to make a quick buck
Some people think it's ok to have sex with children, but that's just nonce sense.
If I ever find a necrophile they're gonna be fucking dead.
_
Im the best at being kidnapped. I can do it with both hands tied behind my back.
Look on the bright side, that's the screen
A group of "mouthy" people are nothing more than "apocalypse"
I'm the best in the world at sitting down, I sat for a month and got atrophy
You just can't beat a poached egg!
Does Lightning McQueen use car insurance or life insurance?
i find metal fasteners absolutely riveting.
The ancient Egyptians loved cat videos.
I'm Friends With 25 Letters of the Alphabet, But I Don't Know Y.
Saw an escalator for the first time today, just stopped and staired.
Having sex while camping is fucking in tents.
Annoyed at my constant reminders to stop eating her own body parts, my wife threw up her hands in frustration.
I once pranked a leprosy patient after which he told me to stop pulling his leg
In cold weather, people on the street always say I should bee less frightening, but I like my yellow jacket.
I ate some scrabble tiles and I fear my next bathroom visit could spell DISASTER.
What do you get when you cross ammonia and bleach?
If youre an amateur pastry chef and terrible speller, you can offer your friends baked gods
All Wine is mulled Wine if you think about it.
A luxury Hotel Bed is Hard to Turn down.
To determine the sex of a chromosome just pull down its genes.
Nothing tops a plain pizza.
Cant believe I got fired on my very first day as a signwirter.
On January 1, 2021, 2020 will be hindsight
Fuck dad jokes. Better than asexual ones.
Reese Witherspoon is my favourite actress that sounds like an answer in Cluedo (Clue)
Women spend more time wondering what men are thinking than men spend thinking.
Women spend more time wondering what men are thinking than men spend thinking.
Rule 34, Cogito, ergo cum.
Snoo, the Reddit alien, is just a reposting of the Snorks.
Twitter (n.): A place to express your ignorance, to ask stupid questions and to boast about your failures.
Called up the local pub today, said "hello is this the local pub?" and they replied "depends."
An assassin once told me the craziest thing he saw in his career was one guy killing another with an N95 mask, or lack thereof.
Imagine someone who fails at everything so he decides to become a recluse but also fails at that.
GOLDEN SHOWER...I'm in, if urine.
The thief who stole my Iphone should face time.
Recently I was diagnosed with either Dementia or Alzheimer's, I can't remember
I only use George Formby Antivirus for when I'm cleaning Windows.
Maybe Trump isn't the guy leading all those election lawsuits, but I'm pretty sure he's had a small hand in it.
What Has 4 Letters
Mall Santas are going to spread more than just Christmas joy to children this year...
Water is heavier than butane because butane is a lighter fluid.
Colonel Sanders licked his fingers because he was always putting them in his butt.
Asshat is a technical tern because asses do look like brain.
The instant cameras at the Kodak factory took some time to develop.
Mount Rushmore rocks, but the Statue of Liberty is OutStanding!
My city's got magical healing properties, or as they're known colloquiallyhospitals.

Suddenly CEO of a candy factory started shaking and nearly collapsed as their sugar levels dropped.
Breast are proof that man can concentrate on two things at once
A redhead baker is a ginger bread-man.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
I just heard that Matthew McConaughey may run for governor of Texas; I wonder if his stance will be all right, all right, all right?
Service
The biscuit got aggressive when it became a limp bizkit.
I wanted to be a monk but I never got the chants.
In the end, mankind used so much toilet paper they wiped themselves out.
In 2020 big Thanksgiving dinners = small Christmas funerals.
if you want to tie the strongest knot, just place your wired headphones in your pocket for a few minutes.
scientists announce the discovery of doesn't matter but, no one knows how it relates to other known particles.
welcome to Florida, Winter is at 6, spring starts at 10, summer is at 2pm, and fall is around 4:30. Dress accordingly
Peanut somehow has the two things most people use there dick for
Do I lose when the police officer says papers and I say scissors?
83% of gym members have no idea their gym is closing down.
I made synonym rolls just like grammar
I hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious.
Upon seeing my new tattoo, my angered spouse retaliated by getting a breast reduction; it was tit for tat.
Will hourglasses filled with cremated ashes be a success? Remains to be seen.
Hi suicidal, Im dad
Hmm, that's a really nice ham you have there. Sure would be a shame if someone put an s in front of it &amp; an e after it.
Ejaculation after 3.14 seconds of sex is called a cream pi.
I was kidnapped by mimes. They did unspeakable things to me.
Geology rocks, but pyrology's fire.
Choosy
On the hole, thongs feel great.
My intellectual property is in foreclosure.
My psychic told me I wasn't going to be able to make it...
BULIMIA....Twice the taste, none of the calories.
Keep calm and come first
Swords have some sick cutting edge technology.
Santa Claus is real...ly mom and dad.
If Abraham Lincoln had gone on a hunger strike there would have been an Emaciation Proclamation.
Never ask a starfish for directions.
I was skeptical about baking letters, but I ended up eating my words.
I showed up wearing all camo, and was told that the doctor couldn't see me.
My sweet girlfriend bought me a pair of boxer briefs that read: Enjoy the Little Things.
I wanted to put a measure on the ballot that would release all English instructors from prison, but apparently, you can't end sentences with a proposition.
Announcing a hunger strike is an emaciation proclamation.
People in Athens hate waking up early because dawn is tough on Greece.
Explosive Dough? That's the last thing I knead
At After-School Pessimism club, the Class was always half empty.
If people from Holland and the Phillipines get married, would their children be Hollapinos?
I'm just eating a Burrito covered in Sour Cream, it's my favourite thing to do whilst covered in Sour Cream.
If Chuck Norris is really so awesome, he would show up at my house and slam my face onto the keyboaroijioejoiwsglbkjvbn4bsv49bs9ibe
I was dismissed from my job as an apprentice executioner because I just couldn't get the hang of it.
When something is outrageous, we have a spit-take. The Japanese are so hardcore, they have a shittake
Recommendation: Get Proof to Expose any cheating spouse
How old do you have to be to join the KKK?
Covid 1 year today! (Two days ago)
Me &amp; my friends just took a "What Disney Character Are You?" test. One friend was Elsa from Frozen, one was Sulley from Monsters Inc. and another was Elastigirl from The Incredibles. I was Ed, the stupid Hyena from The Lion King.
Old MacDonald Had a Site, eie.io
I think my girlfriend's hallucinating, as she keeps insisting that she's seeing other people.
Anal can be scarey, it puts the willies up me.
Having some places lock down and other places not lock down is like having a peeing section in the swimming pool.
If he was half as intelligent as his fans claim, they wouldnt be his fans in the first place.
If you watch a barn-raising video in reverse you're watching a barn-razing
Autopsy club party this Friday! Open Mike night!
There is no better feeling than laying next to the person you love and they dont know you love them, or that youre in their house again
Snowmen don't need scarves, idiots.
How do you prevent a Summer cold? Catch it in the Winter!
When my wife split her pants I made some unseemly comments
The true meaning of spent.
I like to compare my dick to a bar of snickers; its brown, thick, full of nuts and some people may or may not like it.
International mens day is just another made up holiday designed to sell more men...
Dove chocolate taste better than their soap.
The difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea?... Donald Trump never watched a garbanzo bean.
Hummus S. Thompson is famous for inventing garbanzo journalism.
I find that meditating while crossdressed helps me reach a state of transgendence.
In retrospect maybe saying she looked whore-able wasnt the compliment I thought it was.
It must be hard for a palmreader to give pricks handjobs all day...
According to Greek mythology, Chiron was a half human/half horse doctor which made him the Centaur for Disease Control.
Confusing is my 1,5st name
Maybe its indecisiveness. Maybe its Maybelline.
My girlfriend bought me the kama sutra last Christmas, which put me in a very awkward position.
Are crystal urns a dead loss? Remains to be seen.
Iron Man and War Machine are cool, but theres a stark difference between them.
Successful palm readers ... got to give them a hand.
The custodians at my school kept insisting that I smoke weed with them, but I declined because I can't deal with high-maintenance people.
Mayo's a horse; Mayo neighs.
Raisin Awareness
Mardi Gras: endjoy yourself!
Still no luck I still try even though i know I'm going to fail
Back in my day, "blowing a tranny" was car problems.
I once saw a rooster chirp like a bird. Good to see that he was thinking outside the bawks.
Jokes about old-guy testicles are really going for the low-hanging fruit
I can usually draw a 3" line using my thumb, as a rule.
I've been a fan of Gazpacho soup since before it was cool.
I quit deli meats cold turkey.
Had to quit my bomb disposal job, I just couldn't cut it.
Attempting tech humor
My handyman left me hanging around forever waiting for him to take down a crucifix.
I cant believe how expensive it is to buy a bicycle pump these days. Guess thats inflation for you...
The adjective for metal is metallic, but not so for iron, which is ironic.
A dog's version of the 'milk, milk, lemonade' song would go, "Milk, milk, milk, milk, milk, milk, milk, milk, milk, milk, lemonade, round the corner chocolates made."
I really want to buy one of those grocery checkout dividers but the cashier keeps putting it back.
(automoderator test, will remove) cheating partner, proof ONLY, with PROOF ONLY
-
I worked as a lion tamer, theres a lot of pride in working with lions
2020: The year health experts told you to avoid the gym
Bananas only go to school on sundaes
Baby are you ubisoft
I went to the dentist to get a filling, it was chocolate.
Just asked my Magic 8 Ball what the best way to view emails is and apparently 'Outlooks not so good'
You are not virgin, you are just unsuccesexful .
As a deaf musician, as far as Im concerned, Pac is Bach.
lil motivation to make it through the week
The darkweb child exploitation ring blew up because of a Tor pedo.
Recommendation: Confirm your suspicions to Expose any cheating partner
Haven't heard anyone making fun of preppers in a couple of months
Me and my girlfriend have a textbook relationship, by which I mean its way too expensive.
Do they allow loud laughing in Hawaii, or just a low ha?
As a child, my hot seat was sitting in the corner; it was always 90 degrees.
Yesterday, I swam with a dolphin for hours, we just clicked.
The jackhammer technology is truly groundbreaking.
Billionaire tax laws aren't reformed because why fix them if they ain't broke?
The restaurant at the porn convention was first come first serve.
Trump is just following his familiar pattern of forcing himself onto people who already said "NO"!
I knew a guy who was born at a young age
I have a degree in Celsius
I told my sister I wouldn't sleep with her, but she incested.
In hawaii, they don't laugh out loud, instead it's just a low ha.
Fingering 'a' minor is perfectly legal for a pianist.
I recently found out that Ive had dementia for four years
two exes were tied with a rope but the rope broke,
aX + bY + c = 0
If your phone vibrates every time i look at your pic. Your phone would be a vibrator right now 
If UPS ever goes bankrupt but they're able to come back, they should add a '1' to the beginning of their name.
I once sat on my text book. Now I know why people call me a smart ass.
Do they allow loud laughing in Hawaii, or just a low ha?
what would possess someone to use a ouija board
I'd love to know what possesses people to use ouija boards
I've spanked my wife, way more than her parents ever did.
Heebie jeebies
I've set myself a five year plan to become more spontaneous.
Taxidermists are starting to be taken over by Uberdermists
The 'Defective Battery Convention' was free of charge.
The person who invented the 'tutu' must've put 'tu' &amp; 'tu' together.
The person who invented the ballet tutu must've put tu &amp; tu together.
Body fat is like credit card debt...easy to accumulate, but hard to eliminate.
Ignorance is bliss, while wisdom is bliss, because the wise always insist, that not reflection of not knowing is a gift.
I know better than to pretend to know better.
Man who stands on toilet is high on pot.
My therapist says I am too preoccupied by vengeance. Well see about that...
Does the Arsenal Player consume bread that has no bromate and Saka-rin?
I'm so punk I don't even flush the toilet. Fuck the cistern!
Some people take steps to avoid elevators because, sure, they'll let you down, but they can also be uplifting, &amp; will take you to the next level.
I'm fine with Mr. but Ms doesn't have a period
Recommendation: Expose any cheating spouse with proof only
My friend has a gluten allergy, and the only place that would hire him is a shop that sells breads from around the globe; he's in a World of Pain 
My dog Hope ran away; I feel hopeless.
I wonder if anybody uses 'Head and Shoulders' to wash their shoulders?
At Grandad's funeral we decided to bury him vertically. Plot twist.
Just moved to Iraq and started a wrecked service, it's called camel tow.
I dont always interrogate my sandwiches but I have grilled cheese
If only mosquitoes sucked fat instead of blood!!
My doctor thinks I'm a greedy bear, he said I'm bi-polar.
Who called it lubricant and not prenut butter?
I'm excited because I've accepted a lot of websites' cookies...I can't wait for them to arrive!
Me: *Quickly whisking eggs* ... Wife: I've seen faster whiskers on a cheetah.
Suicidal twin kills sister by mistake
Hindsight is 20/20 when I can see my ass in the mirror clearly.
I'm having a social distancing party tonight and no one's invited
In hindsight, maybe calling my school for meditation the Concentration Camp was a bad idea
If only mosquitoes sucked fat, instead of blood !!!
A group of homosexual lions is a gay pride.
Everyone always wants a man 6 feet tall but really they should want a man that's 6 feet away.
New Starbucks deal, if you go without a mask youll get a free venti later.
Enough is enough, they are the same word.
I hate when mathematicians add to my jokes.
If theres a morning wood, is there an evening wouldnt?
I really can't kill those bed bugs.
When life gets you down, make a comforter.
Trump hired a personal trainer before the election, he thought it would help him pick up more votes.
It's amazing how much authority a parking cone has !!!
The beauty of Mt Rushmore before the carvings was unpresidented.
Ive been pushing the envelope all my life but it remains stationery.
My uncle is like a good love story, very touching...
I was addicted to the hokey pokey. but thankfully, I turned myself around.
I wondered why the ball was getting bigger...
Jay named his triplet daughters after himself: Kay, Elle, and Emme.
Googled 'how to light a cigar' &amp; got 80,000 matches.
The best assassins make a killing.
Paradoxes are weird I love and hate them at the same time
I'm now taking suggestions for a more modern version of the phrase "no need to reinvent the wheel" to appeal to younger people.
I'm so dumb I thought McDonald's was a farm.
Friday 13th in 2020...What could possibly go wrong ?
Recommendation: Expose any cheating partner with proof only
I say 'mundo' to my Spanish friends; it means the world to them.
I have a pen that can write underwater, along with several other words.
Super Mario was ahead of his time because in '85 he already had bitcoins.
Hot actors are like hot ovens, it usually makes the news when someone puts a baby inside them
Communism will never work - it has too many red flags.
Commissioned art is kind of like different strokes for different folks.
Two weeks into isolation and I'm starting to get on my fucking nerves.
Do you know why she likes the pianist? Because he has a way with his fingers.
If I had a penny for every girl that called me ugly, I would still be ugly.
Excuse me miss, you got a little bit of face on your make-up there.
The inventor of the anagram has died, may he 'erect a penis.'
MAKE UP....because women know men deserve better.
When asked for the time, people should watch what they say.
Chameleons are supposed to blend well, but I think it's ruined this smoothie.
Recommendation: Confirm your suspicions to Expose any cheating spouse
There are 10 kinds of people: those who 'get' binary, and those who don't.
Parachute fail
So what's the difference between a Norwegian and a canoe?
I remember when I had that first awkward talk about sex with my father and I asked him "Dad, what do you want to know?"
American Humour is a Joke
I was taking a shit behind kmart when I thought "why didn't i just leave it where it was?"
Being proud of being a child fiddler is a very age sensitive thing.
If you are scared of Pedophiles  grow up
Recommendation: Confirm your suspicions to Expose any cheating spouse with proof only
You know you are ugly when people suddenly start telling you that you look good when you are wearing an N95 mask.
A bed is like a charger for people.
You know you are ugly when people suddenly start telling you that you look when you are wearing an N95 mask.
A case to store Your underwear in is a briefcase.
"You give a poor man a fish, you feed him for a day. You give a poor man a poisoned fish, you feed him for the rest of his life"
2 wongs don't make a white.
Raw bananas are not appealing.
I used to be scared of speed bumps but Im slowly getting over them
I got chicken pox AGAIN?? exclaimed Timmy as he stared into the mirror at his *re-flecked chin*
My wife was carrying clean laundry back to the bedroom when she tripped. She said, Did you see that? I said, Yeah, I saw the whole thing unfold.
Superglue can also be used for cleaning your computer keyboarddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
With Christmas around the corner, now is a good time to tell the kids Santa died from Covid.
Ive recently discovered Im terrified of elevators, so Im taking steps to avoid them.
Call out narcissists, its fun to watch them choke as they swallow their pride
If a doctor steals your kidneys, you can't get pissed off at him
Once I got really frustrated during my math test, but then I crushed it.
My dog broke my mirror and now I got forty-nine years bad luck.
I just realized the closest Ill ever get to working in a pit crew is trying to get air in all 4 tires before I have to put another dollar in
Spoiler Alert: I just invented an app that warns you when the milk has gone bad.
If you turn on a computer, does that make it hardware?
Being a professional elevator operator has its ups and downs.
I'm selling my broken Limbo dancing equipment. 10, won't go any lower.
If you're trying to find a highly recommended auto repair specialist, I'd suggest avoiding Popular Mechanics.
If you're trying to find a highly recommended auto repair specialist, I don't suggest searching through Popular Mechanics.
You were my cup of tea, but I drink champagne now
I only found out my Girlfriend was a cat person when I caught her shitting in my garden.
If you're trying to find an auto repair expert, I don't recommend browsing Popular Mechanics.
My friend said I have more issues than People magazine
I had the clap so bad once my doctor said it was more of an applause
You're about as useful as a transparent glory hole.
Piano is one of the hardest instruments to pick up.
BioNTech's COVID-19 vaccine may not be the cure, but it's worth a shot 
Having a vasectomy doesn't prevent pregnancy, it just changes the color of the baby.
I used to be so confused about everything but now I'm not sure.
I am NOT in denial!
My drinkings under control, I can't even remember the last time I blacked out drunk.
Origami finals will be available for watching live tomorrow on paperview
Whenever I get a stack of resumes I immediately throw half of them in the garbage. I dont want unlucky people working in our department.
I try to be self-deprecating, I'm just not very good at it.
You think fish get thirsty?
That guy has so much money even his name is Rich
What did 8 and 9 say to the people beside them after 17's performance?
My rope is loose more often than knot.
When ISIS members need help they go to their terrorpist.
I take comfort in knowing that after the inevitable extinction of the human race, Keith Richards and Betty White will still be around to repopulate the Earth.
Here's an important message for the mind-readers out there.
Did you know David Hasslehoff changed his name second name to Hoff. He couldnt be bothered with the Hassle anymore.
Did you David Hasslehoff change his name second name to Hoff. He couldnt be bothered with the Hassle anymore.
I can't drive in reverse, it's backwards to me.
Biden says, Melania can stay in the White House.
When she tied me to the bed the last time, she didn't quite tie me tight enough. So when she wanted to do it again, I told her: better knot.
If my lip reading is accurate, my neighbors are discussing the creepy guy with the binoculars next door.
I quit reading that Braille book because something frightening was about to happen, I could feel it.
There are only two words in the dictionary
I had to stop reading the book I was reading in Braille. Something bad was about to happen, I could feel it.
If they didn't want theatrics, they shouldn't have asked the Magician to appear in court.
A weiser walks into a bar and says: "I'll start with a Bud"
Man in boxer shorts leads police on a brief chase.
"Clap for our NHS?" Don't you think they have enough on their plate without having to deal with an STD too.
I am old enough to remember when the truth wasn't a conspiracy.
People with stutters dont really stutter. They speak in remix.
Expose any cheating partner with proof only
No battery
It's a good thing I don't have to live with the fact that I'm not immortal.
When someone close to you dies, move seats.
The person who invented anti itch cream must've started from scratch.
My daughters fall asleep to white noise, so in the evenings we turn on speeches by Hitler.
Two Chemicals
I dug a pit in my garden and filled it with donkeys....It's an ass hole.
I continued reading Stephen King's novel to my frightened kids, otherwise, I'd never hear the end of It.
Accidentally spilt some tomato sauce in my eye. In Heinz sight it was a mistake
What type of mustache does a man have who eats ass? A Pu Manchu
I've got 99 problems, and obsessive counting is one.
Talk is cheap but you might actually owe me money.
I don't know why more fascist dictators aren't voted out of power.
Why does it take Nurses so many years to learn how to rhyme?
Shouldnt it be a prerequisite for all investors to pass a red-green colourblind test?
What do you call a person who thinks his house is haunted?
The concept of absolute truth is not an absolute truth.
I married my wife for her looks, just not the ones shes been giving me lately.
Your in the wrong place if your looking for jokes. I have another suggestion, just look in the mirror
I knew he owned some property. But I didnt know Trump held so much real estate in peoples minds
The inmate escaping down the prison wall was really condescending.
you know you are bored as hell when you reach the meme you saw again on reddit
If you are flying a 747 in microsoft Flight Simulator and your ping reaches 999 do you begin to experience jet lag?
I'm glad Alex Trebek passed peacefully. His life had been in Jeopardy for 36 years.
Who's this Michel and why is he in tires?
Im always taken back when I put my car in reverse.
Without Amazon, the entire echo-system would fall apart.
Donald Trump wins State of Denial.
Expose any cheating partner with proof only
Revolving doors are revolutionary.
Having a big nose is no excuse for not wearing a mask. I still wear underwear.
Never treat a lady like an object, it hates that.
I wonder if the arachnophobia support group has a web site.
I completely misunderstood what a gender reveal party was by showing up without pants.
I urinated out of my apartment window last night... Neighbors were pissed
I went to church and signed up for a missionary position... Because I'm a huge pervert
Capitalism is exploitation of man by man, communism is the inverse
By losing this election, Trump is finally fulfilling his campaign promise to make America great again.
When my German friend hit me in the arm, I screamed "OUCH... witz!"
How DARE you accuse me of righteous indignation!
I bet you the next thing Trump does is apply for a tax refund.
Whoever decided to call them Dentures, really missed the opportunity to use the word 'Substitooths.'
Someone had to explain to Trump that Pittsburgh Steelers are a football team.
My favourite part of elections is seeing the loser get trumped.
Donald Trump got the full 2020 experience ... COVID &amp; unemployment.
Trump won't concede cause he can't bend the knee
Trump won't concede cause he can't bend the knee
When Trump loses and fulfils his promise of leaving the country, anywhere he goes hell be an immigrant...
Trump found harder to get rid of tiktok than covid-19
Who would have thought that 2 guys in their 70's could maintain an election for so long !!
I'm going to open up a store that only sells viral videos, and I'm going to call it H.I.Videos
Tell someone you love them today because life is short but scream it at them in German because life is also scary and confusing.
America might be the only country that gets happy when they are turning blue.
Apparently it's frowned upon to urinate in the shower..at Home Depot
Iamonthemoonandthereisnowheretogetabeerthereisnospacebar
Can we get a petition to get Georgia changed to Joergia?
Does the Michelin Man get dressed in evening a tire?
I have no reservations staying in hotels these days.
5 years ago I wrote a Benjamin Button joke and looking back it's aged pretty well.
What did 50 do when he got hungry
While waiting for the US election to be decided I guess we'll all just be Biden our time
I have a lot of exes cuz I cheated on my exams
I wish everyone would shut their fucking dogs up, so I can hear the fireworks.
If you watch Cinderella backwards, it's about a woman learning her place.
I make 6 figures and not one is a father.
I tried telling my wife how to properly make a Spanish dessert and she accused me of flansplaining.
If you find me offensive, then I suggest you quit fucking finding me
Do you ever stop think and forget to start?
Diet day 3: Crying, just so I can taste salt .
Without giving too much away, it sort of feels like I voted Al Bundy for president just now.
Up until a week ago I had no idea what the word 'Armageddon' meant, but that's not the end of the world.
Anybody know what time the series finale of USA starts?
Told my wife I was going to the poles on my lunch break today because I need a break from politics
I learn from the mistakes of others who have taken my advice.
I tried to tell a joke about apartments but it fell flat
If you stink up someone elses bathroom, youre an asshole.
I hope Jesus comes back and really wants Chick-fil-A on a Sunday.
teen romance advice: hippo zits detract
"In these unpresidented times..."
I think the reason we vote is to find out whether the polls were right!!
Theres a new stone in the next Pokmon game that instantly evolves Eevee into a ghost type, its called a Brick
Fishing is a jerk at one end of the line waiting for a jerk at the other end of the line
Iamonthemoonandthereisnowheretogetabeerbecausethereisnospacebar.
With great power comes a huge electric bill.
You should take everything I say with a pinch of salt..... Tequila?
_______
The sex has been non-stop since I started working at the mortuary.
Never is a word which should never be used.
I never liked my job as a film developer because I was always focused on the negative.
Being a portrait photographer, my father really wasn't in the picture much when I was growing up.
When the red rivers runnin'
I bet the first thing you learn as a radio salesman is stereotypes.
My Jewish friend is so mean, that he gets himself tasered by the police, to try and charge his fucking IPhone.
I recently learnt the Welsh word for 'push' is 'lluq'. I saw it written on a Glass Door.
Every novel is a mystery novel if you never finish it.
She's Jesse's Mom, but she used to be mine
I met my wife on a dating app - boy was she pissed to find me there!
Mosquitos suck
The Tempur-pedic mattress company just came out with a line of mammary foam breast implants.
LARPing
Geordies are terrible at finishing synonyms like...
Daylight saving time is the Electoral College vote of seasonal irrelevance in our modern age.
There's no better karate instructor than a spiderweb on your face.
Wear glasses and a mask....you might be entitled to condensation.
I call people i know for years acquaintances and they laugh like i'm kiddin
The "toilet paper crisis" has made me realise that there's a lot more ass holes in America than I originally thought.
I love it when we turn the clocks back, one extra hour of not being able to sleep.
Bruh is not the same as bro, it's a whole different emotion
Istg kids born in 2010s acting all mature and tryna act smart in front of me I feel slapping them hard
I put the fun in funeral by putting the d in dead person
Similies be like
You think you know true terror?
Sean Connery, Rest in Peashhh!
A foolish man complains about a whole in his pocket, a wise man uses it to scratch his balls.
Oh Oh Heaven
I identify as Michael Jackson, so my pronouns are "he/hee".
I don't get why people drink cordial, I find it way too strong
I tried becoming a discreet traveling butt plug salesman; no one would let me in the back door.
The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the ability to reach it.
People like to say RIP when they hear that someone has passed, because people shit themselves with they die.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
In politics, the ability to lie is not a lie ability.
People who get an abortion don't come prepared.
I know a lady that everyone calls Miss Nomer but thats probably the wrong name.
My indifference to everything is really starting to not bother me.
I created a new word today
Will glass coffins be popular in the future? Remains to be seen
would the child of a vampire and a werewolf be a bloodhound?
I saw a girl in the distance, she had horizon on me.
Fed Ex and UPS have announced a merger, forming a new company called Fed Up
The names dead. Sean Connery's dead.
I'm a shy cute pebble, who wishes to be a little boulder.
What happened to chuck e cheese? I know. He pitched ratatouille a menu idea and ratatouille murdered him.
The secret of looking younger, is telling people that you're older.
my dad walked in on me jacking off to pay per view porn on a stolen dish for free when i was 4 years old
Shout Out to everyone who doesn't know the opposite of In.
The list is long, but my 2 favorite gay Irishmen are Patrick Fitzhenry and Henry Fitzpatrick.
If anyone asks me if I missed them, I say "Yes, but my aim is getting better."
NASA recently announced that the moon is wet. I guess waving my cock at it every night seems to be working.
Having sex is like doing fractions... it's just improper, if the larger one is on top.
Four sum reeson, I ave never yet wone a gaim of skrabel.
How do you expect me to be faithful, when I can't even jerk off to the same porno twice.
I don't miss calls, I stare at them.
One of life's most terrifying experiences, seeing a police car do a U turn behind you.
Halloween might just be the second scariest night this week.
I had thought that improving my personal hygiene by showering daily would be appreciated by the ladies; but apparently this sentiment only applies OUTSIDE the women's locker room at the gym.
Shout out to those who don't know the opposite of in.
People are dying now that have never died before.
Shit, guys! Im just being fcesish
Nice knife Attack
I am not caucasian, am just a cocky Asian!
Hardest part of making skimmed milk must be throwing the cows across the lake
Statistics shows that 100% of all non-smokers will die.
Due to current circumstances Finland has closed it's borders and now no-one can cross Finish line.
Due to current circumstances Finland gas closed it's border and now no-one can cross Finish line.
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
Had a terrible start to my day, ran over 3 geese....it's given me goosebumps.
I've developed a new, healthier donut... it has half the fat and half the calories of a donut twice its size.
Puns about sodomy is just sexual in your endo.
I'm starting to fear that people are calling me paranoid behind my back
Pump kin is how rednecks celebrate Halloween.
I used to breed rabbits. Then I realized they can handle it themselves.
Its odd how finger puppets is only normal as a noun.
The moon is wet...Giggity
My mother is currently in the hospital with Covid-19 and her condition is just like her. Very critical.
I used to have a job as a lifeguard until that blue boy got me fired
Being the President of Buffalo's NFL team is a tough job...
I want to start a hide and seek club but good members are hard to find.
I'm not very good at push-ups or pull-ups, but when it comes to fuck ups....
Correct me if I am wrong, but shouldn't 'self checkout' at a store have mirrors behind the register?
My buddy tells me that he cries after sex. I told him that it's his fault that he's in prison to begin with.
The decision to ban mirrors comes after a lot of reflection.
Smashmouth never did give that guy some spare change for gas
A lot of people think that a vasectomy keeps you from getting your wife pregnant, it just changes the color of the baby.
I think we're in for a bad spell of wether.
French bread be like
Did the Backstreet Boys ever find out why ?
Give her a wet willy while having sex. It's only fair since she gave you one.
Dairiaeha is such a funny word they had to make it impossible to spell.
I had to take a drug test at work and it came out negative. My dealer's got some explaining to do.
I hope Jehova's Witnesses discover Google Maps soon so they'll stop asking me if I've found the path to Jesus.
I once saw a sheep poledancing... in a kebab shop.
My girlfriend says shes a germaphobe. Didnt know she was a racist- Germans are people too...
I'm as bored as an Amish electrician.
I never sign anything official, without pretending to read it first.
Biden: I went to a petting zoo today
Whoever decided to call them Dentures, really missed the opportunity to use the word, Substitooths.
Will glass coffins be a success, remains to be seen.
Finding a mask in your pocket is the new equivalent of finding $10.
I'm not high, I'm on caffeine.
I would tell you what edible glue tastes like but, my lips are sealed.
If i could only remember what I did yesterday, I would quit making the same mistakes.
My desire to stay well informed is at odds with my desire to stay sane.
Remember kids, yellow snow tastes like lemonade.
Expose any cheating partner with proof only
Having Jeffrey Dahmer as a dad was tough. My bath toys were carrots and onions
At the grocery store, I give to charity like I give to strippers, $1 at a time
I feel confident with a face full of pimples because they just make my skin pop
11:59 am and 11:59 pm are easier to understand than 12 am and 12 pm
My temp job is over this week, and I've got to say: it's been funds while it lasted.
Looks like Trump is quite a bit behind in the poles, but he's still counting on his core supporters for a last minute Heil Mary.
I've always loved the outdoors, but fire exits are my favourite.
Knowing how to pick locks has really opened a lot of doors for me.
I hate shower sex. The drain hurts my dick.
Wanna know what makes me smile?
I used to be a D.J. at Stonehenge, but I no longer mix in those circles.
Lets all hope lemmy found a microphone the right size for the great gig in the sky!
I have a love-hate relationship with hyphenated phrases
Hillary Clinton called the suicide hotline and tried to place an order.
I was once falsely accused of date rape, she lied it wasn't a date.
I put the master in masturbation, and that's why I lost the spelling bee.
Opinions are like assholes, of you show yours off people are bound to avoid you.
If anyone wants to talk to me about my fear of locks my door is always open.
Heading to the WORLDS TALLEST COW COMPETITION this weekend...... We hear The steaks are extraordinarily High!
Worlds Tallest Cow Competition!
I never want to get turned on because I have a body-image problem where I think my dick looks to big &amp; fat and I constantly try to get it to be smaller &amp; smaller. I'm afraid I'm suffering from anerectia.
I've stopped greeting my neighbors: they're too 'hi!' maintenance.
I truly believe in love at first sight, but science calls it an erection .
My Optometrist's jokes are getting cornea everytime I see him
My sister has ADHD....But to be honest, I can't tell the difference between that and normal t.v.
__________________________________________
What if slugs are just snails that have been through a divorce and the partner got the house?
The word Paronomasia is so punny!
Don't think of them as "the Dead" - they're just people who suffer from resurectile dysfunction.
Everybody wearing masks at Walmart like it's no big deal, but suddenly I'm the weirdo for adding tights and a cape.
Out of all the lies I've told, "just kidding" is my favourite.
I've got an appointment with my psychic next week....but she's just phoned me to say that I can't make it.
79% of all accidents happens in the home.....Finally good news for the homeless.
Why doesn't r/guns carry a trigger warning?
Procrastination is a way of life
Ghosts make a horrible audience. All they say is boo!
Planning meals in advance lately, has given me food forethought.
I collect records....it's my decision and that's vinyl.
When you teach a wolf to meditate...he becomes aware wolf.
Being incontinent is a real pisser.
When in doubt, mumble
I used to think drinking was bad for me, so I gave up thinking.
I had my patience tested this morning.....Came up negative.
So the Great Clown Pagliacci walks into a doctor's office...wait...shit.
If you divide the circumference of a pumpkin by it's diameter, you get pumpkin Pi.
I remember when Halloween was the scariest night of the year..... Now it's election night.
The best thing about playing among us in real life is you can be the imposter whenever you want.
A dad joke becomes apparent when it's full groan.
My life is unbearable, because I don't see many bears.
My friend has just changed all the windows in his house, before realising he had a crack in his spectacles
I love gardening, from my head..... tomatoes.
Last night I dreamt that I had insomnia, I'm so glad I eventually woke up so I could get some sleep
I am friends with 25 alphabets. I don't know why
You should drink pineapple juice, OJ will kill you.
I'm staying up on New Year's Eve not to see the new year in, but to ensure this one leaves.
Having some areas in lock down and others not in lock down is like having a pissing section in a swimming pool.
was it me the only one who thought the Bounty bar chocolates were toooo coconutty
I had phone sex without protection now Ive got hearing AIDS.
The person who discovered that alcohol can get you drunk must have been pissed
Toll booths are nothing but Bill Gates.
I tried calling the tinnitus helpline the other day, but it just kept ringing.
I was worried about his actions so I told Mark my words!
There was never any lockdown. There was just upper middle-class people being paid to hide at home by the government while working-class people brought them things.
I'm sick and tired of all these terrible pick up lines that women use in pubs and clubs, like "What's your friends name?"
What if a womans coochie growled like a stomach when it was horny?
Bad puns....that's how eye roll.
Please reverse carefully - ylluferac
Imagine if bees ran, instead of flying, at the same speed as they fly
My computer crashed and now all the other computers are slowing down to see what happened.
If two vegans get into an argument is it still considered beef
If two vegans get into an argument is it still considered beef
Rats are underrated, according to the dictionary.
Rats are Underrated, according to the dictionary.
I recall them telling me I have the memory of an elephant and the ass of a goldfish.
I just masturbated under the sheet...I hope the barber didn't notice?
Be safety conscious! 80% of people are caused by accidents.
Jehovahs witnesses advent calendar.
Expose any cheating partner with proof only
The chances of me losing my extra weight are very slim
Wearing a mask when you go into a restaurant, just to take it off when you sit down, is like having a pissing section in a swimming pool.
Whenever I meet women, I immediately start talking about Global Warming.....its a real ice breaker.
Before I criticise a man I like to walk a mile in his shoes, this way Im a mile away and I have his shoes.
The leading cause of injury in guys my age is thinking that we're still young.
I can think of loads of benefits to being unemployed.
I've never been sky diving, but I've zoomed in on Google Earth, really fast.
Great behinds stink alike
Am watching my neighbour through the blinds...He's so creepy.
If I had to describe myself in 3 words, "Not very good at maths."
The amount of unqualified candidates in this election is unpresidented
My dad put blood, sweat and tears into every endeavor which is why his restaurant failed.
Good Morning America, what are you going to be offended by today?
The last time I was inside a woman, I was visiting the Statue of Liberty.
If you tell a Broadway actor to break a leg before he goes on stage, he'll really do a number on it.
Shes always late to her hair washing appointments and wonders why everyone thinks shes flaky.
Several of my posts were removed because they could cause a fence.
I like Freudian slips as much as the next gay.
If a pig loses its voice, is it disgruntled?
I had to take a second job working in the bakery.... I knead the dough.
Never realised until today that Karl Marx's sister Onya invented the starters pistol.
My mother said that I was a happy accident, which makes me believe that Bob Ross is my real dad.
After rapper 50 Cent announced he is voting for Trump, he immediately became The 1 Percent.
I'm writing a book about hurricanes and tornadoes....it's only a draft at the moment.
CLOWNS WANTED...must be able to work funny hours.
I was gonna tell a time traveling joke but you guys didnt like it
Dr. Frankenstein was the first bodybuilder
If you didn't want us to move in together.... you never should have left the windows open.
Did you see the new movie about the hot dog....It was a Oscar weiner.
Quick.. think of a color between 1 and 10
A Roman walks into a bar, holds up two fingers and says, Ill have five beers please.
I gave my girlfriend a bouquet of flowers but her angry father deflowered her.
Universal remotes are false advertising.
Do the French write "Please Reply" on their invitations?
I can't believe my dog's never done it human-style.
I, for one, like Roman Numerals
I, for one, sure like Roman Numerals
Whatd the farmer say when he accidentally squashed his pumpkin? Oh my gord.
My 'son' recently came out as a transexual. so, we did the only reasonable thing we could. We abandoned him.
America
Your stomach things all potatoes are mashed.
After all the stupid things I've done in my life....If I die because I touched my face.....I'm gonna be pissed.
We used to have empires run by emperors and kingdoms run by kings... Now we have countries.
Alcohol IS a solution.
When I mentioned to my wife of 20 years that she hadn't said I love you to me, for a while, she said I told you the day we got married that I love you and I will let you know if anything changes.
They really love me in the Mycology department cause I'm a fungi.
Erasers are slowly sacrificing their lives for your mistakes.
Babies are like opinions, nobody wants to hear yours.
Statistics are like bikinis....What they reveal is suggestive, but what they conceal is vital.
Lifes a bitch, so if its easy youre doing it wrong.
I think my girlfriend wants out of our relationship. She keeps saying things like "please untie me" and "I won't say anything. I swear!"
It's only responsible to predate someone before dating them.
Composers are unsung heroes of the music world.
I am Thor... But you should thee the other guy
A pumpkin is just a watermelon with down syndrome.
Did you know if you hold your ear up to a strangers leg, you can actually hear them say, What the hell are you doing?
I used to think that Taco Bell was Tinkerbell's fat cousin.
An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind, but no eye for an eye makes you blind and defenseless.
I lost my job as a stage manager...I left without making a scene.
I have a chicken proof lawn...It's impeccable.
I ordered a brass but unfortunately a copper showed up at my front door
My neighbour shouted "go put your wellies on sheep shagger!"... Shocking! I've never worn wellies in my life.
I just watched a video on "how to give the most intense foreplay"...it was a good watch, but I had to fast-forward through all the boring shit at the start
I dont trust rugs, because they always lie.
My communist friend bought a sand-clock, or as he likes to call it, an our-glass.
To be environmentally friendly I decided to use lettuce instead of toilet paper and today was just the tip of the iceberg.
Halloween really is the perfect time to get rid of all those Taco Bell hot sauce packets.
For a song about the piano man, the harmonica man won't shut up.
My doctor prescribed me a nasal steroid and now everything has a strong smell.
The downside of being a bomb disposal technician is that it takes 6 hours to open Christmas gifts.
I got a job at Comcast and completed training so I could fix my own cable because it was faster than being on hold with customer service.
I was so lost at sea that I couldn't even find the water as I kept looking around for it from my easy chair in my living room while lazily watching tv
It's handy to have a man with a van, it's even handier to have a woman with an oven.
I want to now be happy about what I did last week but next week not be happy about what I do now.
Im not sure why people are so worried that we might create self aware robots. We barely have any self aware humans.
My first day as a personal trainer and an alcoholic wants a six pack... I'm confused!!
Police were called to a daycare when a 3 year old was resisting a rest.
When he rose from his chair to shake my hand, I knew he was a stand-up kind of guy.
Sometimes God sends your Ex back into your life to test your stupidity.
Guys, start priming your kids to accept that Santa won't be able to visit this Christmas, due to lockdown measures.
My grandma is 96 years old and still doesn't use glasses...She drinks straight from the bottle.
If anyone wants to sponsor me, Im doing a 0.00005k run....to raise awareness of laziness.
Each time a schedule is released, thats agenda reveal.
Germane Greer never gets as angry as her sister....Anne.
People have become so ornery - there aren't many wonliners left!
Just because I believe anyone who isn't white is a sub-human doesn't make me a racist
I think every quilt is better than every duvet but maybe thats just a blanket statement.
"You look good enough to eat" would probably seem less flattering coming from Jeffrey Dahmer.
Megan Markle walks into the library... She asks for a book about herself.
The UK's lockdown policy- it was bound to end in tiers.
I don't recommend getting stoned in Iraq.
Id tell you a caveman joke but youd have to be stoned.
I just came to the realization that Ive got this weird fetish for figuring things out.
Ladies, never argue with a man who drinks Bud Light. Rather talk to him woman to woman.
A will is a dead giveaway.
Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like a banana!
When I something terrible happened I always say its bull, the china shop was probably not the best place to say that.
"Poetry does not boost sales", according to an adverse report.
Doesn't matter how long I cook a steak it will always end up meaty yum.
Write your ex's name backwards... Mine is Tnuc.
A tyre knocked on the door of another tyre and asked, "Is Mitchell in?"
High alcohol taxes really put a damper on the spirit
I thought it was strange when my client asked for a short back and sides with a number two on top, it was all going well until I shit on his head.
Expose any cheating partner with proof only
Women have the strange ability to get wet without water, bleed without injury and make boneless things hard.
An apple pie without cheese is like a hug without a squeeze!
my dream job is to work on a factory conveyor belt that brings me to the cashier who asks why I am trying to buy a dog at the hardware store that suddenly becomes my bathroom full of broken porcelain - then I have to pee.
I've been told that I shouldn't flip over tables every time things don't go the way I want; that it's not appropriate behavior for a surgeon.
When a short person waves at you, is it considered a microwave?
Did you know that 70% of married men cannot fall asleep after sex, because they still have to drive home.
When it comes right down to it, dudes who can auto-fellate really have their heads together.
I've been ill since having a Chinese meal last night. I knew it was Coronavirus, straight off the Bat.
"I'm this ugly because of you guys" is very important when arguing with your parents.
The guy that discovered Milk.... What exactly was he doing?
The actors performed on a stage that was covered in letters, so I guess it was a play on words.
How do you expose your dirty business without exposing yourself? Take the covers and run
I tried to shoplift a strap on dildo but the security guard had me pegged immediately.
Ever had sex so good, you think "Ah! Fuck it, one kid won't hurt."
"That horrible moment when the bed makes more noise than the lady"
If dolphins slept in sleeping bags, then they'd be for all in tents and porpoises.
I was thinking about how people read the Bible a whole lot more when they get older. Then it dawned on me they were cramming for their finals
(offensive) How many people does it take to start a protest?
It's got to be frustrating being a supervillain that can't even masturbate in case of fatality...I feel sorry for Deathstroke
This weekend we saw a painting of a topless mermaid when my 6 year old said look daddy its areola.
I aspire to be so free of ego that one day people will refer to me as "His Holiness.
Some sick bastard put my wife in a wheelchair.....PLEASE.
My grandma is very cheap....When she dies, she'll probably walk towards the light and turn it off.
VIAGRA...It won't make you James Bond, but it will make you Roger Moore.
MARRIAGE....(When dating goes too far.)
My wife bought me the book Kama Sutra....well, its put me in an awkward position.
Everyone one of us has kicked a pregnant lady atleast once in our lives!!
My brother-in-law introduces himself as Stephen with a PH and I think that's because he's slightly acidic.
My grandfather once asked me to spell schadenfreude and I couldn't but he's dead now so I win.
180 degree angle
Baby squids should be called Inklings
when youre the CEO of a toilet factory, you have to take shit seriously.
I mustache you a question, but its a little beard so Ill shave it for later.
Life is a lot like a penis....Short, if you're Chinese.
I've never been married, but I've had a few near Mrs.
My half brother is 6ft 3...Just imagine if he was a full brother?
PENICILLIN...for the woman who has everything.
I love Jesus...He's born, I get presents....He dies, I get chocolates.
If you are married with children and a dog and you have no idea where anyone is in the house just go and sit on the toilet and try to have a peaceful bowel movement...
Wouldn't it be horrific if yawning was as contagious as farting?
Have you ever seen an overweight Gregorian Monk? Fat chants.
Id rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy
I remember my first crush.....It was orange.
How to trick a blonde: (Click here for more)
When asked, "who your favourite child is?" apparently, you're supposed to pick one of your own.
If you were anymore inbread you would be a sandwich
Is it true that "an apple a day keeps the doctor away?", or is it one of Granny's myths .
When a clock is hungry it goes back four seconds.
I tapped a plumber. He siad it's a bad tap, let m fix that for you.
People who sell parachutes have never had bad reviews
My phone has better health insurance than I do.
Someone who studies Adams Apples should be called a GuyNeckologist.
Magic Johnson wasted the world's best porn name on a basketball career.
HELP!!! I've got some food stuck in my throat...Ha!! Only choking.
Can't wait to see the new film 'Caravan Park', the trailers looks amazing.
Donald Trump is a jackass of all trades.
dumbest thing I did as a child was wish to be an adult.
Reclines chair....Aaaah, this takes me back.
I had to use a hammer to break up the ice because the knife wasnt cuttin it.
The ceiling might not be my favourite part of the room, but it's up there.
A termite walks into a bar and asks: "Is the bar tender here?"
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
My local Octoberfest was cancelled for being too Germanfested.
Every 60 seconds a guy named Ben shows up like its been a minute.
She's fuckin' great; she's great fucking!
A 10 year old catholic preacher can't be a pedo
Hyperbole makes me want to die.
My girlfriend liked the idea of my fantasy of having two women at the same time, then she got upset when I said that she wasn't either of them.
My girlfriend said I had to do more than just drink beer all the time, so I added chips and cheese dip to the mix.
I have a dull ache in my scrotum and it's making me feel a little testy.
Pedophilia is child's play
something is bad, and stinking makes it so.
I have short term memory problems and problems with my short term memory.
I'm surprised that Trump hasn't used The Wall, by Pink Floyd as his Presidental campaign music.
Did you know that Trump only has 2 moods....Pissed off and Pissed on.
When I was older, I used to love playing around with time machines.
One time I exaggerated so hard, I died.
I almost had a psychic girlfriend, she left me before we met.
I heard Mike Tyson is a fairly religious guy. He punches people in the faith.
Thank god for productive text.
Would an amputee have any luck at a second hand store?
There's nothing wrong with perfectionism.
If you're choking on ice.....Just wait.
Did Juno about the probe orbiting Jupiter?
I am the loneliest person I know
I was told to embrace change, but I'd rather embrace dollars.
I wonder whether there are bars for lesbians at clown colleges and, if not, just what those students would do for a Clown Dyke Bar.
1LucyLu
Expose any cheating partner with proof only
Heavy is the head that wears the Corona.
Pretty sure I have ADD because I took the online test and couldnt finish it.
I think I have hypochondria, but then again I would think that wouldnt I?
The only way to get ahead is to decapitate someone
Kalimantan. That's where I was Borneo
I tried dating a dyke once until I realized that it was just an inanimate mound of soil.
Jesus didn't die a virgin, he was nailed once.
Jokes about eyes are getting cornea and cornea.
Turn a regular sofa into a sofa bed, just by forgetting your wife's birthday.
To all you coloured guys complaining about being treated unfairly due to the colour of your skin.....LIGHTEN UP.
I have the body of a porn star....All my clothes says XXX
Im tired of sleeping
I would do so much better in life if I do "Cardi o" instead of watching Cardi B!
Maybe all Hitler wanted, was a high five
Hoarders are the best at recycling. They dont even have a trash can.
Join the army from the opposite side of the battlefield
Boobs prevent life from being formulaic.
The show "How I Met Your Mother" was just a really long TED talk
I just wanna thank the universe for always being there.
I'm going to start a movement... As soon as I sit down on the toilet
The woman of my dreams keeps complaining that I only see her when Im asleep.
I think my car is having an identity crisis, when I open the door it says door ajar, when its clearly a door
I'm only skeptical of things that aren't true
I hope Kamala will dis-Pense with the formalities and get right to the issues.
Does anyone know if you're allowed to have a shower yet, or do we keep washing our hands ?
My wife hates it when I introduce her as my ex girlfriend.
Seven and eleven has the word 'even' within it....I find that odd.
2 silk worms had a race....they ended up in a tie.
I dropped my phone in the bath....Its syncing now.
Is it o.k. for me to start drinking as soon as the kids are at school, or am I just a terrible teacher?
Maybe it's just me, but I've never met a baby named Gary....Where the fuck are all the Gary's
Charmin ultra-hard: feels as though you're wiping your asshole with sandpaper.
'I haven't eaten in days' - Star Wing
What matters is not how many times you fall
If you're not impressed with the pictures of the Black hole, you clearly don't understand the gravity of the situation.
I love the way the Earth rotates...... It really makes my day.
Sleeping when I'm supposed to be sleeping, isn't nearly as good as sleeping, when I'm supposed to be awake.
My grief counsellor died recently but he was so good I couldn't give a shit
My grief counsellor died recently but he was so good I didn't give a shit
My grief councilor died recently but he was so good I didn't give a shit
For Christmas this year, all I am giving people is distance.
Fat people really are the biggest minority
As neglected as a 9 button on a microwave
I use potato batteries in my mouth to power my ass to get up and do things
I think my friends hate me...
I dropped my phone in the bath. It's syncing now.
And God said unto the racists, Eat not the fruit that grows on the bigo tree.
When Trump left Walter Reed, it was likely his first discharge since Stormy Daniels.
I'm not saying my wife is stupid, but she thinks Iran is a new treadmill machine by Apple.
I tend to always sleep better when I'm naked, I wish the people on the bus were more understanding though.
Do homeless people get "Knock Knock " jokes ?
I feel more like I do now than when I first came in.
Is that a hand sanitizer in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Ghost chillies go right through ya..
Is 'pussylips' one word, or should spread them apart ?
What does a blind gynaecologist do?
y = mx + b
y = mx + b
When people stopped waiting for me, I stopped wearing shoes with laces.
You might think all prokaryotes are boring since they're the oldest form of life, but only the Haloquadratum is actually a square.
I realized I'd been duped when I ran into my clone.
When I ran into my clone, I realized I'd been duped.
A couple of cheese factory workers laughed at me today, it wasn't very mature.
I never drink unless I'm alone or with somebody.
I fucking hate going out in public, especially when the public are there as well.
If you connect to your bluetooth device before you enter your vehicle... Could one say you have pre-paired for your journey
People say 'ICY' is the easiest thing to spell and looking at it now........... I see why.
As an astrophysicist I can assure you, black lives matter.
If you can't find the dog, just open the fridge door, he's standing right behind you.
I don't need to take the trash out.... I just tell it, I love it and its gone by the morning.
I hope the pubs open soon, I need to cut down on my drinking.
I bought a new vacuum cleaner the other day, that thing really sucks!
Contorsionists....
Riding a bike is like 9/11- you never forget.
Cross posted. Seemed right
People often say that make up sex is the best....personally, I prefer real sex.
Don't tell an atheist why there's no god. You're preaching to the choir.
I was robbed by guy dressed as the Tin Man....heartless bastard.
My innate ability to design kitchen worktops is counterintuitive.
Everyone hates lazy people even though they haven't done anything
I have a Gut feeling that I am Hungry.
I learn from the mistakes made by others who have taken my advice.
A lorry carrying 9 ball pool equipment has crashed on the freeway....Cues expected.
Let me write you
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? Theres no menu - you get what you deserve.
The man who survived pepper spray and mustard gas is now a seasoned veteran
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? Hes all right, for now...
Will glass coffins be a success? Remains to be seen....
Let's procrastinate like there is a tomorrow.
Let's procrastinate like there is tomorrow.
Oral sex makes your day but anal makes your hole weak.
i tripped in the music hall and now i have Bach pain.
I'm gonna try to avoid nonlinear storytelling from now on, but that was 2 years ago
Take a leaf out of my book and stop plagiarism!
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.
Yesterday I told a joke so dark, an American cop shot it dead.
What do you call a dead worm? A meat spaghetti.
Who knew even after having so much ice, Kashmir would still be such a sensitive region
Warning...Do not look at the sun through a colander, you will strain your eyes.
Meth jokes crack me up
What did the letter O say to the letter Q? Dude, your dick is hanging out.
People who boast about how good they are at yoga can go fuck themselves.
the republican party should use a hedgehog as their mascot. after all theyre just a bunch of pricks.
Never tried drugs before... but I have high expectations
No matter what world ending event happens, nukes asteroids or superaids, a bunch of people will say god made it happen
As a good guy I finish last with bad bitches...sexually.
I got my dog spayed so she would quit littering.
Together, I can beat multiple personality disorder
I lathe grammatical errors on my essays
During the great Reddit outage of 2020 I got to know my new neighbors... apparently they moved in eight years ago
I just had to throw away a whole packet of animal shaped biscuits.
My wife says she's going to leave me if i don't start supporting Trump.... I said "Biden"
I wouldn't say I never exercise.... occasionally my nose runs.
Some threw a huge bag of Sodium Chloride at me yesterday........ That's a salt.
Have you met the judge with no teeth....Justice Gumms.
I use live lampreys as condoms
"sharing is caring" is probably not the best way to ask for a threesome.
Cupid's arrow raises consent issues.
Hate is such a powerful emotion to waste on someone you don't even like.
I hate it when I go to the dentist and they accidentally fill the wrong cavity and I end up walking funny for a week.
I cant handle doorknobs
Unemployment jokes don't work
Women who say, "All men are the same"are either bitches or live in China.
I've just seen a one handed man shopping in a second hand store.
I've had it up to here with statements that make no sense without visual aid.
Donald Trump
The only Positive thing that came out of Trump is COVID!
we could get along like a dumpster on fire
Finally!!! Some POSITIVE news from the White House...
Sex and drugs killed my dad. He wasn't getting either, so he hung himself.
I just made a sex tape, but I guess 'Home Alone' is already taken.
My girlfriend introduced handcuffs into our sexual relationship... By calling the police and telling them "there's a stalker in my bedroom"
I thought Melania had been social distancing from Donald for several years?
Heres a joke for all you psychics out there...
I now know God exists because Trump has COVID.
I have a huge sex drive. It's what I save my porn on.
I'd personally like to thank the inventor of the mini skirt....My balls have never felt so free.
Alarm Clocks....because every morning should start with a heart attack.
People are making apocalypse jokes...like there's no tomorrow!!
If Melania passes away from COVID-19, does Ivanka automatically become FLOTUS?
I am off diaper duty, because I cant change others, only myself.
I'm such an old fart, back in my day it was spelled ye olde farte.
Prostate cancer, it's what kills you in the end.
My Dad always said you need to start young if you're going to stick it out
Note to self: Replacing her asthma inhaler with pepper spray...Not as funny as you might think .
So, I ordered a sex toy on line. It was so good, even the mail came.
Since getting married my only pastime is mourning sex.
I wrote a one liner with two lines.
Russian roulette is my favorite game
The brain is simple, the mind is not.
My father used to take me to the playground and put me on mood swings
Don't you just hate it when you go scuba diving, you're at 10 metres and you realise your dive master is a satanic devil worshipping racist.
No Pornhub, I don't want to meet interesting sluts nearby....I'm at work.
Proving that this community is unmoderated. Two lines.
Today, someone was killed with a starters pistol. Police believe it was race related.
I kissed her lips, she closed her legs, I broke my glasses.
I dump so much of my crap into my diary so Im thinking of calling it my diarrhoea.
Personally, I watch the ads for the Super Bowl.
Did you know Karl Marx's sister Onya invented the starting pistol.
To be a white supremacist you have to think white humans are better than space aliens
My wife hit me with a balled up Kleenex resulting in some minor soft tissue damage.
Well if that aint a raccoon calling a opossum a long nosed son of a bitch
Two midget lesbians that are in the closet is called a liquor cabinet.
You think they named the Black Plague before or after it killed 25 million people
Hands up if you like armed robbers.
College prepares you for real life right away. It puts you in debt.
I keep trying to find the sum of 4 an zero but things just dont seem to add up.
Contact Jack for any Hacking Deal (Proof Provided)
The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades.
The smallest amphibian in the world is......my newt.
Just walked in on grandma talking to an envelope....Her attempt to send a voicemail.
I'm not really interested in tobogganing, but I would probably do it if pushed.
The thought of oral sex leaves a funny taste in my mouth...
Abortion, unexpecting the expected
I went out with a girl last night who didn't swallow....Fucking soup everywhere.
If you think about it, you go through your whole life gathering guests for your funeral.
I woke up this morning feeling blue, then i started breathing again.
If 2020 was a drink, it'd be a colonoscopy prep.
Scientists have finally discovered exactly how much sleep a human needs.....Just 5 minutes more.
I was thinking about starting a opinion poll...What do you think?
Someone asked me how to celebrate erectile dysfunction day... It's not that hard.
Believe it or not but, a guillotine is still cutting edge technology.
I'd be a human supremacist if I didnt believe in aliens
"Lets make sure there's lots of water surrounding them....now let's make sure they can't drink it."- GOD
The life of an elevator is rather boring at times, but not without it's ups and downs.
Once a genie asked me if I would rather have a long penis or a good memory; I forgot what I had chosen.
My girlfriend called me immature... So I banned her from my pillow fort.
My girlfriend keeps telling me I have a superiority complex, but I'm too good to have one
As a wise man once said, "Don't quote me on this."
Maths is 40% natural ability and 70% hard work.
I saw a girl in the distance, she had horizon on me.
Bill Gates has agreed to pay for the completion of Trumps wall, as long as he can put Windows in it.
All of my passwords are protected by amnesia.
I found a testicle from a computer generated character. It must be symbolic
I'm terribly proud of my ballsack and love to show it off.....Some people think I'm egotesticle.
Mike Tyson is such a religious guy, he punches people in the faith.
Is it too optimistic to buy a 2021 calender ?
&gt;Enter new password ~ 'BaDum' &gt; Password must contain a cymbal ~ 'BaDumTsss'
The sperm clinic discharged me. What a relief.
I just figured out why erectile dysfunction is a thing...it really wasn't that hard
My friend couldn't afford to pay his huge water bill, so I sent him a "Get 'Well' Soon" card.
I stayed up all night trying to remember, the difference between insomnia and amnesia.
Here's a stolen sandwich. Take a bite out of crime.
My son 'Qwertyuiop' eventually forgave me when he realised how satisfying it is to type his own name.
Considering we can't tickle ourselves I'd say we got pretty fucking lucky with masturbation
Kid wanted to open a can with his toy sword but it was only hokey pokey
If people still need the voicemail announcement to tell them how to leave a message, I don't want to talk to them, anyway.
What is the preferred condiment to go with fish for a medieval conquering nation?
I like what plumbers wear, overall.
The best part of having an argument is the hot, angry sex afterwards. Obviously, the judge presiding over my court case disagrees.
Someone told me that i don't know how to shave properly..... Bloody cheek.
I orgasmed in the tub last night... My wife hates it when I call her that.
I wonder if Michael Jackson looks like he did in Thriller, yet ?
I was recently discharged by the fertility clinic. What a relief.
A psychiatrist told me that I have a split personality disorder and charged me $300. I paid her $150 and told her to get the rest from that other idiot.
My wife asked me to help her with her diet....So, I've hidden her teeth.
I don't struggle with anxiety, it comes to me naturally
A Buddhist walks up to a hot dog stand and says make me one with everything
Having sex is like doing fractions....its just improper, if the larger one is on top.
I never knew what a hassle it'd be to donate blood - so many nosey questions! - whose blood is it, why is it in a bucket, etc...
The surgeon asked me if I wanted anaesthetic during my operation tomorrow, I told him I'll sleep on it
The surgeon asked me if I wanted anaesthetic during my operation tomorrow, I told him I'll sleep on it
Trump has paid pornstar Stormy Daniels more money, than he has paid the Government in taxes.
My heroin was so black the police shot it on sight.
Man with authority walks into the bar and orders everyone a round.
When I die, I want to be cremated. I think I've urned it.
I was kidnapped by mimes while vacationing in Paris, they did unspeakable things to me
Proper lightening techniques in art can really capture the essence of thunder.
Can they call walks in wheelchair basketball?
It really sucks when your vacuum doesn't suck
Is it "ok" to be nice in the meantime?
Sometimes I wonder how cattle rearers deal with difficult situations.
Schrodinger tried to claim half the fire insurance money for his house cuz there was a coin flips chance that it would have burned
I'm so filthy rich, I paid more tax money than the president of the USA
DAY 317 Without sex : Went jogging in flip flops, just to remember the sound.
My escalator phobia leads me to to take steps to avoid them
Tequila won't fix your life but it's worth a shot.
Last night I dreamed I was an alternator and this morning I woke up with all of my batteries charged.
If Abraham Lincoln was alive today, he'd be desperately clawing the lid of his coffin.
You can make your water bed extra bouncy, by using spring water.
Police have warned that a man who held people hostage in a bowling alley, is likely to strike again.
Conversations in space tend to be vacuous.
life got a lot better
My friend was Vegan till I Meat her.
59/177 of people overcomplicate things.
The devil was in heaven then went down to georgia
Contact Jack for any Hacking Deal
I have a stepladder. I never knew my real ladder
If you snag a ram named "anagrams," that's some meta meat.
I lost everything in a house fire except a bet.
I always tell my kids to stay at school, but they keep coming back.
It doesn't matter how good the soap smells, don't come out of the toilets smelling your fingers.
My motto is, "If you can't beat them, what's the point of becoming a teacher?"
Gravestones are a thing of the passed.
Shooting up a building would take a lot of heroin
When you snort coke for the first time and swear off the stuff you have become known as a one liner.
A dyslexic man walks in to a bra...
Ghosts are starving everywhere except in the Southern U.S. because that's where the soul food is.
Like trump, I dont accept the election results and say that I won anyways, so we will have 2 presidents, him and me.
I don't need fun to have alcohol.
Some mistakes are to much fun to make only once.
Hold that pose, my camera is ringing.
I was made to walk the plank as a child, we couldn't afford a dog.
Success is like a fart....It only bothers people if it is not their own.
My neighbor wrote in his journal that I'm a nosey bastard. The nerve of some people.
I think my wife is bi polar. She's the size of 2 fucking bears.
Contact Jack for any Hacking Deal
Pick-pockets must really love anti-mask rallies, if everyone else is 6 feet apart, it is literally slim pickin's.
I have never and will never do a pun on erections......Touch Wood.
I know you're proud but when I said send nudes I didn't mean the xray of your fetus
When a cop reads you your rights it's your other rights you should be worried about
I'm trying to think of a weather pun, but my mind's kinda cloudy right now
The Russian covid-19 vaccine is completely safe, with with o side effects whatsoeve and I feelsh oosh  .
So, my erectile dysfunction support group was a flop.
I think it's unfair that I have to manage my anger, just because some people can't manage their stupidity.
I tried cooking with wine yesterday for the very first time...after 5 glasses I forgot why I was in the kitchen.
There must be an easier way to transport long poles over a canyon or between two tall buildings than walking across a tightrope carrying one at a time...
My buddy is so dumb, he couldn't pour piss out of a boot if the instructions were written on the bottom
I wish retail therapy was covered by my health insurance.
The phrase dominant hand implies the existence of a submissive hand.
Toothpicks are domesticated splinters.
The blood bank is really particular about spelling errors for a group always begging for typos.
Every time I go shopping, I either purchase lots of stuff or nothing at all...I think I am buy polar.
The first guy who heard a parrot talk was probably not ok for several days.
I just saw 9 homeless people giving each other flu shots under the overpass; What a caring community we live in!
"DEPORT EVERY ILLEGAL, EVERY LAST JUAN...." (Trump)
No matter where you're from, if you drink enough, European
No matter where you are from, if you drink enough, European
Anyone can become a tearable person when you put their picture on paper.
I hate it when I'm texting, I get rudely interrupted by a cyclist bouncing off my windscreen.
How about you sit on my lap and we talk about the first thing that pops up
I have to confess this but, I don't like sex with a big woman on top. Whew, I'm glad I got that off my chest.
I invented a new word today... Plagiarism
A girl I met last night told me her pussy tasted like a rainbow....found out she meant a trout, not Skittles.
I have a pet tree.....It's like a pet dog, but the bark is quieter.
I'm thinking about going on a vegetable diet but, I'm not sure about the wheelchairs.
Last night in bed my girlfriend told me I had to use protection, apparently knuckle dusters and a baseball bat was not what she had in mind.
I just ate Reese's Cups. He was pissed
It's sad to think that some baseball players feel that NFL cheerleaders are out of their league
For a Jewish carpenter, Jesus was well hung.
I had to break up with my bulimic girlfriend. She was making me sick.
Someone once randomly asked me too name two structures that hold water. Well damn
"Youre single, I'm single, you know what that means ? Nobody wants us."
Am returning your nose Dear, I found it in my business.
I've always wanted a swimmers body, so I go to the swimming pool everyday.....But no one ever dies.
What if global warming was just the result of the rapidly increasing number of super hot women populating our Planet? 
Tell me why you've taken a vow of silence.
I've told you a million times not to exaggerate.
Nothing in my life ever works out, so why should I ?
A well executed theft without leaving any fingerprints, is a stain-less steal.
I entered a masturbating competition today, hope I can pull it off.
I refuse to be obstinate.
Hear about the three blonds that walked into a bar? I figured the third one would have ducked.
If I had a $1 for every failed maths exam, I'd have $3.45.
Dead batteries are free of charge!
When you go the ear piercing shop, and your card gets declined, they put your ear meat back in.
Do you ever wonder if middle school PE teachers hang around major protests to collect the beanbags the police fire at protesters?
I entered a masturbating composition today, I hope I can pull it off.
How many skin divers does it take to circumcise a whale ?..................4
Told my wife, I was so stressed only a blow job would help. She asked where I was going to find a dick to suck at this time of night.
Many people write congrats because they don't know how to spell conglashulashions.
Today I got my first pubic hair, it was in my school lunch
Today I got my first pubic hair, it was in my school food
The better the vacuum, the more it sucks.
Chubby Checker was obsessed with his wifes weight.
Opinions on incest are relative.
And the best neckwear award goes to......Oh wait !!! It's a tie.
A local zoo just opened with just one dog in it. What a shih tzu!
The inventor of velcro died today..... RIP
Americans know the metric system. We measure our soda in liters (we spell it differently too) and also our bullet casings like the 9mm (millimeter)
I tried to have sex with a super model but, nuttin' happened.
"BORED DURING LOCKDOWN."..... Call a feminist group and ask for the man in charge.
The last time I was involved in sexual intercourse... I was a sperm.
Went out with a girl last night, who wouldn't swallow................fucking soup everywhere
How do you get a country girls attention? ......... A tractor.
My dog ate two Bibles this week... Holy shit.
A plumber's apprentice is being potty trained
Trump should sell jars of his own poop. He could make $billions. They loved his other bullshit
Just been attacked by a ginger kid doing martial arts....turns out he was the Carroty kid.
Just finished reading a book on cross English Channel swimming by Francis Near .
I used to be a dancer but now I'm a tailor in a chemist, which is a pharmasuitable job.
Rapes are fucking cases
Last night in bed, I was gazing up at the stars and thinking to myself, "Where the fuck is my roof ?"
Not all fat people are jolly, some are feminists.
Do deaf people think their farts are silent?
This dude walks up to me and says "hey bud I hear you did my ex-girlfriend, how's that pussy feel?" I just looked him right in the eyes and I said "well man after the first two inches that shit feels brand new"
I farted, she left. Gone with the wind
If it hurts when you pee, urine trouble.
Clownfish keep their friends close, but their anemones closer.
Your mom sucks dick for gas money, then takes the bus.
To all feminists and lesbians..... Cucumbers can also be used as a cool refreshing salad vegetable.
My flaccid penis is square shaped. When it becomes hard, it becomes an erectangle.
Chickens don't go to Church because they are Eggnostic.
I come from a family of magicians, I have 2 half sisters.
I guess the real treasure was the Seinfeld we made along the way
Parents put so much pressure on their kids, that they end up with crack
I just made a massive saving on my new pair of goaly gloves.
Expose any cheating partner with proof only
VIAGRA....It won't make you James Bond, but it would make you Roger Moore.
One time i exaggerated so much, I died.
Ill just leave this here
Lobotomy is the solution for all mental illness....It's a no brainer.
I really wish I knew who stole the jack from underneath my car....The suspension is killing me.
I've just donated $100 to LGBT group, I really hope it helps them find a cure.
An erection is a dick move.
The police asked me if I could identify the man from the lineup, so I looked at them one by one and said, "Yes, they're all men."
In America police dogs are K9, In China they are E10.
"Sorry, I already have a boyfriend"
Feminists just want to be treated equally.....to the pretty ones.
Ever since I spent my money on a set of pans, I've been potless.
Skinny jeans are like a cheap hotel, there's no ballroom.
I hope actreas Jessica Biel names her first child 'Batmo'.
Expose any cheating partner with proof only
The only A+ thing about me is my blood
A guy in the locker room said that mutual masturbation was healthy, turns out he was just jerking me around.
I recycle a ton of stuff per year if you count washing my dishes and clothes
FFS, I have just accidentally swallowed one of my cats worming tablets, don't ask meow !!
Ladies!! If a man is willing to give you the Moon and the Stars, you should be willing to sacrifice Uranus.
Drinking alcohol causes memory loss and memory loss
The man who invented autocorrect has died... May he roast in piss.
i miss all the absent father jokes people used to make. when are they coming back?
I'm unsure if I should attend the seminar on decision making.
Oriental massage books always have happy endings.
The Headless Horseman only got that name after being circumcised.
Any room is a panic room, if you've lost your phone in it.
I put my phone on airplane mode and now it keeps calling me Shirley.
The existence of the meatball sub implies that there is a meatball Dom
Of all my great qualities, I think humbleness is my greatest
I saw a homeless guy and I gave him $1. I saw a homeless woman and I gave her .77c
Golden Shower....I'm in, if urine.
I've just heard all dentists are going on strike.....Brace yourselves.
I had a threesome last night with a couple of No-Shows.
Make Kirby suck up your ass and go fuck yourself
I used to think that I was moth, but now I've seen the light.
Doing nothing is fucking hard to do, you never know when you're finished.
I think the Discovery Channel should be on a different channel every day.
I just saw a flying fox bat, I wonder if he can pitch too?
Things have got so bad in America that Africa is now preparing to stage a rock concert for us.
Frankly autocorrect, I am getting a bit tired of your shirt.
Did you know, taller people sleep longer in bed ?
How do I avoid problem solving?
My favourite film without a doubt, is Mrs Fire.
I was gonna tell you a time travel joke but you didn't like it.
Gonna ask my mum if that offer to "Slap me into next year" is still on the table ?
I sat down with my teenage daughter yo have the 'Birds and the Bees' chat. I learned a lot.
If you have any ideas on how to prevent burglary, my door is always open.
I bought some serving spoons, but they haven't made me any better at tennis.
My four year old grandson has been learning Spanish all year but still cant say please, which I think is poor for four
I have a theory that conspiracy theorists arent real.
My mailman has fallen into a coma. Letters pray...
Hitl3r
Orphans are unrelatable.
7 wheelchair athletes have been banned from the next Olympics after they tested positive for WD 40.
They wasted it by calling it Krav Maga instead of Jewjitsu
A friend had a rare reaction to cheese and had to have part of his foot amputated... he now has a major lactose problem.
I used to be in a band called Missing puppy You probably saw our posters
A friend suffered an extreme reaction to cheese which resulted in having part of his foot amputated... now he has a major lactose problem.
Ill tell ya, I kno Im ugly. The other day, I went to my proctologist and he stuck finger in my mouth
I donate my fluids for money - namely urine, which is extracted from the bend in my arm; most people don't know it but that's where their bladder is (squishing noises).
I just googled the Californian fires.... came up with 26,472 matches
The words cultural and appropriation were taken another language.
Just drove past another crucifix on the side of the road, got me thinking... why are christians such bad drivers?
Call me missconception cause Im pregnant
I couldn't open the bathroom door, so now I'm pissed.
For years I used to think I was a leg of pork..... but, my doctor cured me.
"Be aggressive....be be aggressive" is not an appropriate cheer to give someone stricken with cancer.
I went to a premature ejaculators support group... Turns out it's tomorrow.
My kitchen was messy so I called my friend over to clean it for me, his name is Armond Hammer
My kitchen was really messy so I called my friend over to clean it for me, his name is Armand Hammer
Approximately 56% of strippers are working their way through college, according to the latest pole !!
Best way to get back on your feet, is to miss 2 car payments.
My last girlfriend left me because of my obsession with touching pasta, feeling cannelloni right now.
Discontinued produce.
I hosted a party for people who struggle to reach orgasm but nobody came.
Evidently, when someone says "Get a grip!!", they don't mean around their neck. Live and learn.
Where is the expiration date on a marriage licence?
Give me the keys and I will drive you crazy.
I spent the day in the amusement park toilet admiring the tiles. it was a nice grouting.
I spent the day in the amusement park toilet admiring the tiles. it was a nice grouting.
A friend of mine asked me how much I spend on a bottle of wine. I said Oh, about 15 minutes...
A terrible gymnast walks into a bar
A terrible gymnast walked into a bar
Might not be a rapper but my shirt says XXL
I think that bargain shopping is undervalued.
I'm not saying I'm high or anything, but I just tried to type this joke out on a slice of pizza.
People who steal magazines have issues.
I own a solar powered food maker, its an apple tree.
FOAM ROOFING EXPERTS
September is Eczema awareness month....I'm raising money by selling scratch cards.
How does mayonnaise laugh?.....LMAYO.
My cell phone got drunk, it took too many screenshots.
Getting free drinks in a gay bar is a pain the ass.
Go work at Disney World, you'll find the 'magic'.
Out like a fat kid at first base
Undercooked meat is a rare treat
If your country's founding document mentions liquor, you might be a redneck.
I got run over by a hire van yesterday. Fucking Hertz.
I wonder if children who stutter, had mothers who used vibrators when pregnant?
I recently bought a butt plug.....At least now I can charge my butt.
Imagine if a keepy uppies champion kicked themselves.
I talked to a vegan yesterday. Man oh man I ended up having a beef with him.
Yesterday, I talked to a vegan. Now I have a beef with him.
I opened an oyster bar. Eat here or go shuck yourself.
Im like businessmen with offshore accounts -
What do you get when you cross an Indian with a Muslim?
"Autobots, I have a really bad feeling about the number 7" -Ominous Prime.
I have the body of a porn star , all of my clothes says XXX.
The best way to break the ice, is to pour whisky over it.
Someone should make a beer called Lamar so we Kendrick it.
With petrol prices at $3.89 a gallon, it's cheaper to just do cocaine and run everywhere.
Mama says people on Meth are furious cos they get all them food stamps, but no teeth to eat with...
Whoever called it 'Dentures' really missed an opportunity to call it ' 'Substitooths'.
In Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (2001), Nearly Headless Nick was a poorly executed character.
I just put ham and pineapple in a roll today, because that's Hawaii roll.
Is there anyone out there that suffers from multiple personalities....I just want you to know, you're not alone.
Waterboarding at Guantanamo Bay sounds pretty awesome if you don't know what either of those things mean.
My pastors insistence on giving him a blowjob is bringing me to my knees
What if Jesus was gay and was saying ah, men all the while?
Put down the phone, relax, close your eyes, and just concentrate on driving.
Liners liners, that's two liners
As soon as COVID-19 started, it spread right off the bat.
Ever since I discovered my vault fetish, I've been practicing safe sex.
It's not drinking alone, if the kids are in the car with you.
"Swing States" aren't as much fun as they sound.
The world record for biggest gender reveal party was in 1945 when Japan found out the United States had a Little Boy
She wanted some peace so he gave Herpes
2020
The world record for biggest gender reveal party was in 1945 when Japan found out the United States had a Little Boy
How are Christians against piercings, didn't Jesus have like four?
I just started rewatching the Last Dance because Im back on that bullshit.
As of today I stopped drinking, last night I got so drunk I blew chunks! Chunks is my dog.

Guys, to avoid being raped when in jail, stick a tube of toothpaste up your butt, for complete cavity protection.
When she set my hair on fire before cunnilingus, I knew I was going down in flames.
2 t.v. antennas get married, the wedding was rubbish, but the reception was great.
I used to be a guy stuck inside a womans body.....Then I was born.
Expose any cheating partner with proof only
The Hindenburg disaster, but it happens in Florida. The guy yells, Oh, the humidity
The only running I do, is out of patience, fucks and money.
If Superglue is that good, why doesn't it stick to the inside of the bottle?
I thought I found a mass grave of snowmen, but it turned out to be just a field of carrots.
If you eat enough of those "special brownies"......You'll get a Pot belly.
Infants are so open-minded to have a soft spot for everybody.
I wish more people gave a shit about constipation
Did you hear about the deaf man from Ballinasloe? Neither did he!
Did you hear about the magic tractor, it turned into a field!
I wanted to learn how to drive a stick shift, but I couldn't find a manual.
one liner
I like to knock on my fridge door before opening... Just in case there's a salad dressing.
Buy one Oprah, get Winfrey.
A chemist froze himself at -275.15C everyone said he was crazy but ge was 0k.
Trump was asked what the 'J' stood for in Donald J Trump ?
If you cannot find your dog, just open the fridge door, he's standing right behind you.
I'm so lazy, I won't even listen to music, incase I'm moved by it.
I want to know, if vegetables are so good why are vegetarians always trying to make them taste like meat.
Heavy metal should be renamed as "boulder music"
If mother earth had an xray, archaeologists would have a much easier time.
The cigar that's more famous than the man who smoked it
Elect 2 woman presidents, one to have control of the nukes when it's not that time of the month.
Don't bother doing a criminal background check on me. I've never been caught.
The door to an insane asylum is tricky business. On one side you have a bunch of psychopaths willing to destroy the world for their own selfish pleasures, and on the other side an asylum.
Got to hand it to short people..... Mostly because they can't reach it
And then everything changed when the fire nation said it was a boy
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
My honeycombbb has 200% more bees.
I tried to set a world record for masturbation ...
If animals aren't meant to be eaten, why are they made of meat ?
Kentucky pregnancy rate hits ALL TIME low as Covid 19 puts a stop to family reunions.
My friend told me he was going to dress up as a small island off the coast of Italy so I told him "don't be Sicily"
If you want to make your wife crazy, don't talk in your sleep, just smile.
As if it wasn't bad enough being Dyslexic, now I've got the Racoon Virus.
Finally got out of bed, to go and lay on the couch.
Wearing a mask over a beard, looks a lot like a ladies underwear commercial from 1972'
If she can walk to the kitchen after sex, you don't deserve a fucking sandwich.
9/11 Should be National Jenga Blocks Day
Never take the 'P' out of a pirate..... as he becomes very angry.
In-flight meals are all lies before takeoff.
Dont you hate it when someone answers their own questions? I do.
Weaving $100 bills into a belt is a waist of money.
I wondered why the ball was getting bigger... and then it hit me.
I used to be a heavy drinker, then I lost some weight.
A watched pot never boils is bullsh*t, I know - I've seen it.
I've never understood what a sunrise looked like and Then it dawned on me.
If Paul McCartney is a vegetarian, why did he name his band Wings?
If you think having a second penis will solve all your problems, you've got another thing coming.
The reason Superman can't defeat Dracula is because he can't go near the crypt tonight.
I bought a fountain pen, but whenever I try to write with it the pages get soaked.
Hugs are soft CPR to keep the heart beating.
I love Ebay....I sold my homing pigeon 8 times last month.
I used to wonder why I lost every boxing match I entered. Then it hit me.
A detective asks god, where were you Saturday at 8pm on the night of the murder, and don't say everywhere at once
I wish I could take credit for that, but I'm not god. He takes credit for everything.
Occupy Lungs - corona does
My wife and I are so much into BDSM play, that even our favourite breakfast is spank aches.
It's definitely possible to make a oneliner with a ';'.
The best underwear jokes........... are brief.
After you die, are you still a Human Being or Human Been ?
Your car keys have travelled further than your car.
I've decided to quit wearing my glasses for the rest of the year, frankly I've seen enough.
No strings attached sex is all well and good, until she wakes up and wriggles free.
If someone offers you a Cockor Spaniel, I suggest you just take the Spaniel.
I don't want to know about willful ignorance.
Honestly....My worst purchase for 2020, was a 2020 planner.
I came into some money recently, I really must buy some more toilet paper.
Over 96% of Tautologies are true.
Why did the Queen knight Sir Mix-a-Lot?
A story set in a cemetery would have a grave plot.
Do gun manuals have a trouble shooting section?
I love messing around with Americans, I call random numbers in Houston and telling them "I have a problem!!"
One of the 2 girls at work cast a spell on me....I don't know which one is witch !!
Do trains eat ? Well the do go Chew Chew
I lost my tree the other day so I nailed a lost poster to a cat
I bought a necklace so that I could properly fasten my neck
Koreans are like a box of chocolates, they'll kill your dog.
Nobody in their right mind would vote Labour.
A load of people out there in the USA, celebrating Labour Day and ain't got no job !!
A football player missing 75% of their spine is a quarterback.
I'm still working in the antique shop. Nothing new there.
Socrates literally only wants one thing and it's fucking discussing
I always do my homework in a restaurant, the customer is always right
Oneliners are great and all until your big-beaked friend, Aharon Hoover, comes by.
All women agree that size matters, but still refuse to lose weight.
Egghead.... That's what Mrs Dumpty gives to Humpty.
I bought a velcro strap sneakers, instead of a lace up....Why knot?
Little known fact...There are currently more airplanes under the water, than there are submarines in the air.
Cheezits twice
I heard that a group of conspiracy theorists are making plans to end the world.
I hope the pubs open soon. I need to cut down on my drinking.
An acorn is just a tree in a nutshell.
Bart Simpson writes what he most believes preceded by NOT on a chalkboard
Billion dollar idea..."Tell John Wick that Trump killed his dog."
I once had a psychic girlfriend, she left me before we met.
My girlfriend wants to get married, i don't want her to.
If you can't drink and drive, why do we need a drivers license to buy alcohol.
I would say my biggest strength is my ability to hold a grudge until the day I die.
My friend says Im self-absorbed, so I took a long, hard look at myself... Beautiful.
Murder is a victimless crime. There's no victim left.
I have had amnesia for as long as I can remember.
_______________________
There are 10 types of people in this world: does who know binary code and those who don't.
My neighbour blamed my gravel for making him fall, but it was his dumb asphalt.
I slept with my best friends wife and now I feel terrible, I think I must have caught a cold.
What if slugs are just snails that have been through a divorce and the partner got the house.
I got into a car accident yesterday and I just took off. It didnt look too bad. The guy was making a big deal out of it, but come on  dogs dont live forever.
I just shot the cat 8 times and it survived.
When Winnie the Pooh eats honey straight from the jar with his paw, it's cute, but when I hang around a donkey while wearing nothing but a red t-shirt, someone calls the cops.
Tithes
Corrupted Joke
Im writing a statistical murder-mystery about Schrodingers Cat. Its called The Box and Whisker Plot.
My friend asked me if I wanted to hear a joke about precious stones, I told him Id have Topaz
COVID..A disease so deadly, you need a test to determine if you even have it.
I've been diagnosed with a chronic fear of giants.....feefiphobia.
"MIDWIFE FOR SALE...(can deliver.)
My poor Cat is still recovering from a massive stroke.
7 wheelchair athletes have been banned from the next Paralympics after they tested positive for WD 40
I saw a chameleon today:obviously not a very good one.
Desiring due credit, but not giving...!
Nostalgia isnt what it used to be
Whiteboards... are remarkable
I saw a double entendre contest, so I entered my friend
If your Tesla gets stolen, is it called an Edison now?
Shout out to the people wondering what the opposite of in is...
depressed people who cant find a reason to get out of bed, drink more water and the reason will come
I think a good conversation starter for a first date is How deep do you have to dig until its no longer considered a shallow grave?
How constipated would you be if you couldn't take a crap until you gave a shit?
When exactly does C.P.R. becomes necrophilia?
Sex is the most beautiful thing that money can buy.
An asshole a day, makes the doctor seem gay...
Expose any cheating partner with proof only
My girlfriend asked me to put ketchup on the shopping list, now I can't read a damn word on it.
Coronavirus originally passed from bat to man and now it's passed to Batman.
Due to so few visitors at the local cemetery, they are now employing skeleton staff.
How comes all the winners of Miss Universe are from earth ?
I was into necrophilia, bestiality, and S&amp;M - until I realized I was just beating a dead horse.
I try to lose weight but it keeps finding me.
Two of my mom's sisters moved to the Alaskan wilderness, now, it's a double aunt tundra.
"Bitch please... If dicks could fly, your mouth would be an airport. "
Being poor makes no cents.
A Chandler fan is called a chandelier
read and lead rhyme, read and lead rhyme, however read and lead dont rhyme same with read and lead
So my professor doesn't talk , she yells :)
Childproof your house as much as you want, they still get in.
Ah, Scotland. The place where even men are a little nervous about getting on escalators.
Expose any cheating partner with proof only
If you've lived in the same house for a very long time, have you ever thought about how much shit you and your toilet have been through together?
Gun control only ends well for those who control the guns.
I bet that bitch Carole Baskin wins Dancing with the Stars when all the other contestants mysteriously disappear.
I think the reason so many Egyptian crocodiles believe that the moon landings were faked is because a lot of them are just in denial.
I had a Muslim sex doll, it fucking blew itself up.
Waste
Just love my favorite old recliner, we go way back.
What type of apple grows on a tree?
Prostitutes can get fucked
Going to the hospital in an ambulance means that you are on the road to recovery.
Goths are like air fresheners, they smell and they like to hang
Did you know the starting pistol was invented by Karl Marx's sister Onya?
I love a girl with a well trimmed bush, it makes it easier to see through her windows at night.
Drunk is, when you feel sophisticated, but can't pronounce it.
Birthdays are good for you; statistics have shown that people who have more of them live longer.
Newsflash from old Pompeii
I never knew the Koran was so accurate, especially when thrown from a short distance.
We call them our exs so we can say ex marks the thot.
Can we just admit that we may have taken the whole ,"Anyone can grow up to be President " thing too far.
I am one step away from being rich. All I need is money.
Sometines I wrap myself up in ribbons and bows and call myself gifted.
Just had lunch at an excellent Christian restaurant called " The Lord Giveth....." They also do takeaways
Brazilian footballers can't usually do bird impressions, but Pele can.
Grandpa warned, and warned, and warned the people that the Titanic would sink, until eventually they kicked him out of the movie theater.
I hear that Ron Jeremy will mostly be doing only anal scenes from now on.
I tried to remarry my ex-wife but She figured out I was only after my money.
I was attacked by a flock of sheep yesterday. Luckily, I was only grazed.
If you don't want the government listening to your phone calls, put your phone on silent.
Im surprised weight watchers hasn't jumped on that whole "flattening the curve " bandwagon yet.
I spotted an albino dalmation today!
It's my god given right to be an atheist
"Cougar" because it sounds much better than, 'washed up bar slut.'
In the pursuit of becoming a household name, I'm now called 'Carpet.'
I'm in the process of writing a book about a vegetarian lion and am going to call it "Bone Free"
Sean Connery should never tell a trained dog to sit.
I put the heat in atheist
Are we making progress to end this pandemic or this pandemic is making progress to end us ?!
Expose any cheating partner with proof only
I went to India and spent 2 hours haggling with a deaf street seller,a thousand pardons
A Freudian slip is when you say one thing but mean your Mother.
"Close only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades" said the worst farrier I've ever had.
I am such a virgin, that even flipping a coin won't give me head.
Two Men walk into a bar but the third one ducks.
Boredom is just the absence of motivation
All the videos of my favourite You-tuber were shot on a potato
Tried to catch fog today.... Mist.
Discount handjobs, get 20% off.
People think I struggle with alcoholism, but Im actually pretty good at it.
Finding a 'needle in a haystack' is quite easy, if you set the hay on fire.
Turns out, a wooden stake to the heart, kills normal people too.
My ex, who left me 267 days 3 hours and 16 minutes ago, says that I've "not moved on".
I was wondering why the baseball was getting bigger, and then it hit me.
When all is said and done the encyclopedia industry is going to struggle.
All generalizations are wrong.
"DANGER, DO NOT TOUCH" must be the scariest thing to read in Braile.
There's plenty of fish in the sea, but until I catch one, I'm just stuck here holding my rod.
I asked Siri for a Rolling Stones song. She played the live version of it. I guess you cant always get what you want.
What kind of Tea do satanists prefer?
The passing of the four seasons is my favorite day of the year here in Ireland.
I'm such a virgin that even flipping a coin won't give me head.
I respect women because I banged your mom last night.
Gordon Ramsay should be Thyme magazines person of the year.
I asked a Chinese girl for her number. She said, "Sex! Sex! Sex! Free sex tonight!" I said, "Wow!" Then her friend said, "She means 666-3629."
My doctor told me to try pilates...... I heard pie and lattes.
Donald Trump, "I'm not orange, Impeach."
I got a gushing keyboard, it's called a Sqwerty.
A tachyon is just a gluon that isn't dry
Ive had Alzheimers for as long as I can remember
An architect does a lot of Build Up to show his art.
Whoever discovered the eel must of been shocked
Good-humored dictums ?!?
To cut a long story short, I became a film editor.
During my divorce I was lucky enough to find and use the law firm of Ditcher,Quick and Hyde.
I bet you'd be really motivated to exercise if the weight you lost, went onto someone you hate.
I'm always constipated but I don't give a shit.
My hobby is travelling to different countries looking for agricultural storage units, Im a silo seaker
My major league boyfriend choked up on the bat, now hes balling off
I was made to walk the plank as a child. We couldn't afford a dog.
If you trim your Christmas tree, it will make your presents look bigger.
The midget strip club down the road is hiring, they must be short staffed.
You better start brushing your teeth son, Oral-B very mad.
I just entered the Town's tightest hat competition.. hope I can pull it off.
45 minutes on the treadmill and I didn't die. Maybe I'll turn it on next time.
I wonder what they called the electric eel, before there was electricity?
My french bakery is called "A World of Pain"
For the artists that frequently get asked Hey can u draw me
Humans have strange rules about which kinds of things in the world are allowed to rub eachother
My uncle has been doing a lot of composting lately, mainly since I buried him in the garden.
anyone can talk to you, but few can talk from you
If youre so intent on always being right, you wont have anything left.
I read quantum physics magazines for the particles.
You can't spell Morrissey without "misery".
Being open minded is the most important personality trait and no one can convince me otherwise!
There is a thin line..
Who does anonymous surveys?
I've just grown a field of vibrators. Now I've got squatters.
I've discovered I have a logic fetish, I just can't stop coming to conclusions.
You don't know how much someone is worth to you, until you sell them.
Dig through the kitchen An burn through the bacon There's ham on the back of my... SPATULAAAA!!!! - Bob Zombie, Rob's less famous brother.
Best career advice... Become a contortionist. They're flexible.
The shinbone is a device to find furniture in a dark room.
Sex with my wife is like my bank account. I put it in, lose interest and take it out again.
Great to see the NBA showing their solidarity with Black Lives Matter, by refusing to do any work.
For some reeson, I've never yet won a gaim of Skrabel !!!
Secks; its been so long, Im lucky I can still spell it
When the judge sentenced me to death, I tried to high five him, but he just left me hanging.
Watt is the unit of power?
Anyone else able to tie rope using telekinesis? Thought knot.
Last night in bed my wife asked me to roleplay. Turned out I was just an extra.
Whoever stole my antidepressants, I hope you're happy.
Cremated ashes are dead weight.
I'm so radical left that I'm right.
WTF is an acronym.
Having coffee with your mistress is grounds for divorce.
I've decided to kill off a few characters in this book I'm writing. It's going to be a very interesting autobiography.
Expose any cheating partner Remotely
Is 'pussylips' one word, or should I spread them apart ?
In America police dogs are K 9.... In China, dogs are E 10.
If the world is just a figment of my imagination then Ive invented a lot of cool shit and I should be a billionaire.
My wife has taught the car a new trick, she got it to roll over yesterday.
I've just fallen through the roof of a French bakery.....I'm in a world of pain.
Sometimes God will send an EX back into your life, just to see if you're still an idiot.
Some people's sole purpose in life is to serve as a warning to others.
Just checked my bank account, looks like the kids are getting a hug for Xmas.
Whats blue and not that heavy ? Light blue.
Hmmmm, I love smoothies.....so much nicer than hairies !!
This day will long be remembered as one of the least memorable days in history.
Bartender says, a Corona and 2 hurricanes, that'll be $20.20
2020 days of the week... Mopeday Snoozeday Whatday? Blursday Frieday Sataday and Someday.
I'd rather kill myself than commit suicide
There are 2 sexes and a lot of mental disorders.
Are you from Europe because europiece of shit
How do you make one dissappear?
In a world where everyone only had right hands, there would be nothing left.
If M&amp;M's go to university, do they become Smarties?
A red curry and a green curry had a fight, there was no winner, it was a Thai.
In France, they applaud Meringue, but in Australia, they boo meringue.
I seen the sequel to 300.
I've just joined a dating site for arsonists. They send me new matches every week.
One time I exaggerated so much, I died !!!
Theres a sink hole near me thats so deep that if you fell in you would be falling for the rest of your life. 12s
I just found out that my great grandad was on the Titanic and as far as I know, he still is.
Every new McDonald's that opens creates 40 new jobs....20 heart surgeons and 20 dentists.
If moths like light do much, why don't they come out during the day?
Masks will probably be required for Halloween this year.
property tax is charging you rent on a house you own
When I told my ex I felt like killing her, she said I needed professional help, so I hired a hit man.
One of the biggest things I gave up for Lent was religion
How old where you when you found out the y in your girl is silent?
.
It would be decent if we got rid of the penny.
Ngl, ham hitting the floor kinda slaps
I have a complaint against the BBB, but I don't know where to file it.
Don't waste $50 grand on your wedding, buy a Lexus instead - it'll outlast your marriage anyway.
Down in Fraggle Rock
My wife said I'm too stupid to know what day it was and there's just no need for that sort of thing, is there? Not at Christmas.
The one thing quarantine has taught me is you dont need fun to have alcohol
If there's no oxygen in space then how is the sun still burning?
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet, I don't know Y.
Thank you for calling "The Hug Hotline", please hold.
Friends are like boobs, you have big ones, small ones, real ones and fake ones.
A good perfume is the best way to turn those nose into yeses because that's how you know they can scent.
Whos the asshole that invented white American cheese?
a virgin pedophile saving himself for the right kid
If Watson isn't the most famous doctor, then Who is ?
All countries eventually got Covid, but China got it right off the bat.
Frankly autocorrect, I'm getting a bit tired of your shirt.
My girlfriend's always complaining how patronising I am when she tells me about her problems, bless her
My wife never exercises, but says she's going to start doing yoga. I thought, "that's a stretch."
Some people claim they do yoga, but they don't. Frickin' posers.
It takes more effort to order a pizza than to have a child, because, let's be honest, have you ever ordered a pizza by accident?
I tried to comfort my sexaholic friend with a tongue joke but it was in bad taste.
Echoing my thoughts
My grandad always told me as one door closes, another one opens....lovely guy......awful submarine pilot
My problem of constantly dropping things is really getting out of hand.
You really gotta hand it to short people for being so down to earth.
Ive been in love with the same intelligent, funny and gorgeous woman for 17 years... and if my wife found out shed kill me!
If anyone needs copies of osteopath monthly, I have back issues.
I bought a boat half price. It was on sail.
A jihadist tried stand up comedy. He bombed.
You can't be jailed for incorrect grammar, you won't complete your sentence properly.
I once fucked a pig and it squealed on me.
All countries eventually got coronavirus, but China got it right off the bat
I made a pretty big 'To Do List', so far I haven't found anyone willing to do any of it.
Im so White, I dont see color.
The moon annoys the sun everyday just to get a rise out of it.
I failed the baker when they kneaded me most.
With enough money you become immortal as you can't be killed, but can be assassinated
I saw a homeless guy and gave him $1...I saw a homeless woman and gave her $0.77c
Stealing someone's coffee is called mugging.
Guy who thought that organic chemistry was just a game of line and dots, was wrong, students suffer now!
Justice is a dish best served cold, if it were served warm, it would be justwater.
When a zip is sewn into a pair of trousers, it is no longer a zip...
How easily you're offended is directly proportional to how dumb you are.
I think theres something wrong with the cactus Im growing, but I just cant put my finger on it.
I am on a battery-powered cruise ship, I can say I am on e liner.
Contact Jack for any Hacking Deal
I don't love parachuting but, I mean, it's descent.
Return of the Jedi is not possible without the Receipt of the Jedi.
Ever get up and just stand there like an idiot, because you forgot what you got up for !!!
Today I'm just not going to flirt with disaster, I'm going to give it an orgasm.
I dont like people who take drugs, for example: airport security.
A friend of mine fell in the pond while we were fishing, but I let him off the hook.
After it rains in Candyland, are there gummy worms all over the sidewalk?
Before work began on Mount Rushmore its natural beauty was unpresidented.
Confucius say, may who run in front of car get tired, but man who run behind car get exhausted.
I intend to live for ever, or die trying.
I have decided to write all my jokes in capitals from now on....This was written in Paris.
Nostalgia is like grammar because we find the present tense and the past perfect.
I went to buy some camo pants but couldn't find any.
y = mx + b is my favorite one-liner.
y = mx + b is my favorite oneliner.
I was going to write my term paper about AI in Star Trek, but it turns out I'm a bad Data analyst.
"I can't do anything right." I said as I left.
I love the word 'frequently', I try to use it as often as I can.
I need a leaf blower, but for people.
Live, Love and Laugh and if that doesn't work, Load, Aim and Fire.
Marriage is like a hand grenade, remove the ring and the fucking house is gone.
Always ask for a receipt, you never know when you'll need an alibi !!!
I'm so old, I can go through a whole day without taking a selfie.
You're single, I'm single, you know what that means? Nobody wants us.
I can't access my acupuncture account, because I have forgotten my pin.
My dads answer to everything is alcohol, not that he drinks, its just that hes really bad at crossword puzzles.
15 out of 10 people tested positive in my town and all 18 of them died.
Incest fun for the whole family
The local librarian wasn't ecstatic about me hitting the books; pages were everywhere.
Blind people must never agree on anything since they can't see eye to eye.
Most people go to sleep but a kleptomaniac takes a nap.
A giant fly has attacked the local police station so they've now called in a SWAT team.
A woman with no legs asked me if I wanted to kick it sometime.
I like to hold hands at the movies, which always seems to startle strangers.
Mad wife, totally worth it
Every machine is a smoke machine if you operate it wrong enough.
So exactly how important do you have to be before your murder becomes an assassination?
Preventing childhood obesity is as easy as taking candy from a baby.
Sharpies sell so well because they are so mark-it-able.
The inventor of the crossword puzzle lives near me, he's three streets across and two down.
Feed a man a fish; serve him for a day. Feed a fish a man; your fish is set for like a whole year.
Feed a man a fish; feed him for a day. Feed a fish a man; feed your fish for like, a whole year.
Oh what irony.
I wonder why I'm walking on train rails.
A quarter of my roof blew away last night. Oof.
Red wine and fish don't mix, in fact, mine died.
Mountains arent just funny, theyre hill areas.
"LIZARD!"..."lizard"..."lizard"...there must be a gecko in here...
What do you call a woman standing between 2 goal posts ? (ANNETTE)
Rose bushes make me so thorny.
A very wise woman once said....... Nothing.
Most people go to sleep but a kleptomaniac takes a nap.
2020 is the year to make jokes like there's no tomorrow.
A person who questions why they are swimming in a river is in denial.
My wedding was an emotional affair....Even my cake was in tiers.
The price they are charging for tyres these days is highway rubbery.
I was shocked today when I found out my toaster isn't waterproof.
If dentists make all their money from bad teeth, why should we use toothpaste that 9 out of 10 dentists recommend.
Whoever said "laughter is the best medicine", obviously never had diarrhoea.
I am working for Peanuts drawing Snoopy and Charlie Brown.
The worst pub I've been to was called "The Fiddle".................... That was a vile inn.
It hurts when someone you really love, says mean things to you, like "Its time to get up."
Lonely hearts advert..."Guy with one left leg, seeks lady with one right leg, for stable relationship."
Strippers dont have A/C in their rooms
I may be dylsexic but I fuond the ovel of my file
I couldn't be lazy even if I tried.
Both Abraham Lincoln and JFK were extremely open minded presidents.
I child-proofed the house but they still get in.
I used to not believe in the bible, until I saw one in a hotel room.
My friend suggested i try jewish gummies, and they were tasty, but a bit too jewy.
How do crane operators pass drug tests when they get that high every day?
I tried to enjoy my everything-bagel, but it was just missing something.
If a woman's period stops on occasion and then restarts, it should be referred to as a comma.
One thing my dad told me, "Son never explain yourself to anyone!" He never did tell me why!!
My cheating ex girlfriend was called Tulsa..... Looking back, she was aslut.
What is the colour of wind? Blew.
If you want to contact a dead Italian, use a Luigi board.
If you want to contact a dead Italian, us a Luigi board.
Expose any cheating partner Remotely
I bought my wig at a discount store, didn't want toupee full price.
If you ever cut your palm, band-aids are nice to have on hand.
What dad does to stay happily married...... Keep Mum.
The meek shall inherit the Earth - if that is OK with the rest of you?
It is a little known fact that Anne Boleyn had a brother called Tenpin.
IF ELON MUSK MARRIES MUSK MELON, HE WILL BECOME MUSK MUSK
I'm really sick of this covid thing
Why do birds sing in the morning? Because they don't have to go to fucking work.
I'm about to lay waste to my toilet
The baker charged in with buns glazing
My uncle was a real take no prisoners kind of guy, at least according to the judge at his war crime tribunal.
I can write a thousand words a minute using nothing but stick figures.
Where did you learn English, a picture book?
Describe yourself in 3 words
Someone just told me I don't know how to shave properly..... Bloody cheek
I used to be so popular until my therapist made me get rid of my imaginary friends.
It's fitting how on The Office they treat everyone in the annex like an ex.
Did you know that 2-2=0! 
What if concentration camps were actually anorexia treatment centres?
I go to confession every time I commit adultery . I'm not a Catholic, I just like to brag.
A magician asked me a trick question and I still have no idea how he did it.
My wife has got so fat, I've decided to put all her favourite food at a place she can't reach.....The floor.
The last time I was inside a woman, I was visiting the Statue of Liberty.
I've set out to lose 5 kilos this month, only 8 more to go.
Happiness comes from within, that's why I love feels so good to fart.
K K K K K, That's my 5k done for today.
If you took offense to anything I said, I certainly regret that you did that --Principal Shepherd, Family Guy S18E20
The worst part about the "Julius Caesar" play is the plot.
I get up early. I get up so early I wake up the rooster
I was deeply scared about making a tinder account but, I beat it.
If being progressive is gay, then lock me up!
Sure, I'd love to cook. How milky do you like your Cheerios?
Sometimes I meet people and feel sorry for their dogs.
If you wait for a waiter in a restaurant, arent you a waiter ?
How scary would it be if the voice inside your head stopped working?
I won $3million in last night's lottery. I am going to donate a quarter of it to charity. Now I have $2,999,999.75
The greatest thing about most politicians is if they win the others lose
If USA did a brexit it would be a usexit, u sexy thing.
The Mexican got horny so now Juanita pussy out
I used to work at a fire hydrant factory and I gotta tell ya, the benefits were good, but the parking was terrible.
last day
I came. I saw. I cleared the browser history...
What does a house wear?......... Address
What's green and got wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels.
Someone please please tell me what FOMO stands for.
"Bro you changed" yeah Iron Man died.
I'm not the sharpest bulb in the shed
I invented a new word today: plagiarism.
When my grandfather began to lose his teeth he sure complained a lot, but it was all bark no bite.
Double standard, if a woman sleeps with 10 men they call her a slut, if a man does the same thing he's gay, definitely gay.
Bee careful, typos can sting!
I accidentally walked in on my room mate and found him covering himself with jars of Mayo ....... "What the Hellman ?"
What does a house wear ?.... Address
A 9 year old girl has vanished after using a revolutionary new cream which makes you look 10 years younger.
In America dogs are K9....In China dogs are E10.
Why didn't BARCA didn't have breakfast today? Answer: They 8 2 much last night. T__T
A baby is just a baked cream pie
I got kicked out of the hospital.
Sodomy can be a pain in the ass.
Sexy has four letters.
Is there a problem?
The older I get, the earlier it gets late.
Infertility runs in the family
Whenever I feel sad I suddenly remember that I live on the 12th floor
It really does not matter how good the soap smells, never come out of the toilets, smelling your fingers.
Messi deserves better. SMH
8arcelona.
When I was little, my dad gave me a bat, but the first time I played with it, it flew away.
Smoking will kill you.....bacon will kill you.....Smoking bacon will cure it.
Jokes about white sugar are rare, jokes about brown sugar...... Demerara
I'm twice as good a driver as you and twice as humble (cuz actually I'm 4 times as good a driver)
Ive had the word lobotomy stuck in my head
I love diversity. Whitewashing pales in comparison.
Drinking a mug of black coffee always leads to a bitter end.
Drinking all mug of black coffee leads to a bitter end.
If politicians in the uk make u-turns, do Australian politicians make n-turns?
Do locksmiths count as key workers?
Laundromats are probably the only places that its still acceptable to have a whites only appliance.
It would be so cool if I had air conditioning.
A baby is just a baked cream pie
What does Carl and Karl have in common?
China has released the name of the first person diagnosed with Corona. His name was, Ah Chu.
I used to work as a programmer for autocorrect.....then they fried me for no raisin.
First day of my levitation course today. Went straight to the top of my class.
Lap band surgery: waist knot, want not.
Contact Jack for any Hacking Deal
If Russia wants to be the first country to produce a vaccine..... Then Soviet !!!
When a little person takes drugs, do they get high or just medium?
Finding your lost luggage at the airport should be easy......however, that's not the case.
They should rate Dreams on a scale of Martin Luther King to Freddy Krueger !!!
Most women's super power is noticing when men are happy and then quickly putting an end to it.
If you had the choice between World Peace or all of Bill Gates money, what colour Ferrari would you buy?
A slice of apple pie is $2.50 in Jamaica and $3.00 in the Bahamas because those are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
My gamer girlfriend just left me...said I always tried to controller
A good pun is its own reword.
A common thing between you and your peepee
If you had wings, would you be a special at KFC?
If a pianist plays with the piano with pens, would be be a penist?
Dear Autocorrect, Absolutely no one uses the word 'ducking' absolutely no one.
My phone has better health insurance than I do.
*walks upto a girl with literally no butt* hey did someone appreciate that ass, it just seems flattered.
Paying for cat food is for pussies
People think I quit drinking beer because they don't understand 'avoiding it like the plague' just means I'm ignoring government recommendations.
Primitive technologies rock!
A kleptomaniac grabbed a blender to take it for a spin.
I man went into space; it took his breath away.
Donald Trump is what happens when you tell a child all his ideas are special.
My boss hates it when I shorten his name to Dick mostly because his name is Steve.
My face lift has gone terribly wrong. If anyone knows of a good surgeon, I'm all ears.
Are dachshund born that way or do they start normal and get weiner.
Dont you hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious?
A bad cardiothoracic surgeon always puts their entire heart into their work.
It takes deadication to be a Zombie.
I don't know how fast does light travel, but it gets here too early in the morning.
A bird without a plan just wings it.
What's the difference between a good joke and a bad joke timing.
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
What do you call a joke without a punchline?
Boffolaz
What's the difference between a $20 steak and a $50 steak ? February 14th.
Every time I go shopping, I either purchase a lot of stuff, or nothing at all. I think I'm buy polar.
I thought Friday was a sad day. Turns out, the next day, was a sadder day.
Tesla has the s3xiest car range of any company.
If you dont pay your exorcist bill, will you get repossessed?
I remember the last words my father said to me... "Stop shaking the ladder!"
My mind is like a t.v. remote, I lose both on a regular basis.
PENICILLIN..... For the woman who has everything.
Fashion is for people who care about what others think of them.
Reality is a crutch for people who can't handle drugs.
Since my deaf dad developed arthritis in his fingers, he's been in unspeakable pain.
Tried to catch a handful of fog today.... Mist.
A judge wandering the Sahara grants people just deserts.
A judge wandering the Sahara grants people their just desserts.
A judge wandering the Sahara is considered to grant people their just desserts.
Worried about my brother's wellbeing, I walked into his dark room after not seeing him for days, to see him playing video games; it was all Doom and gloom.
When my buddy was arrested, the prison janitor asked him to come clean.
Hate everyone equally #HaterLivesMatter
A zombie once tried to make a decision. To me it was a no-brainer.
A doctor was getting really tired of so many people self diagnosing and medicating, she started to become short on patients.
I woke up early today to have a cup of joe, he didn't take too kindly to it.
I asked a construction worker to show me how to frame a house. I could only sit back and think "He really nailed it"
i hate capitalization and punctuation
Expose any cheating partner (Professional Hacking Service)
I secretly took a 2 week holiday from my job at the library, when I got back my boss threw the book at me
I was short on cash, but I needed to get some brickwork done, so I hired a Freemason.
Never mess with a woman, they remember stuff that hasn't even happened yet .
Someone just stole my limbo pole
I don't need fun to have alcohol.
I'm a sea of feelings. I am an emocean.
Dating is cuddling on the sofa. Marriage is sleeping onthe sofa.
Apples are to doctors as garlic is to vampires
My wife needs no introduction, probably because she doesn't get invited anywhere.
My half brother is 6ft3. Just imagine, if he was a full brother.
Womwn have the strange ability to get wet without water, bleed without injury and make boneless things hard.
Covid Vax
A 'permit' is when the government takes your freedom and then sells it back to you.
The French chef commited suicide after he lost his huile d'olive.
When I asked my waiter if the restaurant ever served steak raw, he replied, Yeah, but its rare.
Getting rear ended in the middle of the freeway is the wildest thing a gay man can do.
The fastest land animal is a guy who sees a girl, about to go through his phone.
The question is simple but it is hard to answer. Why?
'False dichotomies' ......You either love them or you hate them.
Mom took my weed so I took her wheelchair and now, neither of us are rolling.
Selling porn is gross but selling food and small household items is grocer.
1 calorie equals 4.184 joules of energy, so I eat less calories by cooling my food before I eat it, then I gain calories by taking a hot shower
Tobacco doesnt cause lung cancer if you take it with a needle
To drown a hipster, just throw him into the mainstream.
When I die, I'd like to be cremated. I think I've urned it.
While stuck in lockdown, you could say we have a lot of extra quaran-time.
It's with a heavy heart that I must announce, the doctor says my cholesterol is at dangerous levels.
If you're told to expect the unexpected, does it make the unexpected, expected?
If you neuter a dog he's fixed but if you neuter a man he's broken.
When a friend steals your earthmoving equipment just yell,
Did you know you can never run out of racetracks?
Expose any cheating partner (Professional Hacking Service)
Remember, flies transmit diseases, so keep yours up.
799 languages in the world and you decide to talk shit.
The last time I was involved in sexual intercourse....... I was a sperm.
What do you call a singing computer? A Dell.
Here is my list of the top zero things of all time:
I accidentally bit the inside of my cheek and now it hurts like crazy everytime I sit down.
My ex girlfriend and I would have never worked out because I'm a Sagittarius and she was a bitch.
Donald Trump, amirite?
Patience wouldn't be so bad if I didn't have to wait for it.
I love sarcasm. It's like punching people in the brain with words.
I never realised how many teenagers my mum slept with, until I started playing Call Of Duty.
If my wife gets breast implants, and I stick my face between her boobs, am I in silicon valley?
A French person entered the chat, which got him arrested for bestiality.
I always liked to watch porn growing up.
The real problem with cartoonists, they always put words in people's mouths
What's brown and sticky? ........A stick.
Just bought a perfume made from Holy Water......Eau My God.
I've never been a big proponent of weight loss.
BREAKING NEWS: Multiple reindeer face trial after allegations of discrimination
BREAKING NEWS: Eleven reindeer face trial after allegations of racism
There are more planes in the ocean than there are submarines in the sky.
"MIDWIFE FOR SALE" (can deliver)
It gets awkward when you're telling a pigeon to go away outside a shoe shop !!!
This is Motown weather...3 Degrees, Four Tops.
I have kleptomania, but when it gets bad, I take something for it.
I just hired a private investigator to find out what I do all day.
I hurt my back hauling this huge package. Let me tell you, being a mailman.. it's hard.
You know what I hate? Someone who answer their own questions!!
Man with authority walks into the bar and orders everyone a round.
My boss gave me a new project and said he needs it by yesterday, so I took time off from that project to research how to build a time machine
If your leg is amputated, the hair on the leg is also amputated, but if you shave your leg first then its not
I'm attracted to little people. Now do you see why that's a bad name for midgets?
I only got a C++ in programing class...
I'm really bad at programing, in fact I got a C++
Ron Jeremy's first pet was named Jeremy, and he grew up on Ron Street.
What's made of leather and sounds like a sneeze?............A Shoe.
I'm sweet like a box of chocolates, so eat me!
COVID-19: The pandemic that causes funeral homes to have a 'back to school' sale.
If you think you have OCD, think again.
It happened!!! I finally got laid......... OFF.
I can't figure out how to operate my automatic transmission car, it didn't come with a manual.
I can't stand being a double amputee!!!
'THE PILL.'....... The second best thing a woman can put in her mouth to avoid pregnancy.
Drug addicts are lack-dose intolerant.
I spent four hours last night making a belt out of fresh herbs. What a fucking waist of thyme that turned out to be.
The opposite of formaldehyde is casualdejekyll
A coffin, that's the last thing I need.
Expose any cheating partner (Professional Hacking Service)
To all of you mocking my waterway jokes, you canal fuck off!
I've decided to dress up as different types of bread everyday next week.... Roll on Monday.
Build a man a fire and he'll be warm for the night, set a man on fire and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
When I canceled my gym membership, I had to submit a too weak notice.
In 20 years people be debating whether or not it has always been spelled Jeffrey Epstain.
From what I've heard, people from Nepal don't Everest.
My fortune telling business did about as well as I predicted.
My lack of libido has always been a bone of contention.
Every time I see a possum laying in the middle of the road, with its guts scattered all over the pavement, I think to myself, "Damn, now there's a true master of their craft."
I hate when you make a typo in your post and the whole thing is urined.
Who wants to help fight "The War Against Terrorism?"......... Join TWAT now.
I've never been married, but I've had a few near Mrs.
I am not responsible for what my face does when you talk!!
My wife has had a tattoo of a seashell on her inner thigh. If you put your ear to it, you can smell the sea!!
I kissed her lips, she closed her legs, I broke my glasses.
Yesterday I saw a pregnant dog in the library, looking for the self-whelp section.
Putting a "bat" on the 2020 quarter, masks awareness of Co-Vid 19 while screaming wash my hands money is dirty.
I don't know how many of you know this, but I never learned to count.
I learn from the mistakes made by people who have taken my advice.
Give a man a gun and he'll rob a bank...... Give a man a bank and he'll rob everyone.
Politeness has become so rare, that some people mistake it for flirting.
It doesn't matter how good you get at tennis, you'll never beat the wall.
I have an irrational fear of giants called "Feefiphobia."
Sex after a certain age should be removed from the list of sins and placed in the list of miracles.
Reading is just staring at a dead piece of wood and hallucinating.
Chronic masturbators don't mind getting their hands dirty
The band whose music really helps me fall asleep is Bed Zeppelin
You dont want to see the aftermath of not doing the beforemath
A picture is worth a thousand words in English, but only one in Welsh.
I can't even press charges on the guy whole stole my explosives.
Waiter asked if I wanted white or brown rice? It's all the same to me, I'm not ricist
I have a crank in my back, and it's really beginning to wind me up
My taste in women has always been a bit fishy.
If you lose your tree, try stapling a picture of it to a cat.
I have a chicken proof lawn. It's impeccable.
Elton John is great at playing the piano...... But he sucks on an organ.
I went to the pub last night dressed as a tennis ball. I got served right away.
Moving to Australia really turned my life upside-down.
Racecar backwards is racecar, but racecar sideways is how Paul Walker died.
I've just donated $100 to a LGBT group. I hope it helps them find a cure.
Working at a prison for violent poets is full of prose and cons.
i had a recurring dream once
Cure for Covid 19 accidentally discovered in Beirut.
I'm not passive-aggressive... unlike a certain someone.
Cowboys don't roll joints, they tumble weed.
Jim Jones had very impressive punchlines
Jokes about miscarriage never land - the punch lines are hilarious, but the delivery is messed up.
This year Im having an 80s themed birthday party, just going to be me doing a shitload of cocaine.
What does a Russian use to wipe his mouth? A soviet.
I just give enough fucks to stay employed and out of jail.... No more, no less.
I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory; all I did was take a day off.
The thief who stole my iPhone could face time.
I had an accident in the upholstery factory, but it's okay. I'm fully recovered now.
I never thought that I'd like eco friendly clothing made from fungi but... It's growing on me.
What sound does a nut make when it sneezes ? Cashew.
It's really expensive to be poor.
I wake up with a great attitude everyday, then idiots happens.
Say yes to masks and no to bras............... Free the titty, protect the city.
What is the female version of a 'dick pic?' Flap Snap.
I think four leaf clovers are a SHAMrock
After working too hard to feed her two children, Janet finally solved her financial problems by changing her gender.
Scientists say vantablack is the darkest black there is, but clearly they haven't seen the soul of my ex
The first rule of 'Wank Club' is..... Never shake hands with another member of 'Wank Club.'
Being fit is awesome, but getting fit sucks....Getting fat is awesome, but being fat sucks.
My daughter wanted a Cinderella themed party, so I made her and all her friends clean the house.
Today I learned that keyboards never stop working because they have two shifts.
Where do African infants go? The infantry
.... can't join two lines to make it a oneliner
I intend to live for ever, or die trying.
You can make your water bed more bouncy by using spring water.
If I ever need a heart transplant I'd want my ex's. Its never been used.
I never thought in my entire life, my hands would consume more alcohol than my mouth.
"Huge explosion in Beirut." Is it too early to make a joke, or shall I wait for the dust to settle ?
Just finished reading a book about a vegetarian lion.... Bone Free.
Castration takes balls.
Last night my wife asked me if I wanted to dress up as a clown, hide in the drains and scare her but I didn't really feel like It.
Every joke is a one liner if youve got a long enough piece of paper.
If you like juicy meat you are a vampire
You can't blame everything on violent video games. Give a little credit to our public schools
I did a daring daylight robbery of a desexing clinic. Took a lot of balls.
I just had that nightmare where youre giving a speech at a nudist colony and you look down and realise youre wearing pants
Why would anyone spend money on shampoo when they can get the real thing for free?
Most computer charts are Excellent.
LIFE SUCKS. I lent a guy $20k to have plastic surgery and now I don't know what the fuck he looks like.
My wife left me because of my obsession with battleships..... It never happened B4.
Had lunch at IKEA and then I had to assemble my stool!
I have a love hate relationship with my wife. I love her boobs, I hate her.
If you smacked a kid in the face with a bottle of Johnson's no more tears, would it create beautiful irony ?
SPIDERMAN... Just another guy who ends up with sticky hands, after using the web.
My goal has always been to Iive forever...so far, so good.
If moths like light so much, why don't they come out during the day?
"You have made a heavy mistake" said the nurse as she weighed the baby
My ex girlfriend was a fart cos she blew me away
i am fat and my friends make fun of me but i don't care cause i got thick skin
My girlfriend left me because of my obsession with being a news anchor.......... More on this later.
A very wise woman once said.......Nothing!!
Do women shake the gas pump after filling up, or is it just a man thing?
Got into a fight at the bar last night, it all started when some guy hit me back.
The world is my oyster, even a little bit makes me want to throw up
Its with a very heavy heart that I inform you that I just ransacked a whale carcass
I ordered a loaded baked potato that came with bullets and a bong on the side
i bought a universal remote control and thought to myself, "wow this changes everything"
James Dyson has made money out of thin air.
What happens when you onions with beans? Tear Gas.
2020 America, a time and a place, where you get arrested for opening your business, but not for looting businesses.
My girlfriend confided in me she loves when I blow air on her when she's hot, but honestly, Im not a fan.
My girlfriend told me that she loves when I blow air on her when shes hot but honestly, Im not a fan.
Time flies like an arrow, but fruit flys like a banana
In order to lie, one must first know the truth.
I hate petty people so much, I keep a list of them.
I came to the conclusion that I have a fetish for periods.
I've decided to write all my jokes in capitals from now on. This one was written in Paris.
I've just bought my son a huge wooden horse for his birthday. I got it from 'Troy's R Us'
Well...Well....Well...Welcome to stutters anonymous.
Smaller babies may be delivered by stork, but the heavier ones need a crane.
Give a man a fish and he'll eat for a day. Give him jellyfish and you can pee on him.
2019 is so last year
After pulling 5 plastic horses from my rectum, the doctors listed me as stable.
I have a joke on Tesla, and I wish it cracks!
What's brass and sounds like Tom Jones? Trombones.
What's brown and runny ? Mo Farah.
Laptop speakers.... Too quiet for music. Too loud for porn.
Yesterday I went to the 'Air and Space' museum. There was absolutely nothing there.
A man wearing a tie fastener walks into a bar. The barman says, "We don't like your tie pin here."
FOR SALE...10 used condoms. (No weirdos.)
It took too many steps to build a ramp.
one part of me thinks you are stupid and the other part agrees with my first part
I dig the new garden show.
If a charity concert is held in 2020, it should be called COVAID.
A photon walks in to a hotel, the concierge says "Do you need any help with your bags?" the photon replies "No thanks, I'm travelling light"
My flat earther friend decided to walk to the end of the earth, to prove it was flat........ In the end he came around.
I released my own fragrance today. Not sure the people near me on the bus appreciated it though.
Why don't fat epileptics like slim coffins? Because they can't fit in them.
Her: "Undress me with your words. "Me: "I saw a spider in your bra."
Why don't professional boxers gave sex before a fight? They probably don't fancy each other.
I'm like my credit card, I always get declined.
The best years of my life was spent in the arms of another mans wife.... Thanks Mum.
What's the toughest part of being a vegan? Apparently, keeping it to yourself.
I heard the government is putting chips inside of people and I hope I get Doritos .
The board of trade in Bogota is called the Colombian Exchange
I know my wife's up to no good alone in the bathroom, but I cant put my finger on it
I heard the Gov't is putting chips in people, I hope I get Doritos
My 5 year plan is to make it til Christmas
There is no need to repeat yourself, I ignored you just fine the first time.
I rarely eat steak
If quizzes are quizzical, what are tests ?
What do you call a laughing motorbike? Yamahahaha.
Why is no one ever the right amount of 'whelmed' ?
What do you call a exploding monkey ? Baboom.
It would be horrific if farting was as contagious as yawning.
Mosquitoes are like dirty used needles, that can fly.
Ghislaine Maxwell is not attractive; in fact, if I was 55 years younger..
If you want someone to listen to you, start the conversation with, "I shouldn't be telling you this..."
My daughter's obsession with chicken nuggets is a tender subject.
Recommendation; Invasive computer programmer
How do you make 5 pounds of fat look good? Put a nipple on it.
I don't know about you, but i don't like using public urinals...
I have a simple motto, "If you can't beat them, what's the point of becoming a teacher?"
Saw my wife taking off her make up last night, or as I call it..... "Reset to factory settings."
To the person who stole my Microsoft office, I will find you, you have my Word
Are you a banker?
Sam had broken up with Ria, he realised how much he loved her so he went bacteria
I don't like to waste paper, so my friends and I bidet-ed my neighbor's house instead.
Exercising is a great way to fight the pandemic.....It flattens the curves.
Do you have to prune a prune tree, or is it self pruning?
Is the singular of police, "po-louse"?
Do you know what the best thing is about one-liners?
Despite buying 20lbs of birdseed, nothing ever grew.
I couldn't be apathetic if I tried.
If we build speed bumps to force people to slow down, why don't we just stop fixing potholes and save money.
Proper punctuation is the difference between helping your uncle Jack, off a horse and helping your uncle, jack off a horse.
Was feeling lonely, so I called a phone sex line. I'm so glad my mom answered.
4/5 doctors wouldn't recommend using more people in their toothpaste survey.
You know you're getting old when you get up in the morning and have to rest for a while.
Bullets are weird.... They only do their job after they're fired.
The number of people older than you is steadily decreasing.
I'm not saying my wife is stupid, but she thinks Iran is a new treadmill machine by Apple.
I can't believe no one has managed to come up with a cure for anorexia yet, honestly, I thought it'd be a piece of cake.
Unboxing Groceries
The next song is all about subtraction...." Take it away boys."
Before the crowbar was invented, most crows drank at home.
Gravestones are a thing of the passed.
We had a wasp nest in our shed. We didnt have any raid so we just threw a Grenade in there instead. Its safe to say that we no longer have a wasp problem.
stealing is an acquired taste
It is what it is.
It's sad that people are nice to each other only after seeing what they are worth else treated like shit
Every year, hundreds of kids are shipped off to mime school, never to be heard from again.
I went for a lap dance recently, the girl was amazing. I gave her 5* on Strip Advisor.
Ben Franklin must have been an optimist- he made his glasses half full.
The best thing about dating a homeless girl is you can drop them off anywhere
Obnoxious boss: "I can do anything you can do." Employee: "Stop talking for five minutes."
I was going to do something spontaneous today but Ive been too busy to plan it.
Recommendation: Confirm your suspicions with solid proof only
I could see myself cleaning mirrors this summer.
"UNITED WE STAND." (6 feet apart.)
When do S and C sound the same? When it's necessary.
Jokes are like people. Not everyone likes the dark ones.
The Lego store has finally reopened. People are lined up for blocks.
My wife hates me introducing her as my ex girlfriend.
Introverts be like "i know a spot" then take you to their house.
Restaurant toilets are fu***ng dangerous. So many of my dates have gone to use them and vanished.
I used to sneak out of the house to go to parties. Now I sneak out of parties, to go home.
Fear those who use his services to sell theirs, but dont fear the reaper
Been trying for months to come up with a social distancing joke but this was the closest I could get
If you want to start breeding worms you need to get a clew first.
Ghetti is my favorite way to end a Spa day.
My best friend was hospitalised after eating an extra large pizza..... IT WAS MINE.
Just been given a job as Senior Director of Old McDonald's farm..... I am their new CIEIO.
I've invented a glass coffin. Don't know if it will catch on..... Remains to be seen.
Scientists have found a way to walk through walls..... It's called a door.
What's the opposite of 'isolate?' You so early.
Wife: "Will you still love me when I'm fat and ugly?"....... Me: "You know I do."
When I first married my wife, she was a glutton for punishment, now, she's just a glutton.
What does ADHD stand for ? Attention Deficit Hey Doughnuts.
I snort artificial sweeteners. Or Diet Coke as I call it.
Statistically 6 out of 7 dwarves aren't Happy.
I heard the captain of the yacht was a sales manager.
I hate making spelling mistakes when I'm posting on /r/oneliners because all you have to do is mix up a few letters and your whole joke is urined.
I hate to admit it, my wife's cooking has seriously improved. That was the best slice of soup I've ever had.
Opinions are like assholes, if you say you dont have one, youre probably full of shit.
Did you know that squirrels die after they have sex? ...... Well... The one I fucked did anyways....
Why is there only one Monopoly and Mergers Regulator?
If you eat your cake fast enough, your Fitbit thinks you're walking.
The CEO of Pepsi was fired today. They found traces of Coke in his system
Turn your sofa into a sofa bed just by forgetting your wife's birthday .
My sex life is like Coca Cola.... First it was normal, then light and now zero.
Music is just like candy.... It's great, once you get rid of the rapper.
You know what's really odd... numbers not divisible by 2.
Everyday I try to do something good for the world, this morning for example, I took a shower.
The man that wrote my biography completely changed my life.
When cutting a cake, always bisect it with the first cut - that way you can half your cake and eat it too.
Mathematics is 90% common sense and the other half is intelligence.
After pretty much every interview I've ever had I get offered a cigarette.
All my passwords are protected by amnesia.
The real side effects of not brushing can be "felt" while wearing a mask
I Won't Make Jokes On LGBTQ Community Because My Jokes Are Straight.
If Hawkeye from Avengers was Scottish would he be called Hawkeye The Noo?
i thought i was fine until i sat on the toilet and shit just got real
Jesus can't come back cuz then they'd have to admit he wasn't here when they felt his presence in the church earlier
My ex wife still misses me... but her aim is getting better!
They put me on death row, but everyone else forgot their oara
What happens when you eat beans with onions ? Tear gas.
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
I am not good at chemistry, so i was surprised when my friend told me that water is actually HijklmnO.
It wasn't until I was balls deep in a jar of peanut butter that I realized I was fucking nuts
Whats blue and doesnt weigh much? Light blue.
What is the colour of wind ? Blew.
What is the colour of wind? .......Blew.
What is the colour of wind? .......Blew.
The politically correct brigade, can suck my Richard.
What stands in the field and goes "Oooo Ooooo." ? A cow with no lips.
Catch Cheating Spouse Remotely with Solid Proof
I have woken up over 10,000 times and still not used to it.
If I had to describe myself in 3 words, I would say, "Not very good at maths."
Its ridiculous god told me that I'd live if I jump off a skyscraper but they call me the crazy one for refusing to
When my first child was born, my dad told me, "You have to pay boys to be good, but girls are good for nothing."
My wife and I have a strange and wonderful relationship: she's strange, and I'm wonderful.
What do you get when you cross a Rottweiler with a bunny? Just the Rottweiler.
I used to be a member of the secret cooking society but they kicked me out for spilling the beans.
The only thing my wife and I have in common, is that we got married on the same day.
My wife and I split up because of psychological reasons....She was Psycho and I was Logical.
I was counting squares in a picture and I lost count
I'm reading this awesome book about an immortal dog that's impossible to put down!
Molestation is a touchy subject
Its hard having a dick.
The key to reliability was in my jeans a moment ago...
Drunk is when you feel sophisticated, but can't pronounce it.
I bought a boat half price, it was on sail.
How much memory does it take to store a joke? 1 Gigglebyte.
The doctor was supposed to donate the poop but he had no patients for that shit.
I haven't seen any 'little people' in a long time. Is there a shortage?
brev. soul. wit.
You might have a weird fetish if you look at a punching bag and say 'I'd hit that'.
I invented a rocket that doesn't need fuel, but it never really took off.
I asked the photographer to take some good shots from all the guests, and now he's in the hospital.
My girlfriend asked me to hand her lipstick to her, but I accidentally passed her a glue stick instead. She's still not talking to me.
my child: don't get mad at me, I am you 2.0, if you don't like it, take it up with the producer.
I've spent all day reading a book about Escapology. I need to get out more.
Say yes to Masks and no to bras.. free the titties and protect the cities.
Stealth planes....They're not even on my radar.
I often wonder why they don't call it anti-social distancing ?
Where would we be without sat-navs...
My favorite summertime allergy song is Blowin' in the Wind, by Peter Pollen Mary.
An ancient Mayan would use Xanax to fend off Hispanic attacks
Poor people dont make a lot of cents
I really love playing chess with elderly people in the park but its just really hard to find thirty two of them willing to do it.
"I learn from the mistakes made by people who took my advice."
I put the 'sexy' in dyslexic.
all the balloons i blow are truly breath-taking
Is the Dunning-Kruger effect a cognitive bias in which people with low ability at a task overestimate their ability or am I just suffering from Dunning-Kruger?
Ever tried Ethiopian food?....neither have they
I girl text me saying come over no one is home no one was
I know everything there is to know about the Dunning-Kruger effect
I bought a bag of rocket salad today. It went off before I could eat it.
I only go out with homeless girls. You can drop them off anywhere.
I did my personal best in the 100 metres.yesterday....... 85 metres.
When I die, I'd like to be cremated. I think I've urned it.
9 out of 10 dermatologists agree that towels are the leading cause of dry skin.
If dentists make money from rotten teeth, why should we buy toothpaste 8 out of 10 dentists recommend ?
I didn't know the first thing about BDSM until one day I found someone willing to show me the ropes.
I asked my friend if I could borrow his chloroform, he said knock yourself out
I used to tell people I was a workaholic until I realised it doesnt mean guy who constantly gets shitfaced at the office
I saw an ad that said personal trainers hate this app! so I downloaded it and it was just a bunch of videos of really sweaty guys, not wiping down gym equipment
I saw an ad that said personal trainers hate this app! so I downloaded it and it was just a bunch of videos of really sweaty guys, not wiping down gym equipment
In light of collapsing economy, JPMorgan plans to lay off several members of Congress
The girl I like said shed go out with me if I knew a six letter word thats a synonym for calm, so I answered, Its sedate.
I read that alligators can grow up to 15 feet, but I've never seen one with more than 4.
There are 5 ways to win an arguement with a woman...unfortunately none are known to man.
"Good Morning America....What are you going to be offended by today?"
Cow farts come from the dairy-air.
Refusing to go to the gym counts as resistance training, doesn't it?
Every new McDonald's creates 40 new jobs. 20 dentists and 20 heart surgeons.
I have a joke about involuntary celebacy but you won't get it.
My wife said Demi Levato got engaged and her rock was huge, and I asked if she was talking about her ring or...
In politics, the ability to lie is not a liability.
"Here's champagne to our real friends, and real pain to our sham friends."
Why was the dog standing still? Because he was on paws.
Came up with a word for stealing other peoples' work:plagiarism
I was made to walk the plank as a child. We couldn't afford a dog.
Life is full of complications, even when you're born, there's a string attached.
Where do unvaccinated kids play? In the plague ground .
What has only one finger and is very demanding? A ransom note.
Got run over by a limousine this morning. Took fucking ages.
Don't accept shampoo...Demand real poo.
These COVID masks do work. I managed to pluck up the courage to ask the girl at the chemist for some condoms today.
Arnold
Random kitism
Brazilian footballers can't do bird impressions, but Pele-can.
What do you call a breast cancer patient with no symptoms?? Asymptoma-tit
I was forced to swallow purple food coloring and now feel violated.
I'll never understand gay marriages!! Who makes the sandwiches ?
The fastest way to stop an argument between a bunch of deaf people is to just turn off the lights.
I'm a fantastic lover because I practice a lot on my own.
I spent 30 minutes on the treadmill today. Tomorrow I might even turn it on.
If you're experiencing joint pain, you're probably already too high and holding the lit end.
Just had lunch at a Christian restaurant called "The Lord Giveth.." They also do takeaways.
An aborted fetus is a bastard
Its not about how big the house is, Its about how happy the fucking is
Not gonna lie, i sleep standing up
When I got out of jail for robbing a bank and spending it all, I did the right thing and robbed another bank to pay them back
Having a child makes me want to be a kid again...If you cant beat em, join em
With god as my witness, I'm sure to lose the court case
I wish mosquitos sucked fat instead of blood.
Never realised the Koran was so accurate, especially when thrown from a close distance.
moaning during sex is primitive both people should just say bruh at a gradually increasing volume.
Boys buy 1 polo shirt and wear it until the horse die. 
Recommendation for hacker:
It's funny, that when I tell someone, that I don't like people, they always think I mean other people.
Theres nothing more I value than freedom of speech, and Ill kill anyone who disagrees.
If only I could have put one and one together, I could have added up to something.
Killer Clowns from Outer Space, what were they thinking??!
This year I'm going to buy my wife a artificial leg for Christmas as a stocking filler.
I'm thinking of switching my energy provider from Red Bull to Lucozade.
I'm over 30 years old and never used 'essential oils ', which makes me wonder how essrntial they really are!!!
My brother got a job with the circus as a human cannonball. He was fired immediately.
My Wife says we need more garden furniture. I'm sitting on the fence.
Females know everything until you ask em whos this dude
After checking my weight this morning I am glad to announce that I have finally lost total faith in working out.
I lost a lot of weight when my ex left me, she was heavy I must say.
Ive been trying to find someone to drive me around for years, and I still have nothing to chauffeur it
I'm not condescending, I'm just busy thinking about important things you wouldn't understand
They say that sarcasm is the lowest form of humor; like thats really true...
I like to sprinkle yeast on people just to get a rise out of them.
Roses are red, Cocaine is white. Guess who's staying up all night,?
Pig without 3.14 is just 9.8
Is it OK to date both of my hands at the same time?
Amidst the virus crisis, Hooters recently introduced a door-to-door service called Knockers.
I lost count of how many virginities I still have after losing my nose virginity.
Don't believe adverbs, most of them are a ly.
Jainism is a mosquito conspiracy.
If your boss refuses to pay you more money, no problem, just accuse them of raise-ism.
My 9 year old
I tell women my penis is a foot-long but leave out the part about it being a baby's foot.
You know what they say about cliffhangers.
Audio engineers give sound advice
DJs give sound advice.
I bought my wig at the discount store, didn't want toupee full price.
In Jamaica, every day is Mon day.
I can't play the drums while masturbating because I'm always just a beat off.
Saw a dude wearing a turban at the skate park. His tricks were pretty Sikh.
Have I written a Joke about Pavlov's Dog? It rings a bell.....
Dogs being able to lick there balls is the ultimate flex.
Expose any cheating partner with solid proof only
When my wife walked in on me masturbating to an optical illusion, I threw my hands up and pleaded. Honey, its not what it looks like!
More free food you serve, wider the audience get
My brother ate a Rolex ...I told him watch his mouth
The magical tractor went down the road and turned into a field.
My wife just hiked up her skirt proving that her new diet and exercise routine has worked wonders.
I tried to buy a pillowcase on Craigslist but it ended up being a sham.
Today at work, I beat my boss over the head with a pie chart and now Ive been charged with a graph-aided assault.
I carved my wife's name on a tree today, to remember where the fuck I buried her.
Vegan jizz.... I think you mean Cummus.
There are 70 ways to keep a man happy. One is alcohol, the other is 69.
Child abuse.....That's a touchy subject.
Pinnochio, he's seen and he nose it.
If you want to summon a dead Italian, use a Luigi board.
If I had a dollar for every gender, I'd have $2 and a bunch of counterfeits.
long time no kiss, how sad.
Never stop dreaming (Freddy Krueger)
I just ate an entire philosophy book, and now I feel really thoughtful.
My neighbors listen to Smashmouth's All-Star a lot. Whether they like it or not.
My friend said he's making a voodoo doll of me, but I think he's pulling my leg.
I always thought orthopaedic shoes were overrated, but I stand corrected...
My friend says he has a voodoo doll of me, but i think hes pulling my leg.
Break ups in China are the hardest, you see her face everywhere.
After you've read 3 different reviews of the same film, you start to wonder about history.
My wife started her own business reading Tarot cards and now shes making a fortune.
"Same sex marriage" ..... Fucking hell, I would be happy with some sex marriage.
WANTED: someone to pinch my nipples while I hook my balls up to a car battery and shove a gerbil up my ass... NO WEIRDO'S!
I'm opening an Assassin themed restaurant... It's take out only.
All meat is made from porking
Strawberries are the only berries that are named after a plastic
Electricians have to strip, to make ends meet.
My friend's say I'm a pessimist, but I think it's far worse than that.
Viagra: it won't make you James Bond but it will make you Roger Moore
Is it weird, that one of my testicle is bigger than the other two ?
Just because you are offended, doesn't mean you're right.
I'm so confused, do I need a mask or a brick to enter the store?
Recommendation: Confirm your suspicions with solid proof only
I just foundout that my great grand father was on the Titanic, and as far as I know, he still is !!!
Caitlyn Jenner is now technically one of the X-MEN.
I squint at the sun because it's bright, but I squint at co workers because they aren't
17+13+11
tiktok dancing looks like ASL on steroids
Wear glasses and a mask? You may be entitled to condensation.
If you say rise up lights, you simultaneously say 'razor blades in an Australian accent.
The reason the army's so strict on uniforms is to minimize casual tees.
What language do squids speak ?Inklish.
As a house painter, I find I'm often enameled by attractive, well dressed ladies as they pass by.
I'm reading a book on sedatives that's so good it's sending me to sleep.
I just had a guy throw milk at me.... How dairy ?
Jesus Christ is my Lord and safe word.
Einstein and Jesus came back as zombies looking for brains and souls
I met my wife at a mental institution. We are crazy about each other.
I BELIEVE IN CAPITALISM.
Can someone tell me if I should live autonomously?
I heard about a victim getting encased in cement the other day, fortunately there was more than enough concrete evidence to find the suspect
My friend Jack believes he can talk to vegetables... Jack and the beans talk.
During pride month, does Pennsylvania become Transylvania?
I'm so horny, even the crack of dawn isn't safe.
I've a twin sister with a lisp. She's the spitting image of me.
I can cut a piece of wood just by staring at it.. It's true. I saw it with my own eyes.
China has released the name of the first man to catch Covid......... Ah Chu.
My wife has just taught the car a new trick. She got it to roll over yesterday.
Ive just fallen through the roof of a French bakery. I'm in a world of pain.
Whoever said "Laughter is the best medicine" clearly hasn't tried curing diarrohea with a tickle fight.
I've recently taken up meditation..... Beats sitting around, doing fuck all.
"There's plenty of fish in the sea ", but until I catch one, I'm here holding my rod.
Scientists have finally discovered exactly how much sleep a human needs......Just 5 minutes more!!
If you want to make gold soup, just put 24 carrots in it.
I said I was a nihilist, wasn't expecting "Yeah Egyptian stuff is cool".
I can't believe nobody invited me to victim mentality club.
Political correctness is fascism, pretending to be manners.
I asked for each line item to be spilled out clearly, they handed me a list of carefully defined stains.
5/4 people struggle with fractions, fortunately I'm not one of them.
5 out of 4 people struggle with fractions
If you have 2 choices and you take 1 away, you have 0 choices.
You know you're getting old, when you get up in the morning and have to rest for a while.
If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?
Beds are lowkey slept on.
With great power comes great electricity bills
Wrestling is so stupid. Men with no pants, fighting for a belt.
I bought a boat half price.... It was on sail.
Dogs can't operate a MRI machine......but Catscan.
I'm sorry and I apologize mean the same thing, except at a funeral
I'm exceptionally mediocre.
Sometimes I enjoy making fun of virgins but they wouldn't get tit.
Apathy is what makes you not know what apathy means.
What does a Russian use to wipe his mouth? A soviet.
Is a Russian marriage also known as a Soviet Union ?
Expose any cheating partner with solid proof
Whats the opposite of 'isolate' ? You so early.
If I had a dollar for every gender, I'd have $2 and a bunch of counterfeits.
Want to know how dead you are?Just put a % sign after your age..
Is there sex after death ? Depends on the coroner.
Never say never, unless you're saying this quote.
A bus full of Catholics and a coach load of Jews all arrive at the same church
A bus full of catholics and a coach full of Jews all arrive at the same church at the same time
Take it from me, I am a very generous and selfless person.
When I was older, I used to love playing around with time machines.
Y G O L O H C Y S P: Reverse psychology.
Dear Tetris, Thank you for making me an expert at loading my dishwasher.
I'm writing a musical about puns. It's a play on words.
My Dyslexia is getting Whores...
I feel rock jokes are taken for granite. Not very many pebble appreciate them.
To keep fit I've taken up quiet tennis. Its like regular tennis, but without the racquet.
The Family is the Sociological Corporate Veil
Hipsters have become a cliche
DIY circumcisions are a rip-off.
I was given cleaning duties today and my wife told me she would be resting
Can't get enough oneliners. Queue the next one!
Most straight guys have a few friends, but gay guys got friend's up the ASS!
The pharmacist said they only have the generic version of my laxative medication. I said "I guess I'll have to make doo with that".
People learn from history.... Which is why you should always delete it.
My career as a street fighter didn't last very long. I broke my hand punching a kerb.
In a grading system of A+, A, B+, B so on, I think for computer science student grade 'B' should be called 'C++'
Expose any cheating spouse with solid proof
I have a pet tree... It's like a pet dog, but the bark is quieter.
Any room is a panic room, if you have lost your phone in it.
Marriage is like a hand grenade, remove the ring and the house is gone.
They say 'make up' sex is the best... Good thing, because all the sex I have, is made up.
I phoned to see if my local massage parlour had reopened but they said they wouldnt touch me with a 6ft pole.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
It's said that apple a day keeps the doctor away but it's not certain, if you really think hard an apple have kept the God away.
Parents put so much pressure on their kids, that they end up with crack.
I know I'm in a bad neighbourhood when my GPS whispers.
Women who choose to hyphenate their names at marriage draw a line
THE PILL...The second thing a woman can put in her mouth to avoid pregnancy.
Black Friday Sale!! Meet me at my house..... All clothes will be 100% off.
Good looking girls are kinda like gay guys..... They only fuck ass holes.
Good looking girls are kinda like fat guys.... They only fuck assholes.
Im a traditional guy. I believe in one girl, one cup.
I'd kill to get a job as a hit man
A baby seal walks into a club.
I tried to do my own circumcision by hand but I just couldnt pull it off
My girlfriend keeps telling me shes sick of walking places
If H20 is inside of a fire hydrant, what's on the outside? K9P
I have a simple motto..... "If you can't beat them, what's the point of becoming a fcuking teacher ?
The politically correct brigade can suck my Richard.
The last time I was inside a woman, I was visiting the Statue Of Liberty.
I was a man stuck in a woman's body, then I was born.
When a midget smokes weed, does he get high or medium,?
How does a blind man know when to stop wiping his butt ?
I'm less nervous about getting the coronavirus than I would be about landing a role on Glee.
Went to the bathroom earlier and took a poo. Not sure whose it was, but it's mine now. 
I wish mosquitoes sucked fat instead of blood.
I once met a crazed man muttering incoherently about ancient Mesopotamia, but I had to stop him, because I didnt want him to Babylon.
To all those people who said I couldn't write a joke about bukkake....ha!..... In your face.
Starbucks isnt that expensive, when you think of how much Victoria Secrets charges per cup.
Malcom X comes from a long line of relatives named Malcom. 9 others to be exact.
I got a part time job reciting popular celebrity phrases but got fired for my terrible Arnold Schwarzenegger impersonations, dont worry Ill return.
Contact for any Hacking Deal (Expose cheating partner)
Would an off-brand Green Goblin be called Willem Defaux?
I tried to look up 'impotence' on the Internet.... But nothing came up.
I used to work as a programmer for auto correct... Then they fried me for no raisin.
If you struggle cutting cake, is it still a piece of cake?
I'd personally thank the inventor of the miniskirt. My balls have never felt so free.
Did you know sperm ejects at 20mph. Karen didn't! She does now.
Man with authority walks into the bar and orders everyone a round.
Quitting smoking was easy. I just smoke after sex now.
Thanks to social distancing, Gloryholes are starting to make a comeback.
It must suck to be a good vacuum cleaner.
Left leaners are right thinkers
There are no words in the English language that have all the vowels in alphabetical order, he said facetiously.
Do homeless people get "Knock Knock" jokes?
What's the deal with airplane food?
My ex made my life like a fairytale....GRIMM
I really don't know how fast does light travel, but it gets here too early in the morning.
Always remember that other people aren't responsible for your happiness. They're responsible for your unhappiness.
I bought my wife a slinky new dress. Looks amazing when she's going down the stairs.
A sexist is the male equivalent of a feminist.
A gun rips you a new one and penetrates it
Of all of my medical friends, I feel like my chiropractor really has my back.
I recently took up meditation..... Beats sitting around doing fuck all.
I had to break up with my cross-eyed girlfriend because apparently, she's been seeing someone else on the side.
I put the sexy in dyslexic.
I advise you contact for proof to Expose any cheating spouse
Did Elvis's grandson shoot himself, Uh-Huh.
"Ladies and gentlemen, this is not a drill" (me brandishing a hammer.)
Everytime I have a new idea, I get lightheaded. 
I'm really proud of my ballsack and love to show it off.... Some people think, I'm egotesticle.
Behind every smile, theres teeth.
Having Dark chocolate was really a once-in-a-lifetime experience for my dog
TIL that humans eat more bananas than monkeys which must be true; I can't ever remember eating a monkey.
What's the rudest type of elf?....GoFuckyoursElf
Everything has a meaning; all things/all that exists
I've successfully grown a field of dildos.... Now I have squatters.
I'm no Shaman, but if I want it to rain, I just leave the top of my Jeep overnight.
How do you milk sheep? Release another iPhone.
I thought no one would attend my seminar on semen retention. But they all came.
I accidentally sent a naked picture of myself to everyone in my address book which was not only embarrassing, but it cost me a fortune in stamps.
What's the smallest part in a BMW? The drivers penis.
If I had corona virus for every time I saw a young girl repeating a dance routine for her selfie camera Id be Florida.
It doesn't matter how good the soap smells, never come out of the toilets smelling your fingers.
What's the only bar a Jewish rapper can't drop? His Bar Mitzvah
My youngest daughter was repeating everything I said yesterday. My older daughter who used to do that said sorry Mom I've ruined your kid. I looked at her and said if that's the case then I guess you ruined both of them!
People who participate in cock fights and rodeos must really enjoy cock and bull torture.
The best way
The next song is all about subtractions. Take it away boys.
Why is there enough tarmac to make speed bumps, but not enough to fill potholes?
If corporations are people can we press charges when they rape our wallets?
One-liners apple
My favourite part of church is when they pass around the basket of free money.
My girlfriend said we should have makeup sex... So I fucked her lipstick.
I like to leave a playing card inside a billiards pocket so I always have an ace in the hole.
In Ireland, we dont get racism... we havent even finished hating all the white people yet.
If you eat your cake fast enough, your Fitbit thinks you're walking. 
Turns out, when asked, who your favourite child is... You're supposed to pick your own.
I may be schizophrenic, but at least I have each other!
My wife gives the best hand jobs. In fact, she won the Pullitsurprise.
I woke up with headache this morning. It's my own fault for fucking marrying her.
R.I.P. boiling water, you shall be mist.
Expose any cheating partner
It's a 4 minute walk from my house to the pub.....
What's the difference between a feminist and a baby?
Return of the Jedi, is not possible without the Receipt of the Jedi.
Non binary jokes are often unclear.
I hate it when you guys make false accusations about me.
I don't mind smoking a joint or two but if you put a plate of cocaine in front of me, that's where I draw the line
Being left handed is unacceptable. Its just not right.
Trump only has 2 moods.... Pissed off and pissed on.
I only smoke when I'm drinking but I can keep it to 10 a day
I
When 2 women marry each other, how do they decide which one doesn't want to have set anymore.
Dear Vegetarians, If you love animals so much, why are you eating all their food?
I lost 2 things today. My virginity and my job at the morgue.
I once had a psychic girlfriend, but she left me before we met.
Excellent News, gyms due to open 25th July. I can't wait, not to go.
I went to punch the fog yesterday...mist.
My friend cant afford to pay his water bill so I sent him a Get Well Soon card.
I've been diagnosed with a rare disease that makes me think I'm a airport building. I hope it's not terminal. 
My friend said he has planted 5 explosives, but I only C4.
I haven't commited a crime in years. I hate prison.
Sex is like squaring numbers, If they're und 13, just do them in your head.
I won $3million on the lottery and decided to donate a quarter of it to charity. Now I have $2,999,999,75. 
I excel in sheets
People tell me all the time to be myself but thats just not me.
I'm so lazy I never finish anyt
Light particles travel faster than sound waves. I think this is why some people appear bright until they open their mouths.
My parents branded me as a failure, then I invented a invisibility cloak....If only they could see me now.
Pinnochio....He's sexy and he nose it.
"Thank you for calling the incontinence hotline...."PLEASE HOLD."
I never finish anything. It's almost like I have a black belt in partial arts.
I went to a really emotional wedding, even the cake was in tiers
I've just fallen through the roof of a French bakery. I'm in a world of pain. 
I didn't want to study utilitarianism but the teacher made me.
Was going to make a joke about my paycheck. Turns out I have insufficient puns.
Childbirth should not be referred to as "delivery" - "takeout" would be more accurate.
Adam and Eve were the first people not to have read Apples terms and conditions.
The World is $7 trillion in debt. Just exactly which planet do we owe it to? 
The furniture store keeps calling me back, but all I wanted was that one nightstand.
I work at a factory that makes plastic statues of Dracula. There are only two of us on the line so I have to make every second count.
If I had to describe myself in 3 words, I would say, "Not very good at maths." 
My phone has a better health insurance than I do. 
My dad is a real motherfucker.
Self cannibalism is a big me steak
I was going to make a joke about horny rhinos, but it seemed a little on the nose.
I lost my job as a stage manager, I left without making a scene.
Life is full of complications, even when you're born, there's a string attached.
They say make up sex is the best. Good thing, because all the sex I have, is made up.
I'm so pleased that my gerbils have a big house, I mean, i made it for them but i really feel like THEY'VE made it!
My girlfriend is like a unicorn. Horny but non existent. 
My girlfriend is like a unicorn. Horny but non existent. 
My girlfriend is like a unicorn. Horny but non existent. 
Yes, wine does improve with age. The older you get, the more you like it.
Masks are a good Idea, I have been telling women to wear them for years.
When I wanted to marry a Canadian, it was important to her parents that I would convert, so right away I put them at ease by telling them that a gallon is 3.785 litres.
wait, im losing brain cells
Eating clocks is very time consuming.
Last night I watched porn on my laptop, until my hard drive turned into a floppy disc.
If you think about it, we chop down bird houses, to make bird houses.
You know what I really hate... People who answer their own questions.
Without a doubt my favourite Robin Williams film is Mrs Fire.
Man with authority walks into the bar and orders everyone a round. 
A man who took an airline to court after they misplaced his luggage, has lost his case. 
Wontoo, My Chinese neighbours son is having his exams today.... Testing Wontoo.
A man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation for our local swimming pool, so I handed him a glass of water.
I don't like girls because they like penis and that's gay.
Just a fact
I have a chicken proof lawn, it's impeccable.
If shoes could talk the'll say this human is crushing my will/soul to live every single day.
I went online for constipation advice. I can't log out.
Shout out to him who just asked the opposite of in.
I could never be a racist...i haven't finished hating all the white people yet
Any joke can be made funny with the right delivery except abortion jokes
I always knock on my refrigerator door before opening, just in case there's a salad dressing.
I thought my pony had coronavirus but he was just a little hoarse.
I never thought in my entire life, my hands would consume more alcohol than my mouth.
Restaurant toilets are so fu***ng dangerous. So many of my dates have gone to use them and vanished.
Going for a haircut during a pandemic is barbicide.
What if meatball subs are really just Italian tacos?
A priest, a pedophile and a rapist enter a bar... and that's just the first guy.
In the house of almost every one ohttps://bestfurniturestore.net/small-chest-of-drawers/f us, you can find a small chest of drawers. This is a piece of furniture with drawers.
Got thrown out of Mime Club yesterday, must have been something I said.
Scientists have finally discovered exactly how much sleep an average person needs..... "Just 5 minutes more."
What is your spouse up to? Expose any cheating partner
Whats worse than ants in your pants? UNCLES.
I tried to explain to my four-year-old son that its perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants, but hes not buying it and is still making fun of me.
I have woken up over 10000 times and still not used to it.
How many dyslexics does it take to change a light bulb? Steven.
I don't see the point in decimals !!
Type 2 diabetes?
"I have split personality", said Tom, being frank.
Amputees can't hold their liquor.
Overweight people don't skinny dip, we chunky dunk.
I will relish the day they make a condiment from pickles.
Ironically, 2020 is the year we didnt get to see anything
Australians don't have sex, Australians mate
FYI... It's open Mike night at club Autopsy.
Honestly, my worst purchase of 2020 was a 2020 planner.
If you want your water bed to be more bouncy, use spring water.
If age is on the clock, she gets the cock
I used to be a shepherd, but had no idea how many sheep I had, just kept falling asleep trying to count them.
When I post a joke and nobody rates it, I just presume they all died from laughter.
It's really hard to take women with false eyelashes seriously, It's like watching 2 tarantulas scream for attention.
There's a 'k' in dark and not a 'c' because you can't see in the dark.
Watch Kelly Slater teach J.K Rowling in an all new Season of 'SURF N' TERF!'
The only positive thing today was my Corona-test
If Adam and Eve were Chinese, we would all still be in Paradise, as they would have eaten the fcuking snake.
My heart goes out to anyone that wants to trade with the heart of an alcoholic.
I drank water while I was cleaning myself this morning, and it left a shower taste in my mouth.
Due to recent events, white bread will now be called privilege bread.
Polls... Biden leads Trump by 14%. To be fair, Putin does like a challenge.
It isn't any wonder why I've got intimacy issues, considering that my mother was the first woman who ever stood me up.
Child abuse....That's a touchy subject.
My first wife was from Thailand. Unfortunately she died.....of testicular cancer.
Am I the only one here that thinks Feminists are really cool people and that every man should one?...
Thought I stepped in poop, then I did some sole-searching
Suicide bombers, what makes them tick?
I love telling jokes, I but I always punch up the fuck line
Feminists just want to be treated equally.... To the pretty ones.
The blonde tiptoed near the medicine cabinet, so that she wouldnt wake up the sleeping pills.
If a midget smokes weed, does he get high or medium?
I used to work as a programmer for auto correct....but, they fired me for no raisin.
I would say that Im an alpha male but my wifes boyfriend doesnt let me compliment myself
I don't know how to act my age, I've never been this old before.
I told the policeman after the drug raid to get off his high horse.
A hot blonde ordered a double entendre at the bar
What is your spouse up to? Expose any cheating partner
If jesus died for our sins, then jesus was killed for our sins, so someone killed jesus for our sins
The smallest shits seem to be the hardest ones to take.
The secret meaning of ADs is AiDs
I wasn't sure about my lockdown hair at first, but it's grown on me
In hindsight, I realized that bringing fry oil, flour, spices and bread crumbs to a battered women's shelter's wine tour was a joke in pour, taste.
Go Google Free Marijuana for some free hits.
My dad was a Minotaur, my mom was a Mermaid and I got both human halfs.
I just came to the realization that I have a fetish for figuring things out.
I have the body of a porn star, all my clothes says XXX.
You never know when God's gonna take away your hair.
Getting Reddit karma is a piece of cake.
I thought my mom was priceless... But the antiques roadshow told me otherwise.
It's baffling why Marvel never used Hulk as an advertisement. He's literally a massive banner.
Hard G animated pictures are gifs that keep on gifing
Trickle down bootstraps
Do you believe in love at first sight? Or should I walk by again?
Walking for miles on end with no shoes on can be sole destroying.
I advice you contact bob if youre in a Toxic Relationship
"Thank you for calling the hug hotline...PLEASE HOLD."
Peter Pan was the first to be shadowbanned
You can tell Monopoly is an old game because theres a luxury tax and rich people can go to jail.
I don't need to take the trash out, I just tell it, I love it and it's gone by the morning.
Guy with 3 fingers and a eye patch, sell the best fireworks.
If you're told to expect the unexpected, does it make the unexpected, expected?
I tried to steal a house key from a Japanese family while they drank rice wine, but the man slapped my hand and said, "That's sak!"
A blind lady walks into a bar.
I can't wait for the next pangea
He looks like the kind of guy who walks around the grocery store looking for toast.
Science might have the answers, but religion has the holidays.
Turn your sofa into a sofa bed, just by forgetting your wife's birthday.
The kids are all alt-right
I regret rubbing ketchup in my eyes but that's Heinz sight for you.
Rare Earth magnets have become quite ubiquitous.
Pound for Pound the best metric conversion ever.
I must say I'm really impressed with the new instant Chinese vegetarian meals...
When my wife found out I was cheating after she found the letters I was hiding, she got so mad and said shes never playing Scrabble with me again.
How do you make 5 pounds of fat look great?
It was my lack of knowledge in Greek Mythology that led to my Athletes Elbow
The unbearable reality is that grizzly bear populations are declining
Did you know bats swim by sonar?
I got a job at Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms; it's not as fun as it sounds.
Soldier charged for refusing to charge, discharged.
"Shall we adopt another child?" asked my wife.
Do you smell synonym buns I smell synonym buns, just like grammar used to make
How does a blind man know when to stop wiping his butt ?
A confused Cowboy at a Magic show: "Yeeeeee How?"
The latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people makes 75% of the world's population.
This is exactly what you need to know the truth in a Toxic Relationship
If any one wants to swap bum jokes, I've got piles.
If Yolo County, California has a yearly "Hold my beer!" festival, I bet it's EPIC.
I was disappointed when the alt-right was taken off the Internet, but then I discovered that the alt-right was inside me all along
I thought I was having delusions of grandeur, but it turns out I'm much, much better than that.
I believe a lot of conflict in the Wild West could have been avoided if the cowboy architects had just made their towns big enough for everyone.
Walking is so pedestrian.
2020, All the more reason to have a Doraemon!
My family never appreciate my jokes due to serious lack of punchline
Truth be said: I lie everytime.
If you got beat up in school, then bully for you.
Someone stole my mood ring and I dont know how to feel about it.
Communism jokes arent funny unless everyone gets them.
I asked a Transgender for a blowjob
What would the world be like if people were equal? Well, different.
If a Sith Lord with 4 lightsabers was unable to say no then his name would be General Agreevous.
Life is hard, but if you are stupid, its more harderer
I identify with orange juice because were both drunk at breakfast
The trampoline park was really able to bounce back after the shut down.
My dog smell like wet dog so I gave him a bath
Successful pianists know the key to success.
Kids never remember a single word you tell them, until it's something you shouldn't have said.
I'm really into gay guys but as a woman they're never into me.
"How many people does it take to change a light bulb?" is just one of the questions I should have asked before buying a lighthouse.
Of all the actors who played James Bond I like Roger Moore.
I'm not superstitious.. But I am a little stitious.
Robin Williams shouldve named one of his films Miss Fire, without a doubt.
If you butt chug your booze you end up cutting out a shit load of calories.
Never mess with a woman.
Never take a lizard gambling, he'll lose his ass.
The only thing I arouse, is suspicion.
Last Halloween a friend invited me to one of those murder mystery parties, where I spent 3 hours trying to figure out why the hell did I agree to go there.
Say what you want about Hitler, at least he killed Hitler.
I was gonna write a atomic bomb joke but it radiates and energy.
God made the world, china made the rest
I've heard so much about the "Eye Of The Tiger", but how come no one ever talks about the other four letters?
Getting karma on Reddit is a piece of cake.
Clicking Manage Cookies on fortunecookies.com was a huge disappointment
First they ignore you, then they downvote you, then they dad-joke you, then you're banned.
First they ignore you, then they downvote you, then they dad-joke you, then you're banned.
I have one girlfriend her name is Manny.
If you go to jail for tax evasion, aren't you basically living off taxes, for not paying your taxes?
To get revenge on a Mexican steal his anxiety medication for Hispanic attacks.
If covid has a mascot superhero it would be Batman.
Who knew setting a mosquito free would bite me in the ass.
The Epidemic got panned in February and became a Pandemic!
I have average intelligence but everyone else is stupid
I'm an aphid fan of little green insects.
I used to be superstitious until I found out it was unlucky.
Thought I did great my first time fishing, but it was just a fluke.
Santa Clause
Someone stole my dictionary and I'm at a loss for words
You need a PI
Don't you hate it when you clean out your freezer and find people you don't even recognize?
Hemorrhoids are a real pain in the ass.
I am an electronics engineer and all i see is Intergrated Circuits.
I ate a clock yesterday, it was very time-consuming.
Heaveno. Allow me to angelstrate why I should be this country's virtue president.
A socialist joke is only funny if everyone gets it.
I tried to rob a bank but it turns out rivers dont have any money
If you abbreviate in sign language, is it called short hand?
Catch Cheating Partner Remotely - Get the best of it
I just saw two zombies kissing...
My little cousin says that all my jokes are very punny because he can't pronounce an f
My little says all my jokes are punny because he can't pronounce an f
She said that she wasn't into middle aged guys, so I got back in my time machine and went home.
My one ambition in life is to set myself more goals.
Autocorrect and I have a love hat relationship
Now would be the best time for Obama
If the number 666 is considered evil, is 25.8069758 the root of all evil?
Apparently, a "pilot" isn't a patch of land for 3.14
I used to be a heavy drinker, but then I lost some weight
There's a rumor about butter but I won't spread it
I want to die like my grandfather did. Alseep, not like everyone else in the car screaming.
a virgin is the worst kind of sexual deviant
Marijuana farm cowboys need to get off their high horses
Crime in multi-storey car parks is wrong on so many different levels.
I'm mesmerized when people spur the invention of entirely new words
Are they still together after all these years?
Phoned the Tinnitus helpline earlier but it just kept ringing.
Catch Cheating Partner Remotely - Get the best of it
The sorriest rapper is probably from Canada
I stole all your laxatives. I shit you not.
I made a chicken salad today but the ungrateful pecker didnt even eat it!
I'm still trying to figure out where buffalo wings come from!!!
DO NOT DISTURB..
I don't know how far away my spatial awareness class is.
My wife likes to tell people our dog was fixed but I just call a spayed a spayed.
A cluster fuck sounds like an orgy where everyone gets COVID.
You know its cold when you can make snow angels in the bath.
Porn isnt that bad it prevents rape
I've got a friend who we call "A", and he's middle class.
Slightly peeved the makers of the shampoo, "Head and Shoulders" have not followed up with a body wash called, "Knees and Toes."
I changed my password to penis
Who is this Amber and why does everything get stuck in her?
If youre innocent until proven guilty, then youre only a criminal if you get caught
The guy who discovered directions was inventing new words left and right
Thanks to the guy that just told me the meaning of many it means a lot.
Can you tell that I like you or should I make it more obvious
I had the luckiest bad luck ever. I was hit by an ambulance.
Get the best of it - Social Media Hack
I used to be a life guard until this blue kid got me fired.
I was wondering how do crowded elevators smell to midgets?
Niagara sounds like the antonym of viagra. Now you know why it falls.
Almost Had me a threesome the other night, just needed two other people.
It's not that the man didn't know how to juggle, it's just that he didn't have the balls.
All odd numbers have an e in them
Saying white men cant jump is both racist and ableist
Theres no I in stupidity.
Tried thinking of a joke, all I have is my life.
Is it still French Toast if they use Italian Bread?
Happy motherfuckers day (father's day)
Teens who get pregnant are just speed runners .
I named my eraser Confidence because it gets smaller after every mistake I make.
The Tasmanian Devil has a tattoo of me on his arm
God was fired from his preaching job at our church after not showing up for thousands of years
Of the thousands of days I've lived, I have a 99.9% success rate at not being a psycho killer
I got a date, with destiny, and it aint gunna end with a kiss.
I saw a local farmer dancing today, guess he dropped the beet.
I'm taking a Chinese class, I'm guessing the room will be full of characters.
Ayy E, I owe you one. Why? Bc. ;)
I got caught stirring up trouble in chemistry class, so the teacher sent me home on a colloidal suspension
I originally thought the barber cut my hair too short, but it's growing on me.
Frankenstein entered his creation into a bodybuilding contest and soon realised that he had completely misunderstood the concept.
Bike...
The local bowling alley is closed due to a strike.
Professional Hacking Service - Dave wont disappoint you
I think I need my spine replaced, because all it does is hold me back.
My wife wanted a new car, I called the dealer, they said "Bring your wife down and we'll dicker."
They say hindsight is 2020, but I never saw this coming!
How do you survive if you can't drink until you're 21?
I scream, you scream, the police come... It's awkward.
My girlfriends dad asked me what I do, apparently your daughter wasnt the right answer
I know a guy who was pushed around as a kid; hes still in a wheelchair.
Professional Hacking Service - Dave wont disappoint you
Dad always thought that laughter was the best medicine.
Did you know that every two in one people have dissociative identity disorder?
If my wife made whiskey, Id love her still.
I love it when I'm playing Scrabble and I get to make a pun, it's just good wordplay
I have a pet crow and I really take inspiration from him to control my anger coz MICROSOFT spoken.
Had a party this past weekend. I raised the roof... But it still doesn't show me the respect that a parent deserves.
I have a Delorean but I only drive it from time to time.
ladies and gentlemenstruators
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didnt get it.
It's a joke, not a dick. Don't take it so hard.
If you want to build a boat, I Noah guy who can help.
I changed all my passwords to Kenny. Now I have all Kenny Loggins.
I can see why blue and orange are complimentary colors, they really are gray together.
I can see why blue and orange and complimentary colors, they really are gray together.
If a short person makes a deal with the Devil its called a com-pact.
There are 10 types of people: those who understand binary notation...
BDSM relationships between black girls and white guys confuse my morals. I dont kink shame but i wont stand for hate crimes.
BDSM relationships between a black girls and white guys confuse my morals. I dont kink shame but i wont stand for hate crimes.
I almost went to work for Wilson, but it was a racket.
Im like the Beatles of love making, Im half dead.
What is a gay cow's favorite sexual act?
Mathematicians stay away from alcohol because you shouldn't drink and derive.
The Nike logo was correctly designed
My boss hates it when I shorten his name to Dick, mostly because his name is Steve.
He who laughs last...
girlfriend always has a habit of calling me a pedophile, but what the fuck does an 8yr old know anyways
maybe a two liner(?)
Rick Astley will let you have any movie from his Pixar collection apart from one
Am I still necrophile if they are alive in my heart?
The inappropriate juggler will always ask you to hold his balls.
I wonder if Vampires have to teach their kids not to run with wooden stakes?
Shout out to torpedoes for getting through hardships.
I wonder what went off in Thomas Edison's head before he invented the light bulb.
Do you suppose Roman lesbians' favorite position was fifty-nine?
Lorena Bobbitt enjoys cutting people off because... Well, people are dicks!
They say that living like a hermit can give you crabs.
People have told me that I'm very doubting, but I'm not so sure.
I asked my friend what it's like living in China. All he said was "Can't complain".
My local candle shop burned down yesterday while everyone just stood outside singing, Happy Birthday.
MISSING: Palindromic number
I accidentally spilled glitter on my crotch... Pretty nuts if I do say so myself.
I took an umbrella to a baby shower.
Jewish women don't attend gatherings that celebrate pregnant women because they're not too fond of showers.
A necromancer couldn't raise the dead, so he gave the corpse up for adoption.
A wannabe necromancer gave a corpse up for adoption because he can't raise the dead.
There was a Robbery at the Hotel Recently,the Robber took out a Gun,the Security Guard took out His Phone,and the Hotel took out a trivago.
There was a robbery at the Hotel recently,The Robber took out a Gun,The Security Guard took out His Phone,and the Hotel took out trivago.
There was a robbery at the Hotel recently.
I have a split personality, said Mike, being frank
I spray my heels and toes with cologne because when I kick you in the face, I want you to smell defeat.
Tonight is Open Mike Night at my autopsy club.
There comes a time in every mans life when he must finish what he
Every homophone joke sounds the same to me.
Imagine being a giraffe and having to throw up.
I woke up feeling like shit, but decided to have cornflakes instead.
Due to less people on r/oneliners this post will probably won't get much upvotes
When you realize walkie talkies are called walkie talkies because you walkie and you talkie 
I hired Fibonacci as a personal trainer, and now I can do 89 push ups in 10 seconds.
I guess you could say a firewall is basically a .comdom
Just made the cut for the executioner apprenticeship
As a commemoration, I always stab my Caesar salad 23 times before I eat it.
I tell you I can get with no women,the other day I asked a out a Journalist,she told me I wasn't her type.
Turn your sofa into a sofa bed, just by forgetting your wife's birthday.
Even I called shot gun, I was put in the back seat by cops
Trump on the latest 5G conflict: "It's my way, or the Huawei "
Settling a disagreement with a blow job ...
I recently decided to sell my vacuum cleaner, all it was doing was gathering dust.
Someone stole my weed and now I'm feeling very dis-jointed.
As a toy manufacturer, I've always believed that only kids know what kids want, which is why I only open factories in China.
What is a gay kraken's favorite meal?
The last man to visit the gallows was well hung.
Alcohol...Because sometimes the truth needs a laxative.
I can usually tell if someone is judgemental just by looking at them.
If a judge loves the sound of his own voice, expect a long sentence.
Say what you like about the Queen but she's always on the money.
If you're obese, moonwalking applies both ways.
Prejudiced people should be shot on sight.
Since starting his diet, my son thinks everyone is out to get him - he's acting like he's got a chocolate chip on his shoulder.
If you think jalapeo seeds are spicy, imagaine how the ground feels.
I don't need fun to have alcohol.
I can see why cannibals are so angry all the time. I mean, if I was a cannibal, I'd probably be fed up with people too.
When I told my psychiatrist Ive been hearing voices in my head, she told me I dont have a psychiatrist.
I once paid a stork to deliver a black baby to my white friend. She's a lesbian.
My psychiatrist says I'm too clingy, so he prescribed me an emotional neglect dog.
Do the words complete absence of all matter mean nothing to you?
I decided to quit my job as a personal trainer because I'm not big enough or strong enough. I've handed in my too weak notice.
Getting older.
Dating
Thats what friends are for.
Porn Star
Public Service Announcement
Oh!
But I can't remember what order they go in, I have two things to say.
Spread my ashes in boiling water, so I know I will be mist.
The person who invented the robot should get the metal of honour
The last time I was inside a woman, I was visiting the Statue Of Liberty.
TAX EVASION...
Knock knock jokes should win a no bell prize
Me girlfriend thinks im a stalker well im not her girlfriend yet
I saw a dwarf climbing down a prison wall and thought that it was a little condescending
Cheesecake confuses me. It is neither cheese, or a cake, but I still like to eat it in really thin slices.
Area 51 is weird, but I'm more freaked out by Areas 1-50 because nobody talks about them.
XMAS...
I love Chernobyl I just think it's so rad
My girlfriend reminds me of Angelina Jolie in the 90s
If you think your job is strange, just imagine being a spokesperson for the mute community.
Army men don't have sex, in general
I used to work for a deckchair manufacturer but they folded.
People that actually practice for and participate in staring competitions need to take a good long look at themselves in the mirror.
People that actually participate and practice for staring competitions need to take a good long look at themselves in the mirror.
Every time I ask my doctor to check my prostate he gives me the finger
If Hitler had twitter, his bio would say 'Painter, Vegetarian and lover of dogs '
My space telescope is farsighted. It can see Jupiter, Neptune, and Pluto, but Mars is blurry.
IF you find a head on its own, the correct term for it is a "nobody".
i type in all lowercase cuz i never cap
All pillows are body pillows for midgets
Its sad that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as wild dogs.
Skeletons are always calm because nothing gets under their skin.
Communism jokes are funny when everyone gets it.
I bought some 'rocket salad' yesterday but it went off before I could eat it.
Sometimes when I get really high I like to ask myself questions, like "how the hell did I get up here?" and "how do I get down?"
Me and my wife, we love each other. Each, other.
Why is gravity the weakest of the four fundamental forces? Because it doesn't even lift.
O I'm sorry. We didn't meet the last time we met.
With the release of Universal Pictures' Fifty Shades Freed, USA now finally has Universal Adult Franchise.
If beautiful people are "eye candy", than ugly people are "eye vegetables". I'm gonna start watching ugly pornos so I don't get diabetes.
Cheap vacuum cleaners do not suck.
Jokes about Jewish people are a little bit on the nose
Using just one hand I can count 11 reasons why incest is bad.
I don't know anything about Switzerland, but I heard the flag is a big plus.
Why is it called it a paternity test and not a pop quiz?
I stipulated in my will that I be cremated while the funeral parlor organist plays "Smoke Gets in Your Eyes".
My real estate agent girlfriend and I have an open relationship. Well, she calls it "semi-detached"
If I were a Judge, I'd change my surname to Mental.
Concept of salads is weird. First you cut the veggies and then you do the dressing yourself.
Whenever I have a weak fart that sounds like fabreeze I think it should smell like it too.
When wine, women, and song start to play on a man's health; it's time to give up singing
It doesn't take much to leave an impression on me. All you gotta do is press kinda hard.
I woke up this morning and forgot which side the sun rises from, then it dawned on me.
What do you get when you combine a rhetorical question and a joke?
I don't know why they call it "cheese whiz" if it ain't even that smart.
I don't like to call it "safe sex" because I can never figure out the combination.
It's impossible to surprise a snowman because it has ice in the back of its head.
When I die, I want my head to be mounted on a wall. I also want to be animatronic, so that when people walk by I can ask them to scratch my nose.
TRUMP...
I don't understand carbon dating...I mean, who wants to have dinner in a coal mine?
Skilled Hacking services Available!
These days, if I was a statue I'd try and keep very still.
People with a foot fetish deserve to be stepped on.
I'd like to leave this world like I came into it; screaming, naked and covered in someone else's blood!
People who has a foot fetish deserve to be stepped on.
To turn a duck into a soul singer, just put it in the microwave until its bill withers
Petition to rename Repost Bots to "Karma Police."
Desperate times call for... tanks!
My wife was scolding me for being a cross dresser, so i angrily put on her clothes and left
Trump fired his IT department because he was unhappy with their antivirus.
Trees feel releaved when winter is finally over.
The Holy Grail really is the Holy Grail of grails.
Ever notice how much geese sounds like police when youre holding a beer in the park...
Is it truth that you threatened him with a lighter?
Main star injured after falling in plot hole during filming: for the authorities the situation is not clear
Main star injured after falling in plot during filming: for the authorities the situation is not clear
I've never seen the movie The Fifth Element...
A Roman walks into a bar and orders 5 beer. 
When I was a kid, Winnie the Pooh was the shit!
I farted in a full lift today which was wrong on so many levels.
My mom just told me she used to be a man, and I love that she's transparent.
I know a joke about Oedipus and Midas that's motherfucking gold!
Being quarantined sucks harder than a cheap hooker.
My biggest weakness in writing is that it comes across as pleonastic, flatulent and inflated
Unisex and homosexual sound like they should be synonyms
I feel bad for my amputee friend, so at restaurants I always pick up the check...so I can place it closer to him so it's easier to reach.
The word "Hardee's" contains very specific pronunciation instructions
Statistics say half of all marriages end in divorce, I wonder if it will be my first or second marriage..
Blind people must really hate Sees candy
I may ejaculate early, but my wife should love me despite my short cummings.
A man fell into a well because couldn't see well
If anyone starts a sentence with "This one time" you're required by law to reply "at band camp."
I took a poll the other day. It turns out 100% of people were annoyed that their tent had fallen down.
I just saw a guy jogging and I thought. That guy's going places
I just saw a guy jogging and I thought. That guys going place
Gotta admit, they had a solid plan to distract people from Epsteins death.
I phoned OK magazine, when they answered they said, "Hello." So I hung up, I must have got the wrong number.
For work, I am preparing a five hour speech on the counter productive cost of time wasting.
It's a dirty job but somebody's got to stop doing it
Your job done first, Access to any social media account
I am sick to death of fatal illness!
"Are ya winning, son?" asked King Aeolus of Thessaly.
Unlike me, self deprecation is pretty cool these days
I only have one testicle, and I'd give my left nut to prove it.
I was Just Talking to my friends in an elevator. That escalated quickly!
I'm tryna download fortnite on my shitty internet and its prolly gonna take one to download.
Boobies are the breast thing ever
If you believe in phrenology you should have your head examined.
If you believe in phrenology you need your head examined
I watched a documentary about how ships are held together. Riveting
When I found out I would never be able to talk again, I was speechless
Married hens are eggs-wives.
I used to be afraid of elevators, but Ive taken steps to avoid them
I haven't upvoted many frugality jokes, but I've saved loads
i'm bad in math but i can give you the value that u deserve
Don't always take the price of skulls at face value.
97% of the population are bad at math, it's a good thing i am one of the 4% that aren't.
A girl who is a picture of health usually has a nice frame.
If I had 50 for every math test I've failed, I'd have $7.20
Brain transplant will never be possible, change my mind!
Biden blames user interface: I thought that putting points into racism would help me fight against racism
Today is yesterday's tomorrow, and tomorrow's yesterday.
My apartment has a bipolar elevator... It has its ups and downs.
Ill stop at nothing to read half the dictionary.
Ignore H (Irony)
I have a few sex guidelines, but no hard and fast rules.
I tried entering the trampoline club, but couldnt get past the bouncer.
I'm hiring a new maid, I anticipate there'll be some sweeping changes.
Bacterial joke
Some have been celebrating Blackout Tuesday for years and decades, Bill Cosby.
Say what you will about race issues, if you're in a hurry, the black lives matter rally marches a lot faster than the white lives rally.
Fleshlights are not real handy
...
Im afraid of the trees so I leave them
Contact West for any Hacking Deal
The best thing about the wax dummy of Mark Zuckerberg in Madam Tussauds is that it doesn't have to be lifelike to be realistic
I am terrified of elevators so I am taking steps to avoid them.
I loled at this
I always find it crazy how it only takes 5 mins to walk to the pub, but 45 mins to walk home. The difference is staggering.
Yeah, I guess it was interesting to pay for a meal with my phone for the first time, but now I gotta get another phone.
Was cleaning out my attic yesterday, when I came across my old porn collection.
I truly believe in Science
I just ordered the Where's Waldo? audiobook
All this math practicing has really done a number on me.
Phrenology is lowbrow
Have you ever took a deep dive underwater and said, damn, thats breathtaking
LeAnn Rimes eulogized How Do I Breathe? Without You!
I've just been asked to bury the world's fattest man which is a massive undertaking.
I cant breathe
Skilled Services, Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal.
It does not count as getting high on life just cuz a weed plant is alive
My wife was furious with me today because I put a stick in a non-stick pan.
Hindsight is 2020.
Im art motherfucker dont touch me.
Putting pickles in potato salad is the surefire, Vlasic way of Claussen an argument.
When I grow up I want to be a midget
2020.
The most confusing time to suddenly go deaf would be during a moment of silence. Youd be like Wow, is this going to last forever?
If you don't like the noises I make during sex, go find yourself another livestock auction!
They say in the entertainment industry you should never work with children or animals, but this mainly applies to pornography.
Ever since the 2016 election, everybody's been talking about the Alt Right. But nobody ever says anything about the Ctrl Shift Left.
I parked my car next to a sketchy Nascar track and all my tires were stolen in 2 seconds.
My petite yoga instructor said shes a little behind in her lessons.
Ill tell you what always catches my eye...
The couple across the road are making a sex tape...
I took a laxative with some holy water because I'm about to start a religious movement.
I went for a heart replacement operation yesterday, that really changed my heart
Tossing a clock is a great way to make time fly
They say it never hurts to be too careful, unless you are carefully planning a terrorist attack.
They say your girlfriend should be the yang to your yin; I think she should be a bang for your buck!
At least the protesters are respectful enough to wear masks these days.
Say what you like about waiters, but I think they bring a lot to the table.
I tried flirting with the cute girl who works in the Internet cafe but I was unable to connect with the server
I accidentally left my phone in the freezer once, the amount of cold calls I got was ridiculous!
Let's 3/4 of everyone majority vote that the other 1/4 has to give us most of their money and call them the third world
I had an out of body experience on shrooms, I was beside myself
I want to go one live island, look at the girls there and just looks say nah and turn around.
A dyslexic, agnostic insomniac lays awake all night wondering if there really is a dog.
I'm sorry you're going to die someday but if I could live 1 year less so you get 1 more, I wouldn't, and actually I'm sorry I can't take your years for myself
Just tried to log into a website and got told to tick the box to prove that I am not a robot...by a robot.
Skilled service, Dont hesitate if this is necessary.
I cant wait until I have patients.
Eminems music is good but I cant hear it properly because of the guy whos always talking over it.
A band of pedophiles only play in the scale F Minor.
If youre the guy who keeps saying well it cant get much worse could you please stop. Youre jinxing us.
It is the Christmas of ghosts past.
My guide dog doesn't trust me, I can tell by the look in his eye.
I am the casualty of the casual.
Charles Dickens walks into a bar and orders a martini and the bartender asks, Olive or twist?
You cant spell Serbia without rabies...
It's been proven that the police kneed black folk more than black folk kneed the police.
The protesters that are sticking their necks out for the police need to shake a leg before exercising their riots, to avoid going out on a limb.
What is the other 98% made of if it is only 2% milk?
Don't agree with things falling to the ground when dropped so I guess I'm Anti-gravity
When I asked the hotel receptionist for a wake-up call, she called back and said, What the hell are you doing with your life?!
Shit would hit the fan if the Bible had said... Thou shalt not kill or lock people up in cages
I injured myself measuring radio frequencies yesterday. It still hertz.
Congratulations to the astronauts who left Earth today.
The reason I refused to believe I was gay and dyslexic must have been because I was in Daniel.
If I had a dollar for every time someone over 40 told me my generation sucks, then I could afford a house in the economy they ruined.
I can't watch the news without laughing, it's been a real riot lately.
My marionette strips on the weekends, no strings attached.
Diarrhea is such a pain in the ass
I picked up some hoes at Home Depot but it turns out they only cut grass
We need to give massive props to the actor who played Hagrid, hed probably struggle with smaller ones.
To ensure equal representation, Joe Biden promises to choose a sane person as his running mate
Pufferfish must be Islamic because they blow themselves up.
if i buy my sex robot a strap on can i program it to jpeg me
Canada is planning a mission to the moon. We're calling it the Apollo-G.
My friends bakery caught fire and burned to the ground last night, now his business is toast.
Ive been off my OCD meds for 7 months, 12 days, 3 hours and 52 minutes
With all the oranges that Florida produces for export, none come back...except Trump.
Ive been off my OCD meds for 6 months, 4 days, 7 hours and 19 minutes
I wish I didnt just step in dog shit, and the genie granted my wish, and thats why you never saw the shit and my shoe is so clean look at it
Every vessel in the naval fleet of Sweden is barcoded and when the ships return to port they Scandinavian
I just realized, shotguns are so widespread.
I just heard an ear-piercing scream from the body modification shop.
Every organ can be a sex organ, if you have enough lube.
I hate the bread! They're cereal killers.
I believe in myself, which is why I will never repeat my name three times in front of a mirror
I think Im traumatised from childhood because my parents used to constantly beat me...
I think Im traumatised from childhood because my parents used to constantly beat me..
The Lego stores have finally reopened and people are lined up for blocks.
If having sex for money makes you a whore, then does having sex for free make you a non-profit whoreganisation?
I modified a chess set for large-billed birds, so toucan play that game.
Vietnamese restaurant, open Twenty-Pho-Seven
I'm a dog person cuz of how I sniff people
Nobody seems to care about Coke, as theyre always asking is Pepsi OK?
When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down.
My body only fights off illness on Saturday and Sunday because I have a weekend immune system.
witty wetty
I'm a pastor AND stand-up comedian because I'm trained in puntification.
Albino stick figures are invisible.
Does Twitters fact checker get pinged every time someone tweets that Caitlyn Jenner is a beautiful women?
Im gonna do a clean shave downstairs so Im presentable for when my exams fuck me into oblivion.
As a wheat farmer, I keep having these strange headaches, but my doctor said it's just my grains.
The next person to say I have anger issues will have their neck snapped.
My mean brother always tore the last pages of my comic books and never told me why, so I had to draw my own conclusions.
Pendrives are the whores of the technical world
Being born is like dropping out of college during your 3rd trimester.
technically until the bottoms of your feet are dry you cant walk without walking on water
This sub has really gone downhill. Now its full of two-liners.
video of man driving in reverse through an empty traffic intersection found to be completely legal maneuver filmed in reverse
A guy asked if I knew where he could find some hair; I said, "Sorry, not off the top of my head."
Recommending that people should chill their salad is just the tip of the iceberg.
Recommending people should chill their salad is just the tip of the iceberg.
My friend overdosed on weight loss pills. He just, vanished.
Access into any Social Media Account (Terms Applied)
Christians are so messy, they even managed to stain their windows.
It's tough to be an interracial couple. You are either hated or a porn category.
When I told my doctor that all five of my boys want to be valets when they grow up, he said it's the worst case of parking son's disease he's ever seen.
Tried to tell a joke about mountains, but it didn't go how upland.
The world was a better place when Tik Tok was just a song by Kesha
Christians are messy people. Name another group that manages to stain their windows.
you might be bat shit crazy but at least you dont eat bat meat
There I was, sitting naked in a beanbag chair, eating ice cream and donuts, watching a movie, just minding my own business and here comes the Walmart manager telling me that I have to 'Leave the store'. So rude.
The farmer couldn't help but laugh as he dropped his basket coming back from the coop; looks like the yolk was on him.
I once said nada to my Spanish family but they didn't care, I guess it meant nothing.
Isis huge in Antarctica
A man with a severe ejaculation problem comes out of nowhere
Taking pictures in a vacation really makes it an unforgettable experience
Taking pictures in a vacation makes it really unforgettable
A midget and a dwarf have very little in common.
Reincarnation into an adult body keeping your memories would be a great way to rob a bank
People who believe god can move faster than light, what equal-and-opposite-force hits him just before he does?
The thing about escalators is that if they break they are still stairs.
Why is there so much month left at the end of my money?
Nothing starts with an n and ends in a g
With the pandemic people are dirty and infectious were not supposed to touch them, cash always has been... worth it.
Adults sadly often cheat on their spouses but those who don't are adulterer.
I cant stand being in a wheelchair
I find it strange how everyone suddenly cares about straws killing dolphins, because they've been breaking camels' backs for years.
Someone ripped a bunch of pages out of both ends of my dictionary, so now it just goes from bad to worse.
Hate is a strong word, its stronger without the H........ I Hate you  I ate you  
What did they call roadrunners before they had roads?
Cricket is like a religion to me
The girl I went out with got super turned off because at the end of our date I left a $1.75 tip
Paper is tearable
What do you call twins who are yet to be born?
Just left my grandmothers funeral they were playing stayin alive.
I go to a number of gyms (and that number is 0)
What's up my negroes I'm going in for corrective surgery
I dropped everything to become a juggler.
I make dandruff from scratch.
Remember when we went to the Gaslight Club?
TIL what TIL means.
I don't know where the fertilizer place got these bananas but they taste like shit
Girls with ADHD ESPECIALLY want a Knight in Shining Armor.
Astonishing is an amazing synonym.
I created a model of mount Everest, but it's not to scale. It's only to look at.
Contact Jack for any Hacking Deal (Professional Hacker for Hire)
Zebras are just colorless horse
A hungry bird will always succeed.
A dietary study on Parkinson's said to cut down on shakes.
There are 10 kinds of quantum people in the world, those who understand binary and those who understand binary
Today my teacher yelled at us for being too loud
You've got to hand it to relay runners
Ordered fertilizer but they delivered fruit - this shit is bananas!
When I was a kid, my parents used to make me walk the plank because we couldn't afford a dog.
Instagram is releasing....
If youre saying no to drugs, youre probably already high.
Papers published by marine biologists are pier-reviewed.
The term for a chronic fear of giants is FeeFiPhobia.
When Johnny asks you what a cobblestone and a stick make.
You can't spell advertisements without semen between the tits.
Solo bag covering the inside of a trash can
If two transvestites get in a car accident, is that considered a gender bender?
In college, my brother took graphic design. And drugs.
I'm sorry I keep posting about the fertilizer business, but I'm depressed and really struggling with all of this shit
To get new fertilizer I have to wait till the fucking cows come home to deal with this shit
When I won the Nobel prize for inventing cloning, I was beside myself.
"Bringing home the bacon" is something a muslim man would never do.
Die in debt, lots of debt, its the only way you get to take your money with you.
I heard that people from Taiwan are impatient and aggressive because they have a Taipei personality.
Mane
I'd tell you about astronomy, but it's way over your head.
So bad at math when I asked what's 3 times 4 they said 12 donuts.
There will be no dictatorships because I said so
Guess what? I came up with a new word, Plagiarism.
They say dogs are mans best friend, but even my worst enemy wouldnt look me in the eye while pooping on my carpet.
My doctor wrote me a prescription for dailysex, but my girlfriend insists it's for dyslexia.
I upgraded my resume from "tending a small garden" to "plant manager".
All I'm asking for is for you to ignore me just a little bit. A petiteshun, if you will
You want my comeback? You'll have to scrape it off your mom's teeth!
Worst pickup line ever: Hey baby, you look extra sexy in that mask.
I am the most modest person in existence
I believe a lot of conflict in the Wild West could have been avoided completely if cowboy architects had just made their towns big enough for everyone.
I visited my friend at his new house. He told me to make myself at home, so I threw him out. I hate having visitors.
I love to crack a cold one while commiting necrophilia.
Corona virus seems to have created a situation like Heisenberg's uncertainty principle- you can either have corona spreading momentum or you can isolate it at its location
North Korea was well prepared for pandemic, they have been in a lockdown since 70 years
This lockdown has taught me remote work since I have bever spent as much time fiddling with television remote
I spent all of my week with changing channels with television remote but gor a rude shock when I was told that doesn't count as remote work
Astronauts at international space station are the one's legitimately "remote" working
If you're sexually active with your partner that supports you despite not loving them, you're basically a long term prostitute.
If sexually active and financially supported despite not loving their partner, said type of spouse is basically a long term prostitute.
IVE NEVER FUCKED ANYONE HARDER THAN YOUR MOM.
I asked a pretty, young homeless woman if I could take her home. She smiled at me and said yes. The look on her face soon changed, however, when I walked off with her cardboard box.
One man's trash is another man's treasure. Wonderful saying, horrible way to find out you were adopted
I was shot more than 200 times with an upholstery gun - but now Im fully recovered.
My colleagues think that I am the most disagreeing person but I don't think I am
I asked myself if my wife was ashamed of my body and a tiny part of me said yes.
the only thing i hate more than misogyny is women
Something that is unfair to all, is fair in itself
I almost had a psychic girlfriend, but she left me before we met.
Never argue with a fictional character. Their minds are completely made up
Dinner was delicious this evening; those Korean meatballs really were the dogs bollocks
My therapist told me my narcissism causes me to misread social situations, but Im pretty sure she was hitting on me.
How did we have a mask shortage without running out of rubber bands and Yamahas?
Sleeping with The Little Mermaid is like having the sex version of a Surf&amp;Turf
Update: The fertilizer company needs an infomercial spot so that's just gonna be a shitshow
Everybody smokes, when you set them on fire.
Ceiling Fan One Liners
Resume tip: Disney++ is not a real programming language
I got punched in the mouth by a crazed drug addict today and now my jaws all methed up.
I feel vaguely ambivalent about my job at the NSA, but I can't really say why.
Don't try hiding the sun with a finger. You may get burnt.
It's hard to face your problems when your problem is your face.
In light of plummeting oil prices, Exxon Mobil plans to lay off several members of Congress.
I was hired to grow this fertilizer company and I've got this shit in the bag!
What's a mailman's favorite genre of music? Post rock.
a zen monk saw the face of Jesus in a margarine tub and proclaimed, I can't believe its not Buddha!
NUANCE!!!
im pqm
im poor quality meat
I got one
It's called "the mall" because instead of going to one store you go "them all"
I'd rather have my kids into drugs than lip-syncing on tiktok.
Big Ben's guards look so tired because theyre always working around the clock.
They finally figured out the whole universe is dangerous and quarantined it
In high school some kids told me theyd give me $20 to hang out with them. but it turns out it was just clique bait.
Sarcasm is like food, not everyone gets it
When I married my wife, I was also marrying my best friend. Which, it turns out, is illegal.
Nine times out of ten I notice when someone is missing a digit.
I say no to Alcohol, it just doesnt listen.
I can never remember what chloroform smells like
I steal candy bars using sleight of hand so you could say I have a few Twix up my sleeve.
Maybe God created Coronavirus so that you finally stop touching yourself.
Every year dozens of kids are sent off to mime school, never to be heard from again
Ugly people be like "This mask shit is great!"
I wish my ex could look down from heaven and see me now, but nooooooo, the mother fucker is still alive!!
My wife and I decided we don't want children, if anyone else does want children, we'll drop them off tomorrow.
We broke into the donkey farm but the owners kicked us out for playing with their ass
I bought a fountain pen - every time I try to use it a load of water squirts out.
I don't know what it is about skydiving instructors but, I'm always falling for them.
Statistically, 9 out of 10 people enjoy gang rape.
I went to see the play the horse whisperer, couldn't hear a damn thing.
How do we stop brainstorming?
Anyone know a good cannibal cookbook that won't make me throw up my hands?
Money can buy happiness but the price keeps doubling the happier you are
I told my doctor I haven't pooed in months but he thinks I'm full of shit
I think my homosexual friends aren't thinking straight
Being an overweight fatso, I have enough on my plate already.
Now that my neighbor gave me a basketball, I can work on my free throws.
My bomb diffusal classes cost me an arm and a leg
My bomb diffusal course cost me an arm and a leg
If Brad Pitt's dog defecated on the ground, would it be a Brad pittbull shit?
Being an overweight fatso like me, it's always awkward when you need a new jacket and have to say, "I'd like a BigMac please." and you ain't even in McDonalds
Being overweight, it's always awkward when I go to a jacket shop and say, "I'd like a BigMac please"
I realised I messed up when I spent my entire life savings on a gold plated automated hot drinks machine; looks like I just have to wake up and smell the coffee
I should have snorted more that time I got arrested for, "driving with excess speed"
I could never wipe my bum properly until I bought a small bathroom mirror - now I can see that the ass is always cleaner on the other side
I could never wipe my bum properly until I bought a small bathroom mirror - now I can see that the ass is cleaner on the other side
My friend likes windmills so much that he turned into one - he's a huge fan
If I had a dollar for every 100 times I took a crap, i'd be breakeven at spending a penny
Having pi-polar disorder makes me cry with laughter sometimes
I wrote my final University thesis on "Calmest type of wind", it was a breeze
To make a real sponge cake, you have to borrow all the ingredients.
The thing about incest is some people like it, some people dont, but its all relative.
I have a pet spider that keeps saying, "tubular!", "Radical man!" - I guess he likes surfing the web
Manicures for men is a nail biting experience
If a stitch in time saves nine, you are probably bursting at the seams.
i wonder if the guy who can up with one-hit wonder came up with anything else
Being a professional sky diver really has its ups and downs.
Deaf-mutes should be jailed for showing gang signs all the time.
Deaf and mutes should be jailed for showing gang signs all the time...
About 5 out of 4 people are bad at fractions.
About 5 out of 40 people are bad at fractions.
Ahh steak puns, thats a rare medium well done
A sod farmer walks into a bar and the bartender asks "why the lawn face?"
Never surrender to onions.
Breaking a leg during an audition ensures that you will end up in the cast.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
Show me a camera truck and I'll show you a reel drive by shooting.
The best therapists don't have any patients
How Long is a Chinese man's name..
The thing about most people is that they're Chinese.
Where theres a will, theres a wake.
Once I saw a truck sign which said "Truck Drivers wanted. Over 2000lbs" And I thought, where can they even find such heavy drivers?...
if nothing is impossible then how am i doing nothing nowadays
Never been a fan of lollipop ladies, they make me cross.
If you cut off your left arm, then your right arm will be left.
Ate a clock today, it was very time consuming.
pollution has reduced so much that i can now see my nonexistent gf as well
Dumb Alex way more funner than smart Alex
Aspiring pianists often pick up piano without any consideration for how heavy they are
Asked the surgeon out after they failed my operation, they just weren't into me.
My wifes sister was lonely and fell on hard times, so I invited her to live with us and I think it was rather bigamy.
Advice from a professional counterfeiter to his apprentice: Make it till you fake it
You will take a vow of silence on silent letters or people will nag you until you do
An orphan's family photo is called a selfie.
Spilling Parmesan all over my laptop gives a whole new meaning to Mac 'n Cheese.
Just signed my will which is a dead giveaway.
I wasnt sure if I would like having a beard but eventually it grew on me.
Next time someone offers me pineapple juice, cranberry juice, orange juice and apple juice in the same glass is gunna get a punch
Movies
Life is a race, but I am fat :(
1 in 123326 people like untrustworthy surveys.
Not impressed with this wildlife calendar...
Internet killed the video star.
Frozen contact lenses are supposedly attractive, but I find them to be a bit hard on the eyes.
The person who proofread Hitler's speeches was a grammar Nazi.
Do islamic fundamentalist sex dolls blow themselves up?
During lockdown, please don't crack jokes about unemployment as they just don't work.
If life gives you melons, you may be dyslexic.
Not only do I revel in watching "Tiger King", I Baskin it.
It's hard being a single mother, especially when you're a teenage male.
They reduced the murder charge to assault when he came back as a zombie
I met a drunk ventriloquist who said she wanted to sleep with me but I didn't know whether it was her or the beer talking.
What do you do when reading the Cliff Notes take too long?
Someone stole my glasses by the bridge
Due to the quarantine - Ill only be telling inside jokes.
When I won the worlds best doppelgnger competition I was beside myself
It really goes without saying,
My favorite drink is Whiskey on the rock bottom. This is why I drink to begin with.
What do you call a bunch of Polish guys in the middle of the desert?
People say I should drink responsibly, but responsibilities are why I drink
Garden centers can't reopen fast enough for me, I've been living on borrowed thyme.
Some people have trouble sleeping, but I can do it with my eyes closed.
A dyslexic man walks into a bra
rice be like people, the brown ones have way more flavor and culture than the white ones
Hole up
Do NOT open any emails from Hormel Foods - It might be SPAM
I don't believe in superstitions, it brings bad luck.
Life is like a box of chocolates, it all turns to shit in the end...
Turning vegan would be big missed steak...
I used to work in a Greek Brothel. There were a lot of pros and Cons.
I once overdosed on viagra, It was a very hard time for me.
I wanted to make sure my wife woke up with a BIG SMILE on her face this morning, and now I'm not allowed to have Sharpie markers in the house anymore.
Opinions are like assholes. If you say you dont have one, I assume you are full of shit.
The cross-eyed teacher had a hard time because he couldnt control his pupils
It's really a shame that Gene Hackman didn't go into DNA splicing
Belgian Waffles are my alter Eggo
Just realised Nothing starts with N and ends with G
Imagine you're a centipede and your feet fell asleep.
I'm pretty sure somebody hid the final paragraph of my essay on a shelf I can't reach, but I don't want to jump to conclusions.
Is a snake that's exactly 3.14 metres in length considered a thon?
Contact Jack for any Hacking Deal (Expose any cheating partner)
If our President was a Muppet; he would be, a Trumpet.
If I lift a pack of Coca-Cola over my head all day every day, that would be soda pressing.
Netflix just recommended that I watch what I eat.
My one ambition in life is to set myself more goals.
You can't wear a necklace if you're neckless
My tailor told me I was a 'Mark F'. I asked 'What size is a Mark F?' He said 'One size bigger than a Marquee...'
There's a quantum observation theory where only police have consciousness called cop didn't see it I didn't do it
I wonder if the arachnophobia support group has a web site.
I'm so anxious I'll just think about it
I taught a wolf to meditate... Now it's aware wolf.
The city that has had the hardest time with the stay at home order is Mobile, AL.
People who rob jewelry stores and banks are pretty bad, but people who rob bakeries, really take the cake.
Is having a kitchen sink on a ship a bad thing?
Some people say that firefighters deserve more money, but apparently a poll was taken and they all fell through a hole in the floor.
NyQuil is coming out with a heartburn medicine called milk of amnesia
I love drinking Vodka and LaCroix on the roix
My stomach is flat, the "L" is just silent.
I came up with a oneliner when doing my eyeliners...
An April shower brings a May flower, and a Mayflower brings... Pilgrims.
You can't commit suicide before your last meal
Would like to share my oneliner about the tropical birds who got stuck together, but it's toucan fusing.
Pedophiles dont win races, they always like to come in a little behind
People who drink caffeinated drinks late on, how do you sleep at night?
A suicide bomber blew himself up in a Pakistani market... I bet he doesn't have the guts to do it again.
My friend told me he had a goose problem, I told him I'd take a gander at it.
When a chicken's egg is being layed, does it have a bird's thigh view?
You think you could drown in a pool of liquid oxygen?
I pissed on a man who called me a dog. He looked surprised.
Bring me the elastic.. and make it snappy!!
I call my creepy wind chimes, "stranger tings."
My Gf wanted me to buy a book about positive thinking, told her this book is never gonna work.
The difference between a house fly and a horse fly: u know there r only one...
1643, the cold air baloon is invented, but it doesn't really take off.
I have a brilliant memory, literally can't even remember the last time I forgot anyth... Wtf was I talking about?
It used to be that birthday cake was the ultimate food because you could blow and spit all over and everyone still wanted a piece.
I got thousands of letters delivered to my house today because I ordered a dictionary from Ikea.
Thank God Im an atheist
Have you heard the one about the constipated cannabal? He said "Man I wish Trump would enforce the social distancing, my asshole certainly has more than 10 people by now."
You're under arrest for noisy sex ...
I saw an ad saying Radio for Sale, $1, Volume Stuck on Full and thought... I cant turn that down.
My twin brother called me from prison and said, So you know how we always finish each others sentences?
A group of gold diggers walk into a bar The bartender said sorry, we dont serve miners.
On Mars, there's roughly one vending machine for every person living there
Rumors about himself and the consul's wife nearly got Spartacus fired, but in the end he was still gladiator.
When one door closes and another one opens, you are probably in prison
It's kind of sad cross eyed people never looked forward to anything.
Im not gonna lie, Im pretty good at telling the truth.
As a diaper soiler, I was an agent of change.
Everyone at the meeting said they weren't really feeling the holographic braille concept
If you look between the Y and I keys on your keyboard, there's something awesome...
There should be a Gentlemans club called A Place In France.
If someone is 10% Polish, does that make them a tad pole?
May the froth be with you. Cheers.
The friends I like to eat with are my tastebuds.
Grapes are great, but wine is de vine.
To find out what kind of day Im going to have, I read my wifes horoscope.
If one uses stimulus funds to buy baby chickens, does that mean we got money for nothing and our chicks for free?
I have obtained the j
A perfectionist walks into a bar...apparently, the bar wasn't set high enough
Frozone is pretty much black Elsa
This pandemic enforced lockdown means the radiology department at the local hospital is functioning on skeleton staff
Some of my friends have been making very hurtful remarks about my choosing to wear mittens rather than gloves, but I don't like to point fingers.
The only thing flat earthers have to fear is sphere itself.
Farts are just the ghosts of the things we have eaten.
Sorry for not getting that done on time but the universe is infinite so there's infinity other things I should probably divide my time between
I once swallowed a dictionary and it gave me thesaurus throat Ive ever had.
One saggy breast said to the other: we better get some support or people will think were nuts.
I didnt want a brain transplant but they changed my mind
My brother lost his left arm and leg in a car accident.. actually he is my half brother. He's all right now.
The hypnotist I met during my health sessions was really charming!
People in Athens dread the sunrise, because Dawn is tough on Greece.
Contact Jack for any Hacking Deal (Your Job done first)
One day Canada will take over the world, then you'll all be sorry.
What did Old Macdonald say during his otaku phase?
I taught my dog how to shake... His martinis are excellent now.
I've always loved UNIX, but I'd hate to be one.
What you put in you, becomes you
I used to enjoy reviving old memes, but then i took an arrow to the knee.
If there's one thing I learned from this pandemic, it is how to spell the word pandemic.
When you have a stutter, nothing is easier said than done.
Would 100 rabbits lined up single file and marching backwards qualify as a receding hare line?
People these days just say any old shit and attribute it to a quote in The Bible - Leviticus 8:12
If I ever meet the lazy jerk who wrote the dictionary, I'll really have some words for him
Every time I ask someone what the acronym LGBTQ stands for, I can never get a straight answer.
Someone has to let the other win sometimes
I put root beer in a square mug, and now I have beer.
We call childbirth delivery but wouldn't it be far better to say takeout?
I just boiled the hell out of a pot of tap water - now I have holy water.
Bleach is the perfect solution to Covid-19, on the surface.
Who says you need water to feel drowned?
Muslim Feminists would make more progress if they werent always getting stoned.
Apparently, theres an ate foot shark on the loose in Australia.
I backed out of bullfighting school when I started seeing too many red flags
If sex is a pain in the ass, then youre doing it wrong
All the villagers hail him for suing their clothes because he is The Loin King
You cant spell subtext without buttsex
I don't know who needs to hear this, but I can't read it out loud.
Willie Nelson just got injured playing On The Road Again.
Uncircumcised men are complete dicks.
Is anyone else having trouble uploading nudes to Christian Mingle?
After all this time of getting fucked by the government, I got a $1200 stimulus check.
I've been quarantine for so long...
Trying not to cough in front of my roommates
I bet one business that's doing fine right now is
Maybe Kim Jong-un isn't dead,
When I was a kid, my dad saw a sign in a nice neighborhood that said, "Drive Like Your Kids Live Here,"...
Even caterpillars give people butterflies
A termite walks into a pub and asks is the bar tender here?
If I had to describe myself in one word, it would be doesnt follow directions.
Took the dog for a walk with poo bags. The wife hates that nickname.
There are two kinds of people in this world, those who finish what they started and those
I sleep better naked. Why cant the flight attendant understand this?
Man, them caterpillars got a foot fetish.
Next time someone offers me pineapple juice, apple juice, cranberry juice and orange juice in the same glass is gunna get a punch
I like what mechanics wear, overall.
My nerdy friend just got a PhD on the history of palindromes, so now we call him Dr Awkward.
Shaking hands at the epilepsy convention took forever!
Shaking hands with people at the epilepsy convention too forever.
Do you have issues with any cheating partner, Get the best of it.
Do you think The Devil Went Down to Georgia
COVID reminds me a lot of my ex,
One should always have a servant's heart.
Did you know the saying "to work up an appetite" originated from back when people would become hungry as the result of physical labor AND THEN consume food? Wow, the more you know!
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder; ask the Three Fates.
Having no fear of skunks really stinks
If I could be any super hero, I would be Aluminum Man and my super power would be foiling crime.
Anal intercourses are for assholes.
As a wheat farmer, I keep having these strange headaches, but my doctor insists it's just my grains.
You hear about that guy who lost the whole left side of his body? He's all right now.
There's too much hate around here so let's give it to foreigners
There are two kinds of people that shit the bed. Those that do, and those who only dream about it.
one day racism will be ended by everyones skin becomes a computer screen so you could look like a zebra or bear fur so until then you are walking around with alot of dead pixels
I turned up to what was supposed to be a vegan gathering, but there was no meet.
I dont like to call it death, I prefer to call it the ultimate lie in
Ever since they legalized marijuana I've been chronically late to work sometimes.
I hate to admit but writing felt easy with a broken heart.
I went to my garage to inventory my sports equipment, and saw some scumbag had stolen my limbo stick... really, how low can you go?!?!
Legoshi got pulled in the rabbit hole
I'm so terrified of big jungle cats that they make me puma pants.
I don't think I've ever cleaned my bathroom mirror which reflects badly on me.
People call me a hypochondriac, which really hurts.
Not sure if the world is ready for ejaculating clocks but I guess we'll know when the time comes.
I called a guy an Indian giver, but he didnt like it, so I had to take it back.
The Dancing Raisins were the sultanas of swing.
When youre in California, make sure your mechanic uses a state flag to check your oil, then youll get a Super Cali-Flagger Dipstick Expert Diagnosis.
I tested positive for optimism.
Being ambiguous is only interesting when it isn't.
Did i already share my Deja Vu oneliner?
Yesterday I took a dehumidifier into a sauna, just to see which one would win.
I find that ducks opinion of me is very much influenced by whether or not I have bread.
Shoutout drugs for winning the war on drugs
Whenever I asked my boss to give me a break, he would break my leg.
My thesaurus spontaneously combusted today and there are no words to describe how I feel.
My thesaurus spontaneousy combusted today and there are no words to describe how I feel.
Killing people just by being next to them is the best and worst super power ever.
I failed math in school so many times, I can't even count.
I failed math in school so may times, I can't even count.
When I die, Id like the word "Humble" to be written on my statue.
I met a nervous javelin thrower named Shakespeare.
Just a long shot, but has anyone got a trebuchet ?
Yo who's Amber?
My wife and kids got really upset that I put Ginger in the curry... They really loved that cat.
My wife has been nagging me so much recently, I've considered purposely making myself deaf... But I know I'd never hear the end of it
I bought a chicken to make sandwiches, but it only walks around pooping on my floor.
I bought my wife a cucumber yesterday, shes done nothing but moan ever since.
I wish to have so much money that I can live unemployed in a cardboard box under a bridge for a year any time I want without also losing my house
Ive been charged with murder for killing a man with sandpaper, but to be honest, I only intended to rough him up a bit.
My grandfather has a heart of a lion, and a lifetime ban from the local zoo!
My wife wanted to brighten up the garden, so I planted some bulbs
Treating HPV cost more than a new grill. Im gettin diamonds in my teeth!
Treating HPV costs more than a new grill. Im gettiin diamonds in my teeth!
When I was a kid my fairy godmother asked if I wanted a long penis or a long memory. I forget my response.
Do you ever clean your toothbrush with your paste and then use the brush and paste to clean your teeth?
I just heard a woodpecker call me a paranoid twat, in Morse Code.
When I was kid I went to church and I was told Jesus could walk on water and I thought, wow, I bet he'd make one hell of a hockey player.
I recently discovered the movie Blood Diamond, a real hidden gem.
I used to wonder where the sun went at night, then it dawned on me
Hand sanitizer
Do I enjoy making courthouse jokes?
Orion's Belt is a waist of space.
I bought a toilet brush yesterday, but I gotta say, I still prefer toilet paper.
Women worked hard for rights... Now they're always right
There are 3 types of people in this world, those that can count and those that cant
Hope is only feeling that can stop someone from doing great things or motivate them to do great things.
This week so far: 1) Oil price went negative 2) Kim Jong-un rumoured dead 3) Bill gates portrayed as satan by the internet What next? Putin joining the power rangers?
I shot my first turkey today... Scared everyone else in the frozen food section in the process.
I was so excited to see the new Porsche I put a deposit on it.
My blow up doll might not be pretty, but she always takes my breath away
Astronomers called it Saturn as it has a nice ring to it
I thought I won the argument with my wife as to how to arrange the dining room furniture, but when I got home, the tables were turned.
I cant stand initialisms, I hate everything they stand for.
Did you know 7/5 of people struggle with fractions
wasp is just a prosperous bee
For the past ten years I've had a memory foam mattress constantly reminding me the general shape of my ex-girlfriends.
I can never remember the number after three, Im really fourgetful.
With everyone sitting around doing nothing all day, covid isn't the only curve thats flattening.
For once in my life, I'd like to get up in the morning and be as excited about it as my penis
I will take 'Same Stuff / Different Day' category for $1200.00, Alex
In movies, there's always that one exhausted guy who has to work around the clock.
People who say 'new normal' havent been normal since they were new.
Police are working tirelessly to catch the local wheel thief.
When I was young, I used to think earwigs actually lived in your ears, so you can imagine how terrified I was of cockroaches.
I agreed when my mom called me a son of a bitch.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
I'm starting a group for people who love a great bacon, lettuce and tomato sandwich called the GBLT
Get the best of it
I would kill for a Nobel peace prize.
My suicide note's gonna read: I think I'm starting to get the hang of this.
Lets flatten the curve..
I just received devastating news that I have HIV, but I'm staying positive.
Grammar jokes, passive voice and a lack of oxford commas are things disliked by me.
In protest of these ridiculous lockdowns, I'm not having my hair cut until the lockdown is lifted!
Sweet potatoes are my Yam
If Watson isnt the most famous doctor in the world, then Who is.
I recently represented U2 in court, my defense was pro Bono.
TIL if you put a duck in a cement mixer, you'll get quacks in the pavement.
Nobody will stop you from buying your own terminator since until he holds a gun he's just a robot
I'm in this bitch like a zoophile
My mind doesn't run circles but instead takes a much slower elliptical route.
What's the best thing about being a schizophrenic .. it turns a wank into an orgy
With everyone in lockdown, cases of Stuckhome syndrome are significantly increasing.
Started from the bottom now we still at the bottom
Cleaning with alcohol is very effective, but I seem to get nothing done after that first bottle.
2/3 research experts love misleading results.
TIL nurses carry red crayons in case they have to draw blood.
The last thing my grandfather said before he died was Pints, Liters, Gallons which spoke volumes.
Ive been pretty successful using cardboard to line my one.
4/20 is also Hitler's birthday. So be careful what party you go to.
I wish they made face masks that didnt smell like bad breath.
If any of you are hiding a COVID-19 diagnosis, cough it up.
Abbreviation's a pretty long word.
I want to go buy a Vietnamese sandwich but they bnh m from going outside
Does anybody know if it's safe to dye your pubes? It's a bit of a grey area.
There's a fine line between public and pubic
Me: deflects a ghast fireball aimed at my face in Minecraft
The lazy terminator goes back in time to convince Sarah Connor to have an abortion
Most people are shocked when they find out how incompetent I am as an electrician.
Im not racist my drug dealer is black.
A Buddhist walked up to a hot dog vendor in New York City and said "make me one with everything".
If lawyers are disbarred and priests are defrocked, then are electricians delighted?
In 2020 everything became clear
Pickup lines don't have the charm that you do
i love this subreddit
What takes up 18 parking spaces? 9 women drivers
Disney owns Star Wars, Marvel, Indiana Jones, Disney World, The Simpsons and if they acquire my parents divorce, they will own my entire childhood.
I've got 5g in my bathroom, not the internet but a spinning toilet with that much G-force to get the poop out fast
My local bakery have started opening currant accounts
Movies are so bad these days that the average movie is below average.
I used to be a member of the secret cooking society but they kicked me out for spilling the beans.
What do you call a black archeologist?
Deja Poo... The stinking feeling youve heard this poop before.
So it turns out that every office is NSFW now
When I finally met my long-lost twin I was beside myself.
Get the best of it
If you worry about dying alone, become a pilot.
Why don't you take a little time out of whatever you're doing this afternoon to go fuck yourself.
What does a cannibal see in a wealthy buisness man? Fine dining
Now that I've lived during the time of plague, I totally get why most Italian Renaissance paintings are just people layin around with their tits
The Trump administration reminds me of the show Borgia with John Doman.
It was a rare moment when the cannibal said I'm done.
The best way to carve wood is whittle by whittle.
When I saw my sister crying, I asked, "Are you having a crisis?"
Does gravity truly exist or does the Earth just suck?
Gonorrhea would have been a great name for diarrhea medicine.
Have you seen the clown that hides from gay people at the mall, I have.
The leading causes of sexual assault in studies suggest that women got all them titties
I wish you to be less happy on your nonbirthdays than your birthday aka happy birthday
Meh. A false sense of security never hurt anybody.
What do you call it when a DJ get's a heart attack? A beat drop.
What do you call it when a DJ get's a heart attack?
I wanted to make a joke about Sodium but Na...
I've been watching so much porn lately that I've started spitting on my front door lock before I put the key in
There has been surge in activity due to Corona Virus outbreak which has caused delivery companies FedEx and UPS to joined forces which is now known as FedUP
We should uninstall 2020. I think it has a virus.
Ants never get sick because they have little anty-bodies.
You are the Topsy in this Turvy world. (:
You have the right to remain silent but anything you say can and will be used against you by advertisers.
One of the Russian acrobats in our human pyramid has been deported so now, we dont have Oleg to stand on.
Did you know if you hold your ear up to a strangers leg, you can actually hear them say, What the hell are you doing?
My one mission in life is to set myself more goals.
I've got a bone to pick with my dog
Im back down to only two drinks a night, which is exactly half as much as I normally have in the afternoon.
If you own a dog, you can have Chinese food whenever you like
If cardiac surgeons were called mechanics, it'd be heart wrenching.
I knew Michael Jordan was going to be the goat ever since I saw him play as a kid.
Jokes about menstrual cycles arent funny... period.
Whenever someone makes funny of my dog strap, I get a bit hot under the collar.
A person without a son, is just a per
I baby proofed my home but they still managed to get in.
The only kind of tree you can grow in your hand is a palm tree
The plural of spouse is spice.
Whats blue and doesnt weigh much? Light blue.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't work? A stick
I miss sports so much that thinking of baseball would probably HELP me come
People keep making apocalypse jokes like theres no tomorrow.
A fire hydrant has H-2-O on the inside, and K-9-P on the outside.
If I ever find out the name of the surgeon that screwed up my limb transplant, Ill kill him with my bear hands.
People are so judgemental these days, I can tell just by looking at them.
The first time I heard about Instagram I thought it was a drug delivery service.
Ask the taxi driver if he had room on the front seat for a 12 pack and a pizza. He said, 'Sure.' I said, BAARRRFF
If god is your copilot maybe you should drive instead of fly
Slightly peeved that the makers of the shampoo "Head and Shoulders" have not followed up with a body wash called, "Knees and Toes".
My sexual desires have been getting out of control, but it wasnt until I spanked a statue that I knew Id hit rock bottom.
I heard DMX got the corona virus. Better be careful or X gon give it to ya.
When the teacher told us to solve the puzzle without using addition, we were all nonplussed
The only thing greater than infinity is nothing.
I misplaced Dwayne Johnsons origami scissors. I cant believe I lost the Rocks Paper Scissors.
A man rushed into a busy doctor's surgery and shouted, "Doctor! I think I'm shrinking!" The doctor calmly responded, "Now, settle down..You'll just have to be a little patient.
It doesn't seem difficult to make a joke about 6 women, dozen tit?
I knew a Simp, who was willing to shave a hot girl's legs, this guy would do anything to razor legs
Common sense isn't very common anymore.
You can either have a nice day, or help your child(ren) with their math homework. You cant have both. Coronalations 11:29
One for those homeschooling their child(ren) during COVID
For those who have run out of toilet paper and are using the napkins stashed in the glove box, make sure they weren't used for eating hot wings.
I tend to spell 'a lout' without the u a lot
I just got resized. My boobs are now COVID-19 cups.
in politics, the average person is a special interest group and should have no more power than any other special interest
Trump could shoot Biden dead on Fifth Avenue, and it wouldn't impact either of their poll numbers.
Paying for a million more people to see something is advertising, but what if you pay for a million less people to see it
There are 2 factors that determine how bad a pandemic is. 1.) How dense the population is.
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy, but when I told him I wanted a second opinion, he replied, "okay, you're ugly too."
I'm a magician who likes to make cocaine and marijuana disappear by using a bunch of smoke and mirrors.
Catching Fire is just Hunger Games: All Stars
My mom told me never to stalk two strangers
I dont like to speak ill of idiots
I dont like to speak Ill of idiots
Aliens came here looking for intelligent life so I told them it went out and will be back soon
As someone who is lactose intolerant pizzeria sounds more like what happens after I eat there
I'm philanthropissed that I have no money to donate
There's something really important I need to tell you about diarrhea, before it escapes me.
Minecraft is a perfect game because they didn't cut any corners.
If this joke doesn't put me in a Karmacoma I'm going to have a Massive Attack
You know who loves to get fisted ..
Its not flame retardant its combustably challenged.
Buying 29 eggs instead of 30 is...odd
Do you ever get that sinking feeling when you're drowning?
Yes, I ejaculate early. But, my wife should love me despite my short cummings.
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I wanted a second opinion, so he replied, "okay, you're ugly, too."
I always feel so motivated after I restock my battery drawer
I was at a restaurant and I saw a sign that said 'No Dogs, No Waitresses'. I thought, 'That's a bit of a problem, I'll just order a pizza'.
he was trying to get a point across but the speaker was always missing
those who live beyond their means should act their wage
They met in cooking class...it was boil meets grill
they called him the king of the dentists because he specialized in crowns
I was going to make a joke about bad glue, but it just doesn't stick right.
I once had a list of chemistry jokes but now they argon
Volcanoes are basically pimples for earth
Every country is going to get Covid-19 at some point but China got it right off the bat.
I was shocked when I found out my toaster wasnt waterproof.
What's got 9 arms and sucks? Def Leopard
Liking men is gay
On Reddit, no one knows you're a woman.
Hackers are going to be next in having massive burnouts, once everybody is injected with conspiracy smart dust.
What gets easier to pick up the heavier it gets .. women
My professional Lock-picking skills have really opened a lot of doors for me.
You have to feel sorry for Jesus, not only was he crucified but right at the start of a four day weekend.
I bought a new boomerang, but now I can't figure out how to get rid of the old one.
Napkins used after eating hot wings and then shoved in you pocket should NEVER be used as toilet paper!
Did you know that Iceland is only one sea away from Ireland?
Fixing electric switches with bare hands was really a shocking experience for me
You CAN have your cake AND eat it too with bulimia!!!
Standing infront of a piano in my house is all it takes to sweat
Jack White stayed out in the sun too long and now hes Jack Black.
I bought a paradox tomorrow.
I work out so much even my car has ABS
Wearing a formal dress along with a coat for office is... suitable
Florida is like the mental asylum of America
How am I supposed to make an honest living as a plumber if I keep giving away all this free pipe
I'm a firm believer of living loose
I like my women, how I like my british plugs..one hole at the top, two holes at the bottom
I came into some money the other day, the cash register was really sticky after.
My dad said he couldn't comprehend how my brother could be on top of the bleachers, but I'm pretty sure he understands.
the government is a danger to national security
-
Minecraft now has over two billion dimensions, Bernie Sanders isn't President in any of them.
Minecraft has over two billion dimensions and Bernie Sanders is President in none of them
Joe has just been outbiden
This diet is wearing me thin
Since Bernie dropped out, now were just Biden our time until the general elections in November
Woke up with a terrible hangover .. isn't it awful when your cocks so big it hangs over the edge of the bed
Jogging my memory is the most exercise I am getting during lockdown.
I wish I was rich enough to eat out all the time like the homeless do
When someone says rona, I hear sketti and butter.
Im so horny the crack of dawn better be careful around me
quarantine edition
I tried to sneak in to a Star Trek convention dressed as a doctor but the security guard suspected I wasn't the real McCoy
Corona got me so bored that I check my heart beat on me fitbit everytime after having a wank
Quarantine has taught me you dont need to have fun to have alcohol
Coronavirus has to self-quarantine against Chuck Norris
Waffles are just pancakes with abs.
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal (Your Job done first)
Drilling holes underground for hours is so Boring
Im a deeply closeted clothing hoarder
Muffins spelled backwards is what you do when you take them out of the oven.
Why do they call childbirth "delivery," why not call it "take-out"?
Coronavirus does not infect objects, which means women are safe.
Jokes about white sugar are rare but jokes about brown sugar..demerara
I gotta say, the class of 2020 outdid themselves with "Senior Skip Day" this year.
I've used so much cleaner and disinfectant lately that when I pee it cleans the toilet bowl.
I can't believe no one has managed to come up with a cure for anorexia yet, honestly, I thought it'd be a piece of cake.
Because I love taking photos of myself standing next to boiling water, my doctor says Ive got selfie steam issues.
TIL mood rings all eventually stop responding and turn permanently blackI guess they are accurate after all
judge not and god will judge you anyways
I've got a runaway heart, and I need to brake it myself before it gets broken by someone else.
The Office helps us sleep because it's white noise.
The Scranton Stranglers testimony really choked me up
I never felt so lo as when my my duet had one-man-banned.
Help me
Atheism is a non prophet organization
Gender inequality amid pandemic: Every woman with a bra in her closet needs that shit to last till the mall reopens, every guy with a bra in his closet has two extra masks.
Since Hooters will be doing only delivery they are considering changing their name to Knockers
Best part of COVID-19 is my car getting 3 weeks a gallon.
I've seen plenty of paper in my time, never once seen it pape.
My gal doesn't wear glasses but she sure can empty them.
Remember, stay six feet away, or youll be...
If you like shows about renovating homes, I dont recommend House, M.D.
Yoda's surname from Star Wars...lay hee hoo
My sister said I am argumentative but I can't say "No!"
My dentist asked if I was flossing so I said I couldn't dance.
Do you think Merriam Webster was trolling us with the word "Pteradactyl"?
As a banker, I always offer loans with great interest
Someday, I'll actually write the word "gullible" on the ceiling.
Has anyone at the Laffy Taffy company ever actually eaten a banana?
Bullets only do their job after they're fired
Nostalgia just aint what it used to be
Respect your elders is how a royal family holds power
Waking up has always been an eye opening experience
I'm not alright. I'll NEVER be alright!
Candle
Ordered a vault and a speaker...finally arrived safe and sound
I can't believe that my professor keeps repeating the lectures everyday in our Dj Vu course.
I thought I saw a monster under my bed but it turns out it was just an energy drink.
yo yoda yolo yodo
If you've never seen "Back to the Future", it's about time.
Everyday I pray the cops won't pick me up for my twin brothers murders but the voices say I'm an only child
Monsters
Steve Jobs
Amanda thought it'd be unsafe for me to walk home in my bikini, but I made it back all in one piece.
Amanda thought it'd be unsafe to walk home in my bikini, but I made it back all in one piece.
We are truly living through an un-Presidented time in history.
If god is like a factory owner, he wants you as his robots to work automaticly without any interaction from him
Those people who see jesus on a piece of toast, arent making cannibal food right
If you don't cook with virgin olive oil then your oil has touched a genital
What do you call a black homosexual?
I was writing out the alphabet but I had to stop when an alemenopede went onto my page.
There's a point to the male penis
The companies running toilet paper advertisements right now are also dirty b-holes
Nothing beats my imaginary drum kit
My mountaineer friends want to do some grilling, but I told them the steaks are too high.
In Iran, people are mortified by the sight of spiders, but in Iraq, no phobia!
Im not a big supporter of masturbation, but sometimes you gotta let you do you.
Democracy should be only for the middle and upper classes, because beggars cant be choosers.
I think I will Passover Easter this year
I hate when I think I'm buying organic vegetables and when I get home I discover they're just regular donuts
As I watched the sperm swim towards the egg, I couldn't help but think how awful I was for ruining my wife's breakfast.
When I noticed HI in the alphabet, I thought someone was actually going to be my friend and then I saw the next two letters.
As a person, I am always because we can't cure Diabetes
Catholic Priests leave a bad taste in my mouth.
When sexually aroused cops arrest a clinically insane person, are they busting a nut?
People weren't afraid to bully the 9-year-old body builder - even if it turned into a fight, they knew they'd come away with minor injuries.
Im giving up gardening because the last time I soiled myself.
My wife is really mad I have no sense of direction, so I packed my stuff and right.
Do homeless people really get knock knock jokes
Yoga is the friendzoned version of kama sutra... You're gonna be bending around a lot but you ain't getting anything.
I have to work from home thanks to this stupid virus, sounds like an inside job if you ask me.
Fruit is plant placenta
You call the best salesman at a funeral home the Top Urner.
There is a meeting tonight...
Therapy
So what if I don't know what apocalypse means, it's not like it's the end of the world
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal (Your Job done first)
Who decided to call it "Social Distancing" when it could have been called "Covoidance"?
We should call self-isolation weight gain the COVID "19".
Mountains arent just funny, theyre hill areas.
My doctor says Ive got this awful disease where I cant stop telling airport jokes and that its terminal.
The new corduroy pillow is really making headlines
King Filipe VI is quarantined to his jet. Madrid news reports the reign of Spain stays mainly on the plane.
The worst thing you could do as a doctor is lose your patients.
I, for one, welcome our new coronavirus overlords
Trump recently tested negative for COVID-19 but he did test positive for Covfefe-45.
Today I have a 45 minute presentation about the importance of short meetings.
what's better than winning the special olympics?
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
I'm at home thinking, i'm not essential.
________
The Corona virus was released by an evil scientist by the name of De Shao Pei
I have sex daily. I mean dsylexia
I hate using public restrooms, but sometimes you just gotta make doo.
I wish I was only 3/5 of a person so I can get 5 for the price of 3 discounted tickets
I'm talking to you from beyond the grave, about 3 miles past it then take a left on 5th street
My neighbor blamed my gravel for making him fall, but it was his own dumb asphalt.
Coronavirus is a no contact sport
On a scale of 1 to 10 at being bad at self estimation, I'm a 1
I got a job at a push pin factory but working there seems a little tacky.
People said I'd never get over my obsession with Phil Collins but take a look at me now.
Donald Trump finally delivers his presidential promise!
I got only the symptoms of corona cuz I wanted to try before I buy
To the idiot who called it a pearl necklace rather than a chestnut, you're nuts!
Two of my mom's sisters moved to the Alaskan wilderness so now it's a double aunt tundra.
Bill Gates has been fighting viruses since Windows 95.
Dont call me a chicken because I have Alektorophobia.
When I first got back from my trip to Asia, I was disoriented
There couldnt be a tier list for knots because they would all be tied.
We had a few too many Coronas and now we're all grounded
Going viral ain't what it used to be
Great talk with China; just negotiated the Nationalization of General Motors
Zoom has a really viral marketing campaign.
My Spanish teacher told me to go to spanishdict, and lets just say I heard him wrong.
Shout out to the people who don't know the opposite of in.
The Chinese might have the smallest dick in the world
The Chinese might have the smallest dick in the world but still managed to fuck us all.
I've avoided abstinence for 85 days now.
I think my spell Czech is broken.
If a group of people circled one person and coughed on them it would be the first wukake
Climbing Everest because it's there is stupid, your mom is there but I don't screw her
I skipped church and went to the shoe shop to save my sole
Prince Charles finally got coronated
Prince Charles got coronated at last
I hate the wind, that shit blows.
"In conclusion, my DMs are always open." - Friedrich Nietzsche
Moths are always looking on the bright side.
My indifference to everything is really starting to not bother me.
Grab women by the corona and cure them of it
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal (Your Job done first)
TIL that before the crowbar was invented, most crows drank at home.
Will you marry me? is a marriage proposal, but Will, You, Mary, Me! is a foursome proposal.
Oh Brother, whats a school shooting today, just a Menndez?
I use permanent markers to draw, which means that no matter what, itll always be a marker.
Goat cheese is the greatest cheese of all time.
I tried to go to target but I missed.
Anakin my allegiance is to the republic, TO DEMOCRACY!
Who do noses run and feet smell
If enough guys wear women's underwear then it becomes men's underwear
Winnie the Pooh and Alexander the Great may not have much in common but they do have the same middle name.
The only B word I call my bitch is Beautiful.
The new buzz words "social distancing" came about because focus groups pointed out that "step the fuck back" was too insensitive.
It's only indecent exposure if you aren't well hung.
No matter how much I ask the question: "Am I going through an identity crisis?"
Communist jokes aren't funny unless everyone gets it
y = mx + b
The inventor of Incognito mode prefers to remain anonymous.
Airplanes with COVID-19 passengers should be called aircraft carriers.
The planes that carry COVID-19 passengers should be called aircraft carriers.
I know that you're worried about a clown being underneath your bed, but I wouldn't lose any sleep over It.
Single woman with hand sanitizer would like to meet a single man with toilet rolls for good clean fun.
If all you're doing is sitting around making jokes about Covid-19, you really need to get out more.
Our lumberjack employee just isn't cutting it, so I want you to give him the axe.
How fucking awesoem is it to disabl autocoreect on your phone
My syndrome may be down but my chromosomes is always up.
It only took a near apocalyptic situation to shift our attention away from Brexit.
It only took a near apocalyptic situation to shift our attention from Brexit.
At this moment in time, it's present tense.
Cellmate: "I have Coronavirus "Weinstein: #metoo
The GrubHub delivery people always love to see a nice tip, which is why I always answer the door naked.
You cant spell "dyslexic" without "epic".
You cant spell "dyslexic" with out epic.
Playing poker with more than 10 people is a much bigger deal
My Grand-Brother thinks incest is so awesome that he gave it 4 thumbs up.
I hesitate to join a support group for fathers who left to buy cigarettes and haven't returned, because I can't shake the feeling that I won't be long.
A dyslexic walks into a bra
Velcro, never buying again. Absolute rip off
Comedy is a fucking joke
Government of Spain announces that during Covid-19 pandemic, popular Spanish saying mi casa su casa will be temporarily changed to: Mi casa mi casa. Su casa su casa.
Do you know where dijon is? Cause I musturd
I hear that if you say Bloody Mary 3 times, the bartender will eventually make you one.
When you buy condoms, you're paying protection money
Fingerless gloves are pointless.
Why spend 600 dollars on a Dyson, its basically a product that sucks.
I have insufficient evidence regarding conspiracy theorists.
Someone once asked me "what's your favorite fruit?" and apparently, 'Richard Simmons' wasn't the answer they were expecting.
First sign of madness on Reddit is downvoting your own comments.
Covid 19 has really broadened my options as a necrophiliac
I keep getting older but they stay the same age ;)
I always knew Corona was bad, but now I hear they've closed bars because of it.
I new Corona was bad, but now I hear they're closing bars because of it.
Someone asked if I knew what usernames the guy who sang Danger Zone has on his computer
Coughing has finally overtaken speaking Arabic as the most taboo thing to do in an airport.
When the world runs out of toilet roll's and people wipe there asses in your pool there's only one gang who can stop it.......... "Reservoir Logs" a movie brought to you by Quentin Quarantino
You can spell "dyslexic" without epic
People who say they eat the "sand vein" on shrimp are full of shit.
The opposite of isolate is yousoearly
What doesn't rhyme with orange.
Now is not the right time to surround yourself with positive people.
I asked 101 people what they thought about avoiding round numbers.
It is best to stay away from people during this pandemic not only because you might get the disease, but also because they will annoyingly look at you when you go outside.
If talking about socialism alienates some of my friends, then Soviet.
Things have taken a turn since my teenage years and Im now finding myself scolding my parents for going out.
The Corona crises in the US is unpresidented
I'm so odd that some people can't even
If a Simp had a son it would be a Simpson
One way or another, there are probably going to be a lot less anti-vaxxers after this Covid-19 ordeal is over.
One way or another, there are probably going to a lot less anti-vaxxers after this Covid-19 ordeal is over.
Waking up is the second hardest thing in the morning
We used to cough to hide a fart, these days we fart to hide a cough!
Because of COVID-19, I'm now only going to tell inside jokes.
Corona added "Quarantine" to most people's Vocabulary.
"I went to do a gig at a superhero event but unfortunately there was already a comicon"
Extraverts are having an extra hard time with social distancing.
It seems 2020 is directed by ROBERT B. WEIDE
Isolation may not be a good thing but my KD on COD has hit 2.1
Don't be lazy, Be crazy.
I never once said I liked to suck someones feet because theyre a always a foot in my mouth..
The name corona virus brought to you by budweiser
We need more research on substandard data collection.
Hair salons are closed, nail salons are closed, makeup stores are closed...its about to get real ugly out here
I was moderate before the left pushed me to the right.
I downloaded work from my self isolated teacher, now my computer has a virus
Now is not the right time to surround yourself with positive people.
When my mom told me that I was grounded, I was shocked!
Micheal J Fox got upset today because the CDC told him to avoid handshaking.
If you don't know what it's like to be a fetus, then you haven't lived.
I value loyalty in a partner, and it has to be a three-way street.
I met a Schizophrenic that has Coronavirus.
Bane from Batman might have been trying to tell us something...
Always provide vegetarian options when cooking at home, make do or fuck off
Unfortunately my Chinese takeout came without cookies.
This glitch in the matrix is getting worse day by day.
Coronavirus, finally a reason to visit those elderly relatives you never liked
Doctor doctor theres a patient on the line who says hes invisible Well tell him I cant see him now
America is sure having some bad luck lately - it's almost like it was built on an ancient Indian burial ground.
Chroloform has a faint smell.
In surprised that Ozzy Osbourne hasn't tested positive for Corona yet
Does Kim Jong un only order supreme pizza?
Who's that motherfucker who said we need a Chernobyl season 2?
Who's the motherfucker who said we need a Chernobyl season 2?
When it comes to football, I ain't a Ronaldo, I'm messy.
"A smile is the universal welcome"
A smile is a friend maker.
I told a joke to an isolator.
I've recently developed innate talents.
I always make sure to remember old memes in the most complicated way possible--
I think the people from Birdbox were actually just seeing a year into the future.
yahhhhhhhhh werrrrrrrrr ahooie!
I'm not an epidemiologist, but sometimes, my reddit posts go viral.
My wife doesnt believe I got Covid from the toilet seat.
It's ironic that the world is coming to a standstill in March.
Im worried that I have hypochondria.
My boss gave me the sack for tea bagging people...Hypocrite
maybe?
new cdc guidelines dictate that along with washing your hands thoroughly you better clean your plate young man
All generalizations are wrong.
If you see someone without a smile give them one of yours.
I'm positive I wanna get tested for Coronavirus
Elevators drive me up the fucking wall
New presidential guidelines suggest you dont have to quarantine, but you should quaranten.
All generalizations are wrong.
Being human is really just getting old
I don't do one line jokes I just make people laugh with as few words as possible.
The number of virus cases has risen so much in my state that even strippers and hookers are required to work from home.
Just got a boat load of toilet paper in fresh from china.
All countries got Coronavirus eventually, but China got it right off the bat.
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you dont need it.
If I hear one more thing about the coronavirus, Im going to be sick.
Hinduism is the most peaceful religion because they never have beef.
To become a Supreme Food Court Justice you first have to pass the Sbarro exam
Maybe in 9 months we're gonna have a baby boom; but in 3 months we're gonna have a divorce boom.
2020 will be remembered not for how many people died but for how many people used leafs as toilet paper
Biden likely hasn't had a capital D in years
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal (Your Job done first)
I'd blame my problems on earthquakes, but it'd be a faulty assertion.
I must have the coronavirus because these mfs keep testing me.
I never expected to be so delighted when the thief stole my lamp
Avoiding dangling prepositions is something I am really good at.
People who cannot distinguish between etymology and entomology, bug me in ways in which I cannot put into words.
Day 1 of short term memory loss.
I've been singing the nursery rhyme Head, shoulders Knees N toes missing out the words .... "And eyes and ears And nose and mouth" #beatcoronavirus
If a corporation is a person, then Enron employees killed people
Once all this Coronavirus shit is done with were all gonna be left with no fingerprints.
If you need to self isolate spend it with some teenagers they are experts at that
________________________________ers
I went to a German massage parlor today and I must say, the whole experience was pretty hans on.
You know the cure for corona virus? Lyme disease.
People who buy sex dolls are fucking dummies
Are chefs learning Asian cuisine told to wok this way?
My girlfriend tells me that I'm indecisive, but I'm not so sure about that.
The trouble with scolding your cat is that when you tell them to knock it off, they generally do.
The end is near because 2020 is the year we have to learn from incels and self isolate.
It's Pi Day, my birthday, but not my cake day.
If my immune system is as virus resistant as my computer Ill be safe.
HERMITS UNITE!
The opera's closed because of that damned virus, so I'll have to make do with Placebo Domingo.
Bat flu will subdue.
If you get cold sores from sharing a light beer, does it count as corona virus?
Vegans are like Christians: they just wanna save you.
Might seem silly wearing a face mask in public but at least my skin will feel hydrated and moisturized
The soft tissue between a shark's teeth is sometimes just a slow swimmer.
Almost nothing in the Addams family can leave me speechless, but when it comes to foot-porn...
People who make bear puns should be mauled.
The safest place to be during an earthquake would be in a stationary store.
If there's one thing that makes me throw up, it's a dart board on a ceiling.
We call the beginning of the day morning because everyone is sad that they have to get out of bed
A smile is the best makeup any girl can wear.
A proctologist's profession really sucks because they have to work with assholes all day and the pay can be shitty.
Women do not get enough respect for their ass and titties
My Indian neighbor told me to get off his lawn but I said naw man, namaste.
Is Greta Thunbergs favourite movie MadAtGasCar?
Are you COVID? Cause youre 19 and i could easily spread that
When I found out that the toaster is waterproof, I was shocked!
It costs over $235,000 for parents to raise a child today and that's just for the alcohol.
My favorite instrument of torture is the recorder.
All national anthems are technically country music.
Losing the bet meant I had to grow a soul patch, but I took it on the chin.
My dad accused me of stealing his colorful round toy collection, but I think he lost his marbles.
I could tell my waiter was losing his balance, but I decided to let the chips fall where they may.
I've decided to go to the casino more, in order to be my bettor self.
Gravity is one of the most fundamental forces in the universe, but if you remove it, you get gravy.
Did you hear about the hunter who's into bestiality? Recently, he's been on top of his game!
These coronavirus jokes are really going viral.
Due to panic purchasing, Walmart has opened a second checkout lane.
Statistically speaking only 1 in 7 Dwaves are happy
9 times out of 10, if you hear a pun come out of my mouth then it's absolutely intended, but if the 10th one doesn't make you laugh, then no pun in ten did!
When it comes to studying boxing, Ive been known to hit the books.
When it comes to studying boxing, Im hitting the books.
Trying to get an organ off a jeohavah witness is like getting blood out of a stone
I have a problem with my budget it's not going cheap
Mark my words, I will be edited.
He's had the clap so many times, it's more like applause by now.
Money talks...but all mine ever says is good-buy.
Murder is a form of over-kill.
A Priest, a Pastor, and a Rabbit
The last time someone was interested in my body was when I filled out my organ donor card.
Red Sox Management has announced that no hands, touching hands, reaching out, touching me, touching you, will be tolerated at this season's games.
This js not misspelled.
I pay my accountant to cook the books not burn them
A Roman man walks into a bar, holding up two fingers and says "I'll have five beers please"
I thought warm milk helped you sleep, but then I met Bill Cosby.
I love eating fastfood better than sex. Thats because I can buy fastfood zon almost every corner.
If anyone is wanting to send a rocketship to Uranus, they better plan on buying you dinner first.
John Travolta thought he had coronavirus, but it was just a Saturday Night Fever
Companies who make sanitising gel must be rubbing their hands.
Theres a new type of weed out there that causes diarrhoea...I cant decide whether to shit or get off the pot.
Exams ahead and this whole Silicon Carbide Semi-Conductors section is making me SiC.
Love it.
Who are all these guys named Victor and why are we trusting them to write history?
I bet when cannibals go on a diet they order the chef salad
I was going to make a joke about sodium and hydrogen, but NaH..
Silence Is the most powerful scream!
I find proctologists to be a pain in the ass.
I recently switched the n&amp;m keys on the school computers, some may say I'm a monster, others might say I'm a nomster!
it's a truth and a lie
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal(Your Job done first)
"AAAAARRRGGGHHHHH" - famous last words
My local school had to close down after everyone suffered a fete worse than death
Never go into a fetish barbers and ask for a number 2 all over.
Every pizza is a personal pizza, if you believe in yourself.
Alphabetical should be spelled
I think lumber jacks were disappointed when they attended Woodstock
Wiped out
*Sprays cheese on cracker, then presses together* And that's how the wave function collapses
Chronological should be spelt "Accghillnoor".
Gonna take Madeline McCann longer to come out than Philip Schofield
KNOCK KNOCK, WHO'S THERE: WHO representative regretfully informs you that you will be placed under quarantine for 14 days
25 One Liners Funny On Alcohol Addiction
There are too many web designer in my house... Sorry, I mean spiders. Too many spiders.
People only wanna give women half of every thing
How to approach women with confidence
Being tall isn't great at all , You just suffer at greater heights .
They say that compost manure is best, but I don't buy that shit
One out of ten dentists agree that nine of them are sellouts.
Murderers
I opened a joint account today... At the weed dispensary
I was asked if I wanted to open a joint account... Which is an interesting marketing strategy for a weed dispensary.
They say a picture is worth a thousand words, but if your word ain't worth a dime, that puts an upper bound on your picture of $100.
April Fools Day Quotes
I'm looking at the paper and wonder if anybody else notices this, people seem to be dying in alphabetical order.
Riddles That Will Stump You Every Time
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
I can't stand paraplegics.
We have a shortage of dwarves!
Weve got big plans at the architecture firm.
If calcium helps your bones, does white stuff make more white stuff.
Listening to music is like music to my ears.
I play musical coughs on my viralin.
I once threw a dart at a rodeo and got a bullseye!
I bet right now soap bars are not being dropped in prison
Dont grow up! Its a trap!
I am washing my hands of Coronavirus.
Chicago gamers be like cover me Im going to Walmart
Dyslexic Christians must be terrified of the saying. Santas coming to town
I had a pet horse that was really sick, but now he's in stable condition.
Towels are the leading cause of dry skin
I once baked brownies with laxatives in them and all my co-workers lost their shit over it.
If wet clothes glow in the dryer... they're done and so is the machine.
I've been prescribed anti-gloating cream. I can't wait to rub it in.
sonic screwdrivers are more annoying than regular screwdrivers.
Cocaine
Knitting gives me right pins and needles
I once knew a guy who broke the rules without breaking the rules by just saying - -
My favourite words are former and ladder
11111111111111111111
_______________________
People suffering from COVID19 are untouchables
I once threw an arrow at a rodeo and unfortunately, I got a bullseye.
Im better about snacking now, but sometimes the ghost of thiccmas past comes to haunt me at night.
Shoplifting is free.
Choirs use their vocal cords to make vocal chords
Remember the days when you had to cough to cover your fart, now you have to fart to cover your cough
My jokes are like Pizza Hut, delivered with extra cheese and usually panned.
People say its difficult to have sex with erectile disfunction but its not fucking hard.
Did you know "gullible" isn't in the dictionary?
I guess it just wasn't in Warren's DNA to be President.
Being a teacher is like being in a bad marriage; your needs are never met, but you stay in it for the kids.
Fingers crossed for my knuckle replacement 
A plateau is the highest form of flattery.
Communist jokes are only funny if everyone gets them.
I got a girl from the park by using my sex tape. Bought it at Lowe's and it kept her quiet for hours.
I never thought that our death would be 'Made in China'
What?!? Youre from Turks AND Caicos
A soul can be wiped clean with toilet paper
-
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal (Your Job done first)
My tripod is broken. I can't stand it.
Getting your shit together is a direct violation of the Law of Entropy.
I sure was relieved when the wind scattered my pile of raked leaves
I wonder if Microsoft has an open office policy...
We're lucky Batman chose to put a bat symbol and not a "BM" on his chest.
I tried to commit suicide once, I almost killed myself I'm never doing that again.
Napoleon really took France to new heights.
My Sister would not stop asking me what to put in the washing machine.
Im choosing to become a fatalist.
Sometimes I order bloody steak, but thats rare.
You Know how when you put a stick in the water it looks bent? Thats why I dont take baths
Funny how people are willing to put on a ridiculous face mask in public to prevent a disease, but feel extremely offended when you suggest they use a condom in private.
If Barbie is so popular then how come you have to buy all of her friends?
I put the sexy in dyslexic
I remember the last thing my dad said to me..."be careful son, the safety is off."
Those 'Make A Wish' kids are so lucky.
And just then, it all came back to me... As I peed in the wind...
I'm so tired of being exhausted
I race horses but they always win
I'm guilty of confessing to meaningless crimes.
Giraffes know how to make a little food go a long way.
Id tell you a joke about your crushes pussy
When you fail you get to learn two things.
At the stroke of midnight, Joe wept softly as the milk expired.
Staring into Medusa's eyes gets me hard.
Nothing is foolproof to a sufficiently talented fool.
Before the printing press, throwing away or burning large piles of junk mail was considered book burning
Going Vegetarian is a missed steak.
Which came first the chicken or the prostitute?
Apparently it's frowned upon to scream "I'm infected" while coughing on the gym equipment you want to use.
always thought being an adult wouldve involved more sex
OC
My ethics teacher said I was failing the class, so I slipped him $100 to change my grade.
I ran three miles, today, finally I said, "OK, lady, you can have your purse back"
Never underestimate a dwarf's height
I haven't had a piece of ass since I met that Donkey at the petting zoo.
Before we fight, I must warn you: I know Karate, Kung Fu, Tae Kwon Do, and several other Asian sounding words.
I've been so lonely lately that the closest thing to a piece of ass I've had was a mule steak
My superiority complex is better than yours.
Hope my knuckle replacement goes well tomorrow fingers crossed
This sentence is a lie.
I built a stair case without planning permission council said i took it a step too far
Just found out that "elbows" is not Spanish for "the bows".
I have the flu with a hoarse voice, and with my huge beard, I guess you could ask me why the long face?
That awkward moment between birth and death.
That awkward moment between life and death
I have issues when it comes to comic book subscriptions
She said she wasn't pregnant but contractions speak louder then words.
I keep asking the people at my job what "NSFW" stands for, but none of them will tell me.
ill never stop being pissed about how much beef jerky costs
its ok id you make a mistake, look at all of the mistakes our parents created
How to use online dating and how to create a master online profile
I went to a family restaurant and they refused to serve me a family.
Politics...
I can't stand action figures with no feet
Why, in f*ck's name, did they add Leap Year Day to FEBRUARY? Like we needed another winter day.
The prefix homo means same, like homo sapiens, so if you are the same kind of heterosexual as most others you are a homo-heterosexual.
A man came to my door the other day and asked if I had found Jesus. This truly confused me.
Technically a crazy man who cuts the skin off his girlfriend to wear as a suit is wearing leather
A pole sticking out the side of a wall is a reverse gloryhole
I accidentally stumbled upon a fetish website. It was fucking shit.
If the fountain of youth is anything like a kids swimming pool its full of pee
If we canteloup lettuce marry!
Idiots should be forbidden from having a "honk if you love Jesus" bumper sticker.
Being pansexual means my Myers Briggs test result says I'm a LGBT.
Gay men are fucking assholes
A cure for premature ejaculation can't come soon enough.
I have more issues than Times magazine.
"Praying ~for~ the victims?", that's not what you said.
I participated in an anal sex competition and came in turd.
I played at the craps table and couldn't win shit.
I had a pet tortoise, his name was Spartacus, I used to call him Roger.
Morning Wood is just waking up in the middle of dick diagnostics.
Coronavirus only thing made in China to last longer than a month
When you share a guacamole with friends, stop caring what other people sink
I have a illness that made my balls inflate the to size of watermelons, doctors say its the Cojone virus.
Janitors in skyscrapers are high maintenance
Who picks up guide dog shit?
What do you get when you cross a freeway with a refrigerator? Run over
I think I have commitment issues, but I'm not sure.
Contact Dave for any Hacking Deal
I got a job as a human cannonball; they fired me on my first day.
People with deuteranopia make me red with envy.
The secret to good taste is making sure to brush your tongue.
People who use hearing protection are being ear-responsible.
Thank God for the devil or else we would have noone but God to blame evil on
A frozen bottle of water should be allowed on a flight since its not a liquid.
As a dermatologist, I didnt expect my patient to have such thick skin.
I love my dog but his mom is a bitch.
My girlfriend told me to go out and get something that would make her look sexy, so I got drunk!
A group of necrophiliacs draw straws.
If you are making fun of me, then you are probably very funny
Chandeliers?... Eh, not a fan
This pickup line might just make your whole love life.
I crack good drug puns.
Confessions at church must be a real pain in the ass for little boys
Unorthodox people are all the same.
I tried to be an actor, but I was living a lie.
Thank god my doctor didnt say anything about my hearing.
the end is near but if you stand very still god wont see you and will go away
Imagine having Aphantasia
Me learning to play the kazoo is humming right along.
Don't eat animal crackers if the seal is broken
Contact John for any Hacking Deal
Just quit my job as a Ski Instructor.. when I started I was on top of the world, then it all went downhill.
Is it just me or are there other personal pronouns?
I think sleep is nice because it gives me a break from myself.
Prison in a nutshell.
It's okay to marry your second cousin, as long as you're legally divorced from the first one.
Insults for my man friend
I'm thankful for my fingers because I can always count on them.
Short people with umbrellas sometimes catch my eye.
I was going to pay my neighbor a visit, but I'm on the fence about it.
Is it just me, or the user [deleted] is really very active on Reddit?
My dad died because we couldn't remember his blood type. He kept saying 'be positive', but it doesn't make it any easier.
Asian One-liner....
Terry the Tricep just told me that fitness has become a sad obsession.
The animal park I'm at only has a dog, a real Shih Tzu if you ask me.
My dentist girlfriend ditched me and hurt my fillings.
Im on the fence about indecision
Elevators are so uplifting.
I can't stand sitting down.
My ex and I don't talk any more; it's much harder living as a mute.
My socks have had a good run but now theyre on their last legs.
The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously.
You know your children are growing up when they stop asking you where they came from and refuse to tell you where theyre going.
Nostalgia isnt what it used to be.
If I offer to do something for you in exchange for calamari, that's known as a squid pro quo.
Inventing a new language is rewording
Antivaxxers are nothing to sneeze at.
D.B. Cooper became the richest and most famous skydiver with a single jump.
I was trying to learn how to snap my fingers, and then it clicked
14 people have bought The Observer from my local shop today, and 3 have considered buying it before putting it down.
If you cry in the shower, it looks like you're extra good at crying.
Flake it until you make it said the self made snowman
The reason Im such a Joker is that Ive never really been comfortable in a Suit.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
Contact John for any Hacking Deal
I became a war hero by not joining the military
Isnt it laconic
"Reach for the Stars" might be insulting to a dwarf.
I'm always nervous when a woman sees me naked for the first time that she'll just scream and run out of the park.
Neil Armstrong's dad once ejaculated so hard that it eventually landed on the moon.
The Christian God and Allah are atheists about eachother and both are right
My friends are alive....  NOT ANYMORE!!!!!
So a rapist, a murderer, a pedo, and nazi, and a racist walks into a bar. The Bartender says Hello Bernie Sanders. #VoteForPete
The word on the street is Grafitti
When it comes to Kim Jung Unh horseback riding through the snow, the horse voted Neigh
Asshole lives matter
Word on the street is vandalism
Expose cheating partner - Social Media Hack
Good &amp; Bad of me!
So a shrimp fried my rice?
The word on the street is vandalism
All forks are tiney
Mathematicians really crossed the line when they introduced negative numbers
A dung beetle walks into a bar and asks "Is this stool taken?"
Childlessness is hereditary.
A dung beetle walks into a bar and ask "Is this still taken?".
I once ordered a plate of pasta and a plate of antipasti, and the order canceled itself out.
Is the s or the c in scent silent
If two dudes ride a tandem bike together are they both riding bitch?
___
My vacuum cleaner sucks.
A sadomasochist gets excited when someone tells them that they're going to hell
True story
CPR repulses me.
My friend told me a story about this fox that didn't have anything to cover it's butt, it was detailed
Nuns wear the same outfit every day, apparently its a habit.
My Mom used to say "The way to a man's heart is through his stomach". Lovely woman. Terrible surgeon.
I bought a mute a megaphone, and now everyone can hear his breathing.
Valentine's Day is for people who want to have VD
Im supposed to get a job so I can learn the value of money so I took the job of bankrobber since the more money I have the faster I can learn its value
Candles smell like burnt nose hairs
Just got pulled over for driving in the carpool lane, this cops gonna look like an  when I open the trunk.
I dont like cocaine, I just like the smell of it.
I was hanging out with Arnold Schwarzenegger
This shirt is dry clean only, which means its dirty.
Foosball is a combination of soccer and shish kabobs.
I agree to your terms but not your conditions
I cannot stand being fat.
If it wasn't for Hershery I would get no hugs or kisses.
Sodomy with French bread is a real pain in the ass
Id not heard of the Baader-Meinhof phenomenon until recently, and now Im seeing references to it everywhere.
Why do you play with my heart, when I bought you a Gameboy?
There is no I in denial
"Take your time", said Einstein, after explaining his theory of relativity.
I used to re-work one-liners. I still do, but I used to, too.
My neighbor was absolutely delighted when he realized Id stolen all his lightbulbs.
The coolest man in the world still gets wax in his AirPods.
I asked my barber for a Justin Bieber styled haircut and that fucker shaved off my pubes!
Being a professional cocksucker would really blow.
Theres a fine line between snuggling and holding someone down so they cant get away.
A handstand is the hardest way to stand, hands down.
I just came to the realization that I have a fetish for new ideas
Expose cheating partner (Feb 14) What is your spouse up to?
80% of married men cannot fall asleep after sex because they have to drive home.
Orange man bad.
Orange man good.
The reason watches are often given as gifts upon retirement is that theres no present like the time.
If you think quitting cigarettes is hard, try not being an asshole.
dont be an intelligentass
When in doubt, mumble.
I went to a brothel where their motto is The customer comes first.
So I'm reading this fascinating book on Yellowstone Geyser, and the park ranger starts yelling at me, right...
I couldn't tell you how many times I forgot something important.
Near the start of the 18th Century, as part of his Grand Embassy, Peter the Great of Russia visited what is now known as Gdansk, in Poland: an early example of Danzig with the Tsars.
If you found the camouflage cloths at the store - dont buy them, they clearly dont work.
There's a time and place for spontaneity.
The difference between "burro" and "burrow?" - if you don't know that, you can't tell your ass from a hole in the ground.
A baby seal walks in to a club
Got this book about Zero Gravity, now i cant put it down.
Am I making myself clear? asked the invisible woman.
Everyone's a victim and it's all our fault.
How Long is a Chinese name.
It's a mustard world, I'm just trying to ketchup.
What's the deal with the 14th of February it's just a date
One day i will be a scientist and invent an antiseptic that kills those remaining 0.01% germs.
What's the hassle with valentine's day, it's only a date
Opened a tin of spam found nothing but junk mail
Turns out, birth is the leading cause of death
I used to hate pimples, but they grew on me.
I'm heels over head in love with the doctor that fucked up my surgery.
After the severe flooding on our street, the neighbours and I have gotten on like a house on water.
If i were a superhero i'd be He'nt Man
Eating clocks is time consuming
Dashcams should have been named Collide-O-Scopes.
Daschcams should have been named Collide-O-Scopes.
A soul...
Ha-ha, my Siamese twin didn't get deserved because he looked underage!
Hmmm...
Heres a fun fact.
I just quit my job at the helium factory. I won't be spoken to in that tone.
I stiffed my hooker
The Giants moved over the Hudson, so I guess I have to get rid of this New Jersey.
I have a theremin at home, but I havent touched it in years
Under no circumstances should you never do something.
I was supposed to go on a due diligence course, but I forgot my ID.
Parasite won the Oscars but Host didn't
I was able to tolerate my wife's snoring problem - until she started snoring while we were having sex.
The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades.
I tried to sue the airline for losing my luggage but i lost the case
I filled the Escort with diesel last night. She died.
I have a killer joke about mob lynching...
A dick is like a pump action shotgun after you pump it its ready to fire
I've been praying the wrong way for years and God has been yelling at me that I bumped the mute button on the back of one of my teeth
Guy tried to sell me a ticket with a chance to win so I offered him an amount of money for it whatever amount is in my left hand he will find out after the trade for a chance
They asked if i bartend, no, but i bar attend.
All dairy cows have a significant udder.
My cat spends so much time digging in the litter box, you'd think he'd lost his wallet.
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
I was hitting on this hot girl and she says, The thing that I love is... and I interrupted, when people finish your sentences?!?!?!
Things escalate quickly,when you're arguing on a staircase.
Nonconformists of the world: UNITE!
I would bet my bottom dollar that my money stinks.
I'm hosting a charity event for men struggling to ejaculate . If you can't come let me know
Breaking news: I'm often overly dramatic.
I can't find my hide-and-seek manual.
If the religious word sin came from the archery word sin meaning how far from the target you missed, then a sniper can kill without sinning
11th commandment discovered, thou shalt not pay tax to politicians to do evil then act like you had nothing to do with it
There are two types of people in this world:1.those who can extrapolate from missing information
Groundhog Day: Same day, different shit.
Groundhog Day: Sane day, different shit.
Any salad can be a Caesar salad if you stab it enough.
I'm a very paranoid person, but I'm sure you already knew that.
An unsuccessful limbo dancer walked into a bar...
I was looking for things to conspire about but conspiracy theorists had no idea how to join one
5 out of 4 people are horrible at fractions... I'm glad I'm not one of them.
A perfectionist walked into a bar... it seems the bar wasn't set high enough.
The pelican curry I had at the Indian restaurant was pretty tasty, but the bill was enormous.
I ate a clock the other day, it was pretty time-consuming (this one's a classic)
I hate it when ice sculptures give me the cold shoulder.
Hey bartender, I had a shitty day and need a little fuck me up.
It took my girlfriend years to admit that she had a stutter.
Im a big fan of wind turbines
Stairs may look down to earth, but they're always up to something.
As a kid I was stupid.But after years of learning, I accept ed it
I went to Wuhan and got sick right off the bat
I despise Russian dolls, they're way too full of themselves.
I haven't slept for a few years, because that would be too long.
Whiteboards are remarkable.
When life gives you melons, you may be dyslexic.
My sister told me its ok to get dirty, as long as were in the shower.
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
Theres no I in denial
I love both my dog and GF equally. Thats why I keep both of those bitches on a leash.
I believe that children are our future, unless robots take their jobs now
Messy apartment buildings are a complex issue.
Coronavirus? More like the Kung Flu
My favourite kind of cheese can only be found in 80s movies
I am decidedly ambivalent about that.
Lost my hardhat.
The problem is I can't start a anti-group group
Say nothing to the interrogator if she asks you what the opposite of something is
I went on the tree nut diet but after only a week Id hit the wal.
Similes - what are they like?
My Ford was stolen, now I am unfocused.
Teachers who can't explain properly make me question everything!
"This is Us?" More like "This is Depressing."
I can't do a one night stand... I have to get two or else my bedroom would look uneven
PAEDOPHILES ARE JUST FUCKING IMMATURE ASSHOLES
Do cadaver-sniffing dogs look at the drug-sniffing dogs and think, Lucky bastards...?
Death can never be a formality, it's a casualty.
I havent been a pedophile since I was 10 years old
I cannot even begin to explain how bad my communication skills are.
I'd rather die than get killed by a disease.
I can't wait to get home and have make-up sex... I've been arguing with myself all day.
You know why babies cant be rock stars? Because every time they try to perform, they just rock themselves to sleep
Transvestite: a guy who likes to eat, drink and be Mary.
The coronavirus has given me a PC reason to avoid Asians
If you stick your head between two breast implants, are you technically in Silicon Valley?
Have you ever found sunrise upsetting ?
I used to be vain, but now I'm perfect.
"almost infinite" is over half of the biggest integer
The most amazing thing about me is my modesty.
Read it
I should change my dogs name to Habit. No matter how hard I try to kick it, it keeps coming back.
I recently told some friends I was closeted to my family. Really felt great to come out of the closet closet.
My goldfish are named Major, Minor, Dorian, Lydian, and Diminished, and I can only tell them apart by their scales.
Big hair was so popular in the 80s because hairdressers gave a volume discount.
Who's got one thumb and was just involved in a horrific woodworking accident? This guy!
If they had added Leap Year Day to April instead of February, instead of getting another cold wet winter day, we'd have an extra nice spring day.
I'll never feel comfortable eating sloth meat, unless it's been made in a slow cooker.
If underage sex is rape cuz they cant consent to sex, then a legal execution is suicide cuz they cant consent to live.
Spiders are the only web developers happy to find bugs.
Booty lies in the ass of beholder.
DO NOT TOUCH must be one of the most terrifying things to read in braille.
DO NOT TOUCH must one of the most terrifying things to read in braille.
Sign here to say you'll never do an autograph again.
Excuse me while I lick the blood on the inside of my tongue
Mike who cheese stinks.
I can do without abstinence.
Spice up your panic attack with a kazoo
There's actually only one Bernie Sanders bumper sticker and we all take turns sharing it.
There are so many things I like about horses, but my favorite is all that hair running down their neck  thats the mane thing.
Im not racist, racism is a crime and only black people are criminals..
The status quo in my family is to never mention existing conditions.
I knew I was drunk after the bouncer put the breathalyser in my mouth and said "Blow".
My nickname in college was "The Love Machine". I sucked at tennis.
The closest I ever got to a 4.0 in High School was my blood alcohol content.
Fiber is some good shit
I really like Switzerland, the flag is a big plus.
Entymologists fear no weavil.
The only real flat oneliner to me is cardiac arrest
The best flat one liner to me is cardiac arrest.
I wish my wife would use the word 'tenderising' rather than tell the restaurant customers that I'm busy in the kitchen beating my meat!
Lionel Richie says hello.
Of course women dont work as hard as men; they get it right the first time.
Always speak truth to your doctor and lie to the waiter for better service.
so a dyslexic man walks into a bra
I liked my dentist so much, I gave him a little plaque.
I did an unboxing video of a cardboard box.
If what a preacher says is true they would be called a teacher
Outwardly I might come across like a socially inept man that doesn't understand personality types, but inside I'm an extrovert.
If you walk into a bar that says Vampires Only, dont be surprised if you get drunk.
Double cross dressing is just dressing
So a dyslexic man walks into a bra...
You miss 100% of the shots you dont take and thats why I shoot first and ask questions later
One man's "Damn, she's crazy" is another man's "Damn, that dude was right".
When you look really closely, all mirrors look like eyeballs.
Eating a clock is very time consuming.
I once met a guy called Christmas, he was named after his navidad.
Time flies when you throw an alarm clock across the room
Shoutout to sidewalks for keeping me off the streets
Paradoxes are always untrue, except this one.
I've been caught red-handed lying about the colour of my body parts.
You should never let idiots or criminals tell you what to do and thats what I have against the government
Bottled water is always happy: no matter who drinks, itll be drunk
If you don't remember what the word 'amnesia' means. Now you have it.
I bought a female deer for two bucks.
The great part about English is that you can call anyone a but without them realizing, but...
I thought the corona virus would have originated out of Mexico
The key to telling a good one-liner is understanding that the longer you hold back the curve ball part of the punchline, the more intense the erections.
When a chunk of cheese is having its picture taken does the photographer tell it to say "human"?
a crippled god would still win the olympics
I've got this new hobby where I tell everyone about my obscure interests.
To be frank, I'd have to change my name.
Kids are selling chocolate at my school to pay for their prom tickets. I considered prostitution, but then I remembered you cant sell something nobody wants to buy.
Dont use Services from Reddit till you are sure its legit. Craigslist is the best
Let's work together to reduce team building exercises.
I can count all the conjunctions I know on one and.
If we don't act on global warming now, soon enough will all be burying our head in the sand
I'd never refuse a stranger's money, even if you paid me.
I don't finish anyth
My encounters with static electricity taught me that electrons have consequences.
The Transatlantic is basically the Atlantic that was born in the wrong body.
When it's too hard to get out of bed I masturbate
Hello I m fred and I play the fart in the London national orchestra
Male actors wear make up, so... maybe you're not ugly, just poor.
When it comes to finding happiness, I have just about had it.
Theyre not inbred, theyre just genetically recursive.
My eyes arent as sharp as they use to be, I used to stabbed witches with them
Do you think Colin Jost's parents are cool with his interracial marriage?
a coon is black but a tycoon might be white
My friend told me how electricity is measured and I was like watt?
With so many layers of clothes in the winters, finding a womans inner beauty is extremely challenging.
We are born naked, wet and hungry. Then things get worse.
Tampons are really in right now.
DM for collab on 14th feb
The meaning of life is getting high (grades in school)
You might not think gel is scary, but I have a hair-raising story to tell you!
Osteopornosis - A degenerate disease
I tried to eat sushi like they do in Japan, but I didnt have the chops for it
I tried to eat sushi like they do in Japan, but I didn't have chops for it.
I just finished watching a 23 hr documentary about how some documentaries are too long
Posted a time traveling joke and you seemed to like it
I went to a shoe repairman and not only did he heel me, he saved my sole and even dyed for me!
Im not going to wear glasses anymore, Ive seen enough
I don't think anyone here knew this, but I like to underestimate people's intelligence.
I've finally perfected a series of winks, nods and hand gestures that will cause all cars at a 4 way stop to slowly drive into each other
If anyone has recommendations for headphones, I want to hear them
I'm at my most critical of an item being worth its retail value when i can't afford it.
When I sit on a toilet, shit is about to go down.
Voting for a woman president is racist to robot presidents
Youre just a piece of meat to me if Im just a piece of silicon to you
Some december was the second coming of santa claus
I woke up screaming this morning. My apologies to everyone in the staff meeting.
Turned myself into TSA today because of past issues with my mother, but apparently they have a different definition of unaccompanied baggage
Uber Eats Driver sounds like a cheesy horror flick.
I know everything about the Dunning-Kruger effect
My Math Teacher was arrested last night because she was hy on potenuse.
Urine asshole
I was recently let go as an organ courier. Heart wasn't in it.
All horses are naysayers.
Isnt it interesting how a lot of cars with a disabled driver license plate are actually disabled themselves?
My favorite Bible verse? . . . Easy . . . Lunch 3:15
I used go out with an English teacher but it got a bit awkward due to my improper use of the colon
Spiders are the only web developers that enjoy finding bugs.
At the grocery store, I've warmed up to the idea of being in the freezer section.
I bet you a dollar you wont give me a dollar.
I had this really funny joke about The Sun I was going to tell you all, but some redditor made a funnier joke about The Moon and totally eclipsed it.
Any chair can be a recliner if you push back hard enough.
Take my advice... I'm not using it
If someone survives the Chinese Coronavirus, would that make them a master of Wuhan Kung Flu ?
If I had a nickel for every time a homeless man begged me for change I'd still say no
The Super Bowl will be LIVe this year.
A voice in my head wont let me take off my headphones
I got god a christmas present that I sin 10 less for a year and i got the devil a present that I sin 10 more in that same time
"I have a beard." a bald-faced liar
The best Helen Keller jokes are the ones you don't see coming.
To whoever stole my copy of MS Office, I will Ctrl-F you!
People treat me like a god;Ignore my existence unless you need help
Kobe Flynt
I used to play poker with an origami master, but every hand he folded.
I used to play cards with an origami master, but every hand he folded.
Women and blacks got the right to vote and one day the same will happen and voting will be more than a scam
PBA disorder is no laughing matter!
Valentines Day is just to celebrate V getting some D
I broke up with my gym; we were just not working out.
Imagine an Italian on Aitkens diet
My easy English teacher got arrested for having sex with a minor, she was the only person in the class who got a D.
The Black Mamba died today in a helicopter crash. Didn't he know that Blackhawks kill snakes?
Contact for any Hacking Deal - Professional Hacking Service
I used to love to listen to my grandfather tell stories about his job as a steelworker  it was riveting!
Im a trans-skeleton (Skelton stuck in a mans body)
I cut myself on a jigsaw which really puzzled me.
The schizophrenic accountant was hearing invoices
A politician is someone who molests the government
Ive accepted the fact that being cremated is my last hope for a smoking, hot body.
Excuse me, how do I get to the hospital quickly?
call me the futsal shuffle because are you serious
Tattoo a W on both butt cheeks, so it says WoW MoM when doing naked cartwheels.
I am a failure of a Leftist; I cannot do anything Right.
In reply to his most frequent patient, the physician told the elderly hypochondriac, "Look, this is getting old."
I've got some racing geese for sale, let me know if you want a quick gander!
I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Joseph of Nasareth 0.0
Youll never be as lazy as whoever named the fireplace.
A friendly reminder: anal sex requires no less than a butt load of lubricant.
If you want someone to learn your language, refuse to learn theirs
My responsibilities at the paper factory are twofold
To be cured of the coronavirus, patients are being inoculated with lyme disease.
When life gives you melons, your dyslexic
Eating citrus on a U-boat is sublime.
When my kleptomania gets really bad I take something for it
A funeral plot is the last thing I need
Every time a Chinese man sneezes on an airplane, a coronavirus gets its lime.
If you're applying to the Christian Mingle dating site, do not say you're "Christian as fuck".
Coronavirus is what I used to call in sick with instead of saying beer flu.
Pop music makes balloons nervous
Contact for any Hacking Deal - Professional Hacking Service
A dick is a weapon of mass pregnation
I dont know about you but I think Climate Change is just a load of hot air.
What has four letters, occasionally has twelve letters, always has six letters, but never has five letters.
My favorite exercise is chewing
Does your life insurance know you like to be strangled during sex?
Someone slipped me a roofie, and now I have shingles.
Cher is pro life...after love
I just heard the new about Ozzy and I'm literally shaking
I wanted to be a plumber but now I realize it's just a pipe dream
If you rearrange the letters of POSTMEN they get really pissed off.
I was doing crazy things before I became deranged.
I gave my pony a glass of water. He was a little horse.
It's been reported recently that 75% of all accidental injuries occur in the home... finally, some good news for the homeless!
Nudes is just a fancy word for selfie of your ass
If I had a penny for every time someone used an annoying analogy I could buy my own island
My offensive driving courses start Friday
Beautiful stationary can be very moving
There are only two kinds of people: quitters, and jar openers.
Giraffes look like horses when they're not aroused.
I didnt think Id like my sisters new boyfriend, the hockey player, but it turns out hes a keeper.
I cant believe I got fired from the calendar company for taking a day off
Someone once asked me "penny for your thoughts", to which I said "I think that's pretty cheap, where's my penny?"
Create a new digital assistant named Bob, and have the marketing go "No Siri, Bob"
They need to install better doors in the space of possibilities cuz theres too many things you can get into but cant get out of
Two bed bugs fell in love and are getting married in the spring
The darkest time of my life was when I couldn't afford my electric bill
I participated in a drag race and lost, because the other guy had a shorter cigarette.
Please Join r/WouldYouRatherReddit
Sign language is handy.
You can say "Have a nice day," with no problem, but you can't say "Enjoy the next 24 hours" without sounding threatening.
Turning on your lights and sirens after losing a drag race is just poor sportsmanship.
I think it's kind of patronizing that a computer asks you to prove you're not a robot.
A 'handshake' means something completely different to a cannibal.
God told the masochist if you keep sinning youll go to heaven
The makers of blackish are planning to remake Bewitched with an all-black cast, and if they dont call it Bwitch, please! I aint watchin it.
Atheism is a Non-Profit Organization
Jesus was probably one of the first scarecrows
I prayed for patience but it didn't come fast enough
What would you do?
I can see why they didnt want to go with Boyz IV Men.
Pedophiles are fucking immature assholes.
What do you call a chair with a guitar? A rocking chair.
My three favorite things are eating my family and not using commas
So, what IS the exact temperature of a witch's tit?
The best thing about Japanese porn is they censor it, so I can watch it with my family.
God gave me the keys to his kingdom so tomorrow night we are gonna sneak in and rob him
If i was god id change my name and have nothing to do with my past
Contact for any Hacking Deal - Professional Hacking Service
They call me ALF, cause Ill eat your pussy.
I was going to quit stealing board games, but there was one last Risk I was willing to take.
A penny saved is more than a penny earned, because a penny earned is taxed.
My old cart has advanced features, like lane assist. When I drift out of my lane a female voice shouts "get back in your damn lane you idiot!' Only seems to work when my wife is in the car.
Went to give a sperm sample the other day and the nurse asked if I wanted to masterbate in the cup. I said thanks but I don't think im ready for a competition yet.
In the long run, people are often tired and out of breath.
Deep sea divers are under a lot of pressure
Shovels are a ground breaking invention
[NSFW] I would make a joke about prostitutes...
The quickest way to a man's heart is through his chest
Spiders are buzz-kills
It wasnt much fun having a broken neck, but now I can look back and laugh.
Why do people, who are scared of the dark, hide under their covers?
It shouldn't be a "period" it should be an "exclamation point".
ish shoes - made for the feet of people who's dad didn't love them
During church my ears started ringing, so I just sent it to voicemail.
When I'm stoned and a mosquito decides to rob me of some blood, will it also make that sucker stoned?
I ate aluminium foil once. For days after that all i could do was sheet metal.
Mermaid caviar is diet cannibalism
My extra sensitive toothpaste doesn't like it when I use other toothpastes
Today I masturbated twenty five times, cant believe I pulled it off
Today I masturbated 25 times, cant believe I managed to pull it of
Contact for any Hacking Deal - Professional Hacking Service
My sister dated a magazine salesman, but he had too many issues.
Time's fun when you're having flies, Kermit said
In the circle of life you can find happiness in every corner
My blind wife burned her fingers on the stove, and now she feels bad.
I was going to make a joke about Thailand, but Phuket.
I loathe people who keep dogs. They are cowards who haven't got the guts to bite people themselves.
Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
Every damn baby kangaroo is named Joey.
There's a handful of bones in your hand
I once dated an apostrophe; she was too possessive.
I can't seem to make up my mind, so I'm not sure if that's a problem
When I was growing up, my favorite roll model was always the Pillsbury Dough Boy.
When I got stranded on an abandoned island, I made a comedy club out of rocks. What a rough crowd.
You know you're good in bed...
Civil war is just like regular war, but with friendly fire turned on and a twelve year old on your team.
Thank you for the time to thank me you thanking thanker
If at first you don't succeed, don't give up, go back and do it the way your wife told you to do it.
My religion is called Nondelusional Grandeur so you cant accuse me of those delusions without religious discrimination
Needless to say,
If we tell people that the brain is an app, maybe they will start using it
If you're consumed with existential dread, don't be
I've failed to become a doctor when I realised a way to a man's heart is not through his stomach
I have a lion's heart
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
My son thinks hes so smart now that hes learned how to recite pi, and now Ill never hear the end of it.
Old MacDonald had computers do everything for him, AI AI O.
A gathering of golfers and prison inmates would have pros and cons.
I thought about learning the alphabet backwards, but I cba
Caricature artists sketch me out.
I used to envy people who fell asleep at the drop of a hat, but then I thought, what a dangerous and easily exploitable weakness to have.
There's no way to prove whether an owl is a ghost or not based on the sound it makes.
I want to preface this by saying that I hate people who build up anticlimactic situations.
My chair is making my back hurt, so I did some wood work, and now it's a bird cage, help I'me stuck
All food either goes to waste or waist.
People who cheat on their taxes disgust me. This is not the world I want to raise my 23 dependents in.
Employee of the month at the comedy store, its a joke.
Not every child likes a Switch console but Nine in Ten doo
Insomnia: not a problem worth losing sleep over
I have a fear of road bumps but Im slowly getting over it.
Want to come see my HARD DRIVE?
When you're given a choice between two different ways to get on a roof, always choose the ladder.
My imaginary girlfriend has real breasts
Theres no i in denial.
"average" only half rhymes with "a fridge" and it's not the half you'd expect
To the idiot who stole my antidepressants... I hope you're happy now!
Christ died for our sins, so let's not disappoint him.
There are three dimensions to credit cards: length, width, and debt.
I'd love to make up my mind, but I can't remember where I left it.
Nobody voted for god and on that basis he should be impeached
Anything can be a conductor if the voltage is high enough
And I said, that's not a camel
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
Dont let an extra chromosome get you Down.
Child molestation is a touchy subject.
I was told I should get myself a dumbwaiter, so I wen't to Denny's.
Is two crossdressers running on a track considered a drag race?
My memory foam mattress is trying to blackmail me
It definitely raised a green flag when my girlfriend started making fun of my colour blindness
Teach her to burp and you'll laugh for a day, teach her to fart and she will be so powerful we'll have to end her
Bitches be like: I'm a entreprenour that figure out how to make a lot of profit with something I love to do
Technically, a buttdial is a booty call.
diet without tea is just die.
Conspiracy to make balls earth shaped
You sink the rocks that you step on.
Maturity is when you realize there was something up with snow white and those seven shnooks.
Does an agnostic, dyslexic insomniac stay up all night wondering if there is a dog?
Obama and I have received over 135 million votes combined for president
If was a priest and you were a child, holy fuck.
Wish my wife would stop praying and just go to sleep, it's Pastor bedtime
My car battery's flat but I reckon I could get too start at a push
Because I'm of average intelligence, I know that I'm at least as smart as half the people on Earth.
I can't remember the definition of amnesia.
People are saying my shoes are on the wrong feet but these are the only feet I have.
A dry county is the worst place to live, bar none.
Boy bye
The world is half-full of pessimists, or half-empty depending on how you look at it.
Today is 'Take a Missionary to Lunch Day'. Hoping to fill a missionary position.
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
I saw on the news they discovered the oldest material on earth, turns out it was Ricky Gervais's entire routine.
My dad was so mad at my mom that he just called me son of a bitch.
After going to the therapist to treat my narcissism, I feel better than all of you.
Rats are celebrated in India, but in Hungary they Budapest.
I wish I could make a joke about criminals, but none of them are good.
On the one hand, I support masturbation.
I fell into a lens grinder at the optometrist's and made a spectacle of myself.
My uncle's a lion tamer. The bank foreclosed and took nearly everything but at least he still has his pride.
Why was the anti-vaxxers 4 year old child crying? Midlife crisis.
A cold blooded killer killed another lizard
Proposing to her is proposing sex too but propose just the sex and people come to get you
If a drug dealer can be arrested for impersonating a cop, then a cop should be arrested for impersonating a dealer
Id give an arm and a leg to be a cripple
If masturbation was impossible, single straight men would instead be bisexual cuz they got to get it somewhere
People will hate you for leaving out one of the "do" in "do not do"
Found a job in watch repair but its only part time.
I kept on telling myself that one day I'm gonna invent the time machine.
Got a job in a watch repair but it is only a part time job.
When John Macfee said he'd eat his dick if Bitcoin didn't reach 1 million dollars by the end of 2020 only his wife knew he didn't have much to lose.
Im a law abiding citizen
Omelette you finish, but I make the best eggs of all time.
Anarcho-communism
I was going to tell you my new joke about a poorly aimed come shot but I think it might go over your head.
Contact Jack for any Hacking Deal - Professional Hacking Service
I worked at a kiln until I got fired
Working at a grain elevator has its ups and downs, but you might get a leg up.
If there is a real estate does that mean there is fake estate?
I couldn't deliver a bully joke because i was on the receiving end.
If light travels faster than the speed of sound then how come I can hear the guy in the BMW behind me honk before the light turns green?
So I'm taking karate classes online
Sommeliers are so ungrapeful, they just wine all day.
i get extremely offended and downright devastated when people say I dont handle criticism well
The person that named a blowjob a blowjob had one job, and they blew it.
I got into a fight with some guy on a moving staircase yesterday
Suicide is the last thing I'd ever do.
Someone who frequents escorts is a buy-sexual.
I havent heard any trick-or-treaters, knock on wood.
Everything is a smoke machine if you use it wrong enough.
I looked up the definition of "underwhelming" and found myself a little disappointed.
For those people who havent played darts blindfolded, you dont know what youre missing
My scientist buddy thinks that Bose-Einstein condensates are really cool, but they're pretty low on the scale to me.
I'm don't know the purpose of a mosquito, I just know it sucks
Those "women belong in the kitchen" jokes, I find them disgusting and unnecessary. If they must be in the kitchen, who the fuck will clean the living room?!
Why women don't refer to a heavy period as ellipses I'll never know.
People say the cemetery is cursed, but I've not seen a single ghost or ghoul in all the 136 years I've worked here!
Do you like Fishticks? Then I guess you must be a Gay Fish
Never trust an atom, they make up everything.
I thought becoming a comedian like my estranged dad would get us closer, but he didnt want to see one of his mistakes making one of his mistakes.
If you play a country album backwards a guys truck gets fixed, gets a girlfriend, and his dog coming back to life.
Netflix and chill more like boba and bang
My wife got mad at me because Im bad with directions so I packed up my stuff and right
Every room is an Escape room if you're drunk enough.
Most people have a 'coccyx', but I have a 'cock-seven'
What is it about watching cars drive around in a circle that makes people racists?
I just found out that Im colourblind. It came totally out of the purple
The semi-colon is the half-ass of punctuation; if you want the whole ass, you have to put a colon there
I want to start a professional hide and seek league, but good players are so hard to find.
I cant remember where I put my boomerang, Im sure it will come back to me.
im left-handed so my left arm is definitely not the right arm to break
I was lonely and looking for a bit of company, so I bought some stocks.
I'm not very good at following thr
I am once again back in the hospital for my Narcissism treatment. I always seem to check myself out.
I like self-deprecating humor but Im not very good at it
anorexic people are over eating
Naked people turn showers on
I tried to walk into a Target, but I missed
Everything the world makes is made in China except for the women I date
Kurt Cobain was all about expanding the mind, even right up to the end.
If anything could be in a room it could be people so people are things
People are things cuz if anything could be a room it could be people
I made a north Korean meal for my wife. Steak and french fries. This is not Korean she said. I said yes it is, sit still and stfu bitch.
My wife said she wanted me to tease her, I said "ok fatty."
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
The accident was terrible, he lost 2 limbs, and the medical bills cost an arm and a leg
My wife used to smoke after sex, so we started using lubricant.
Why do they call it chicken salad and not scrambled legs?
A friend once gave me an empty can of silly string. It was a gift with no string attached.
7 days of anal can make your hole week.
I stopped making jokes about short people once I realised that that's beneath me
When I escaped prison, the ugly security guard just screamed insecure
If birds without a beak take ocer the world it would be Impeccable
What do you call a fish that's questioning its sexuality? A rainbow doubt!
If you work at Microsoft you are using Microsoft office
New Car
Both of my feet are legends
Immortal? I wouldn't be caught dead being immortal.
I Was Kidnapped By Mimes
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
Reading Braille is just connecting the dots
I have been doing lines of Pepsi
Conjunctivitis.com... that's a site for sore eyes
Sorry but ever since I started a routine of jogging at midnight I have been running late.
I've never understood school shooting jokes. I guess they're aimed at a younger audience.
...and Australias' flavour of the month is: Natural Smoke BBQ...
Just had my photo taken with REM, thats me in the corner.
I just had my photo taken with REM.
I just got a letter, I just got a letter, I just got a letter I wonder- Oh, its a fucking bill.
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
Ever since I started to go out for a midnight job I have been running late.
As a short person, I get looked down on
All my Ex Machinas live in Texarkana
All of these capitalists are making some letters bigger than others
I used to work in a theatre, sadly the doctors just couldnt appreciate my acting skills.
People keep telling me my idea about a glue and rifle shop is stupid, but I'm sticking to my guns
"70% off!" means a great deal to me.
I love my dog and GF equally...
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. Ill let you know
People who have killed an odd number of people are much scarier than people who have killed an even number of people
Dont throw your life away in just any trash can cuz bums go thru the garbage and will find a use for you
Im on a low key diet; Im not telling anyone what Im eating
I confronted my Gardner about masterbating in my garden. Instead of giving a straight answer he started beating around the bush.
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
Anal sex isn't a 100% effective method of birth control... She can still give birth to an annoying little shit.
My wife is really good in bed. Whenever I ask her if she wants to have sex, she always says "I'm good".
This is not a sentence.
McDonalds tried adding filet mignon to their menu. It turned out to be a huge McSteak.
My grandad always used to say sticks and stones can break my bones but words could never hurt me ...until he fell into a printing press
I tried living like a blind person for a day but I couldnt see the point in it.
Braille really should've been called 'Blind Dots'.
My friend recently quit his job at the drink utensils factory, he marched himself into the bosses office and said That is the last straw!
I have a cat because it feels great to be kneaded.
Mitch Hedberg references are in the forever upvote position.
Frosty the snowman never consummated his marriage, but the first time she didnt have brain freeze they were both laid to sleep in a wet spot
When life gives you melons...
Sundays are always a little sad, but the day before is a sadder day..
The urge to sing the Lion Sleeps Tonight is only a whim away
Braille really should've been called 'Blind Spots'.
What did the blind man say when he walked past the fish market?
If God sneezes what should you say?
The only time the word "incorrectly" isnt spelled incorrectly is when its spelled incorrectly
What is your spouse up to? Social Media Hack
The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades
I entered 10 puns in a pun contest, hoping one would win, but no pun in ten did.
A blind person was eating seafood. It didnt help.
...
I was offered a job at the puppet factory, a 35 hour a week contract no strings attached.
I was going to tell you a joke about bad memory but I can't remember if I already told you it.
Ive started being a model for a silhouette drawing class, but I dont like their drawings, they always seem to show my dark side.
She fears commitment but I can't say I do.
She thinks I fear commitment but I can't say I do.
Depression is the weirdest stripper name. Then again I have heard that depression sucks.
Am I unpatriotic if I dont want to see Tom Brady win another Super Bowl?
I bought a new bike but I still need to pedal my old one.
What do you get when you combine a rhetorical question and a joke?
Thanks to the Higgs Boson, everything is a matter not to be taken lightly.
I just heard a woodpecker call me a paranoid twat in morse code
Next year on New Year's Day, we can all agree that 2020 is hindsight.
I'm not paranoid, but I'm sure there are people who think I am.
I didn't start liking contagious behaviour until I saw other people started liking it.
Potassium sends the bluntest text messages.
whats your greatest weakness that we are likely to find out about eventually?
If I want to learn facts about maternity does that make me a motherfacter?
I tried mountain biking once, but the ice started hurting my testicles.
I got a sea in sand sculpturing.
Parkour is about building success.
I'm burnin' through the sky, yeah! Un mtre et quatre-vingt centimtres; that's why they call me Mr. Foreign Height...
Say what you want about the deaf...
What is your spouse up to? Social Media Hack
Ahhhh, I remember 2019 like it was yesterday.....
This year I'm going to do Dry January and see if I can manage an entire month without any foreplay.
Ever since the New Year rang in, I'm beginning to see things so clearly.
What does it mean to be a translator?
My resolution for 2020 is 1080p.
My New Year's resolution is
if jesus can walk on water, can he swim on land? - Bo Burnham
I keep on telling myself one day I'll invent the
If you're here for the yodeling lesson, please form an orderly orderly orderly queue.
In Monte Carlo in 1975, Charlie Chaplin entered a "Charlie Chaplin lookalike contest" and came in your grandma.
The best place to hide during the zombie apocalypse would be Costco. Because you have everything you need to survive and the zombies cant get in because they dont have a membership.
I grew up just a stone's throw away from where that whole family died of mysterious head injuries.
If you can only read one letter does that make you alliterate?
I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it -Mitch Hedberg
I cant believe some countries have started their celebrations already. Dont they know New Years doesnt begin till midnight?
The best thing about this year is, after wearing glasses for so long, I can claim that this year I have 2020 vision.
If anyone has any advice on how to deal with plastic surgery gone wrong, I'm all ears
My vision is bad today, but tomorrow it'll be 2020.
Today I met a guy with as many noses as days in the year!
What is your spouse up to? Social Media Hack
So what if I dont know what Armageddon means? Its not the end of the world.
I need some plant science textbooks but I haven't botany yet
My new year's revolution is to go around the sun one time.
The world tongue-twister champion just got arrested. I hear theyre gonna give him a really tough sentence.
You thought I could never become a paperboy, but I got news for you.
Say what you want about the deaf...
Smurfs finally came up with their own wireless connection using gas exchange. Its called Bluetoots
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
pin the tail on the donkey is a real pain in the ass
Maybe the reason Jesus hasn't come back yet is he is scared of all the crosses everywhere.
Jesus died while cross dressing for your sins
Jesus died while cross dressing for ypur sins
I was dying to see Heaven, but it ended up being a Hell of a place.
I'll bet I'm more opposed to gambling than you are.
I thought you were the best looking guy here til I saw your shoes
speling nazi
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
People keep asking me what Im going to do next year, but I dont have 2020 vision.
Eat more rice - a billion Chinese can't be Wong.
I respect the right of anyone to disagree before I've perfected my mind control device
I'm trying to purchase an outdoor trampoline for the kids i emailed the company but it kept bouncing back
I was such an ugly baby that when my mom breastfed me, she used to close her eyes and think of other babies.
If a guy is addicted to masturbating but then gets addicted to sex, is it fair to say his addiction got out of hand?
I dated a girl that was so ugly that Bigfoot came out of the woods to take a picture of her.
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
If you're scared of pedophiles, grow up.
You know what they say about children, the first 29 years are the hardest.
Maybe paper straws aren't as good as plastic straws, but I'm gonna need you to stop complaining and suck it up.
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
When the Big Bang took place, nothing mattered.
Think about how much deeper the ocean would be if there were no sponges growing in it.
I was playing chess with my friend and he said, 'Let's make this interesting'. So we stopped playing chess.
When the assassin was hungry, the assassinate.
Owning a cemetery is a grave business
At the pet store saw beta fish crossed with bull fish, i asked my daughter what they were and she replied, "its de beta bull"
Without the big bang nothing matters
Id be more likely to hire a white man than a black man but thats just cuz more whites applied
My New Year's resolution is to give up gambling and I bet you a tenner I could do it in a month.
How do you get Piakchu on the bus? .................. You Poke him on!
What do they call their good dishes in China?
If you drink a root beer out of a square mug is it a beer?
Stop telling me to marry Christmas
Communist jokes aren't funny unless everyone gets them
I always go the extra mile, which is why I was fired from Uber.
Australians don't have sex, Australians mate.
The MCU won't be the same without Steve Rogers, no cap.
No matter how much you push the envelope it will still be stationary.
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacker for Hire
I got stuck doing the hokey pokey until I turned myself around.
My coworker said that I should get everyone in the office a gag gift, so I bought them all dildos... Now I have to explain this to HR.
If you die while ejaculating, you are both cumming and going.
You'd be jolly too, if you had a list of all the naughty girls and where they live.
Dying and coming back as a redneck is called "reintarnation."
I always try to learn from the mistakes of others who take my advice.
There's plenty of fish in the sea, but until I catch one, I'm stuck here just holding my rod.
I have a chicken proof lawn that's impeccable.
Really dirty
One bad thing about being invisible is that people can see right through you
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
Guys who are in to receiving anal are easy to peg.
Santa's helpers will never take over the North Pole because they have elf-esteem issues.
This christmas went to the nogs
Every year for Christmas I ask Satan to cure me of my dyslexia.
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
I'm having a Brexit Christmas dinner, no Brussels!
My doctor told me my chronic diarrhea is inherited. Runs in the family.
I removed IE for Damien today, and now he's like, "Damn!"
I can't wait to see my wife's face light up when she opens the fridge I got her for Christmas.
Its ok to think how fortunate your future will be comes from cookies but think it comes from cakes and youre nuts
I like my girls like how I like my gravy
My girlfriend wanted me to tease her... I said, "Alright, Fatty!"
May 2020 bring clear vision to all of us. Cheers!
From the moment I met her I knew shed be a keeper
The blind have a bumpy road ahead of them
My eyelids are on the blink again!
2019 was an odd year, but hopefully things will even out in 2020.
The worst moment of my marriage is when my wife told me she had been cheating; it totally ruined family board game night. So did her new boyfriend Kyle.
My New Year's resolution is going to be 1080p.
Had to say goodbye to my cat who climbed into the woodchipper. He is truly mist.
If I had a grain of salt for every time I took things with a grain of salt, I'd have a lot of things and salt
I can't name any nouns.
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
I really appreciated my African zoology class because I then knew new gnu facts.
I lost my left arm in surgery, the doctor thought it was right. Now I just wiggle around like a worm.
Who knows, maybe global warming gets solved by causing a nuclear winter.
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
My new year's revolution is to learn how to spell.
"I see," said the blind carpenter as he picked up his hammer and saw.
There is no gravity, the earth sucks.
Super chicken is a capon with a cape on.
Before you judge me, please know that I run a very tight shipwreck.
Imagine a world without hypotheticals
People who consider themselves funny, huh, jokes on you!
Cleaning a diaper is as easy as beating the shit out of it
My Viagra pill got stuck in my throat and now I have a stiff neck.
I used to cheat at golf but now I play the fairway.
People with diarrhea can't keep their shit together.
79% of accidents happen at home; good news for the homeless.
Booby trap sounds like something you would use to catch a pervert
The key to a successful geography book store is location location location
Mark mark! Said the hair-lip dog.
Denial is not a River that runs through Egypt
Orchestras play an instrumental role at concerts
If Prince Andrew ascended to the Throne he would be known as the Lion King.
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
Sweeping generalisations are never, ever accurate
My family keeps asking me why I want an axe for Christmas and I just tell them "You'll find out."
A dog limps into the sheriff and yells "Sheriff! Come quick! They shot my paw!"
If we cloned a billion Pennywise clowns and sent them to Mars with shovels, would it be terrorforming?
People that tell you how to live your life should go travelling or something.
Triscuit: healthy crackers for healthy crackers
Look up in the sky, theres enough space for more than 1 Star.
Oh crap I forgot my twin brothers birthday
I heard a geography joke the other day, but you had to be there
I once wrote the opposite of right and left it somewhere, I didn't remember where.
I just drank a fifth of vodka, if anyone wants the rest of the bottle, let me know.
The diabetes made him angry though you'd think it would make him sweet
This winter is colder than my crush's heart.
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
If your parents never had children, chances are neither will you.
When I first heard about 23 &amp; Me...
when life gives you lemons, you probably just found lemons
I went to a greyhound track for the first time yesterday, but my bus didn't win.
It's funny when broke bitches sing "7 Rings".
If you're ever trapped under the snow, try not to panic... just sit there and chill.
I like to consider myself to be a thoughtful person, but I try not to think about it.
I am a very tall midget.
I once saw a live performance of death metal.
*asking the ref 'How long?' during the minute silence *
I am the most humble person I know.
Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia is not what I'm suffering from.
Just because you can, doesn't mean you should.
I go to the gym religiously, about twice a year around the holidays
Gods are the Master Race
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
My girlfriend said she's not excited to go to the orgy, but I bet she's well pumped.
In a noisy and crowded bar a Roman guy raises his hand and holds up two fingers and yells to the bartender five beers please 
I hate how kleptomaniacs take things literally...
Double foot amputee bigots: lack toes intolerant
Shout-out to my self-aware friends - you know who you are
Nobody ever believes me, but everyday when I wake up my body tells me I'm full of shit.
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
Jokes about white sugar are rare but brown sugar - Demerara....
Shout out to the people who dont know the opposite of in
I ate undercooked Mediterranean yesterday, and now I falafel!
The reason gay men are always outsiders is because they're never inside her
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
Approaching the New Year and I've got 20/20 vision
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
I used to be indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.
If you had a time machine you could take someone back before it was illegal to kill and admit it and only get a kidnapping charge
Hostage or notsometimes its just nice to be held.
My kinky GF wants to put glitter on my testicles, but I think that's pretty nuts.
When life gives you melons, you're probably dyslexic...
When the doctors told me I was bi-polar, I wasnt sure if I should laugh or cry.
Masturbation is like procrastinationits all good fun until you realize youre just fucking yourself.
Elitist sports teams. If you cant join them, beat them.
Pro-Lifers are really Procreation.
Floppy disks are like Jesus- they died to become the icon of saving.
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
I wouldn't be caught dead with a necrophiliac
If a burger is served on a plane, can it still be considered ground beef?
Baby goats are just kidding around.
Build a man a fire and he'll be warm for a few hours
Its so sad that a family can get torn apart by something as simple as a pack of wild dogs...
Masturbating in public is a wristy business
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
I heard there was a strike at the bowling alley.?
Paul and John get credit for the success of the Beatles as songwriters but dont forget that George wrote something.
The opposite of peeter is poopter.
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
All gas is laughing gas if youre on the right side of the door
You cease to exist the second you see your reflection with a cigar in your mouth. Because then its all smoke and mirrors.
I asked a North Korean friend how it was there; he said he couldn't complain.
I dont do CrossFit, but when I smoke weed, I like to clean &amp; jerk- not necessarily in that order.
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
Never have gotten along with hairdressers, we just don't gel.
India broke free of British rule on the 15th of August, 1947, a day henceforth known as Hindupendence Day.
I'm done with this salad, waiter, please take away the romaines.
Going to pay an outstanding debt to a marine biologist friend. Taking him the sick squid I owe him.
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
When I needed a hand I found a paw..
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacker for Hire
My hidden talent is hidden so perfectly that I havent found it yet
Drug addiction hotlines are for quitters.
I don't need Jesus cuz I died for my own sins
If I founded a Catholic Church, I would call it Christ Mass.
What I Like
To the guy who invented zero, thanks for nothing!
"No pain, no gain" is a terrible motto for a dentist.
I'm a big believer in good food.
Having faith is not reasonable.
Have faith in your ability to choose reason over faith
Crushing up and snorting coffee beans is where I draw the line.
A pirate walks into a bar and it was at that moment that he realized that his patch was on the wrong eye.
So whats the deal with airplane food?
Hey just remember, your mood never means doom, unless its spelled backwards
A Bundt cake is best utilized when trying to get your other cakes into scoring position.
To be fair, I should stay out of the sun
I havent slept for 10 days, because that would be too long.
When losing your train of thought, its wise not to be standing on the tracks.
People who have Leo sunsign, are August company
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacking Service
I'm indecisive; change my mind...
q uo poq  nq   s  s s
The most convenient time to add insult to injury is when youre signing someones cast.
Ha
RIP Juice WRLD but tbh itll always be a Jews world.
I'm this close on becoming a limo driver chauffeur so good
I dont have a girlfriend, I just know a girl who would get really mad if she heard me say that.
I was told I had Type A blood but later discovered it was a typo.
Santa's often depicted wearing glasses. Do you think he flies south for his eye care, or does he have his own elfthalmologist?
Statistically, the average person only has one testicle.
There's no "U" in "corporation".
My life as a pessimist was a failure.
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacker for Hire
Americans wealth distribution is like an internet download where the last 1% takes more than the previous 99% combined.
Police were not able to get any information from the Italian they handcuffed.
I met a Pirate that was so flexible he could sit on his chest
Oh Chemistry oh Chemistry
Dissolution is a problem.
Dont put off until tomorrow what you can give up on forever today
Social Media Hack - Professional Hacker for Hire
Im an equal opportunity farmer. Broccoli lives matter.
I saw a sign that read 'Give Blood' and thought 'Yeah, that'll freak the kids out on Christmas morning'.
I wanted to wear my new sunglasses to work, but my boss Ray, banned them.
69 days equals 6 days over 9 weeks.
A kitchen basin is knocking on the door. Let that sink in.
All women I have ever dated ended up saying that I was a terrible lover after we broke up. I could expect that from every single one of them except for my sister.
The only way to have a Facebook friend is to be one
Not mine
The person who coined "one hit wonder" probably didn't come up with any other popular phrases.
Communist jokes are only good when you share them with everyone.
I like to let my phone's battery die because on it's last percent I put on smooth jazz till death - it's the kinda peace the makers of it would enjoy having.
When I die, I hope I am cremated so I can come back as my wife and leave me alone.
My friend bout a candle for 250. He has more money than scents.
Im looking for a new personal trainer. The last one didnt work out.
About a month before he died my uncle had his back covered in lard. After that, he went downhill fast.
Home is where you hang your @.
Early to rise and early to bed makes someone healthy but socially dead!
I dont think orphans should have a last name. Whats the point of family name with no family.
Social Media Hack - Your job done first
I thought it was a booger
Im only friends with people that have autism because I dont want to make eye contact either.
I have such bad memory I was gonna make a joke about it and I lost my train of thought
What is your spouse up to this season? Expose cheating partner
If it doesnt have a tail its not a monkey.
Knock knock Mike who? My kinda town Chicago is....
My grandfather had alzheimers and one day we were
58.37% of statistics are carefully executed using recent research.
Welcome to daydreaming thera
Judge god lest ye be judged by someone who knows he wont be judged
It's easy to cure all diseases if you count humans as a disease
Get right of shredded cheese. Make America grate again.
Get the best of it
114% of all statistics are exaggerated
42.63% of all statistics are made up on the spot
Only problem with earplugs is that you cant hear anything
My Christian friend told me sex between two men is wrong in their eyes. I told him youre quite right, its supposed to be up the bum
I saw this book about anti gravity, I couldn't put it down...
"Why don't we agree to disagree?" is just a polite way of saying, "Go f*ck yourself."
All the money I give to my insurance guy and he has the audacity to call himself 'broker'.
The irony of an Egyptian woman having a miscarriage is the tomb is inside the mummy.
Professional Hacker for Hire
I wanted to make a joke about Alzheimer's but I forgot it
I just came to the realization that I developed a fetish for figuring things out
If only the inventor of terrorism had patented it they could have raised the price
Dyslexia
Earning a living wage isnt easy with disabilities. Im friends with a dwarf struggling to put food on the table.
Unsharpened pencils are pointless
Why get high when you can hit a brand new low every day?
The tooth fairy also collects kidney stones
I made a bicycle just by folding up some paper. It's a stationary bike.
There must be a lot of fake estate agents for the other ones to assure us they're real.
.
Get great deals on religious men for Cyber Monkday.
Serious jobs alone, Expose any cheating partner. Contact to make inquiries
Where's my road map training course?
I am drawn to the mysteries of life, but I cannot say why?
I lost my head while trying to find my feet.
This oneline from Sleepaway camp is a gem:
It's been a while, Tom said, disturbed.
Bet you cant guess my favorite new wave band, said Tom adamantly.
I can take all my clothes, pile them to the ceiling then take off my shoes and jump over them.
The easiest way to tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile, is to pay attention to who who you see later, and who you see in a while.
As a cop I let ppl get away with stuff like I didn't turn myself in for impersonating an officer
The arms dealer walked up to the blackjack table and said I hear you're looking to deal some hands
What happens if you spill carpet cleaner?
The church was happy when the atheist became sexually attracted to god cuz at least then he believed
The last Thing I remember is Thing Two
Anyone know where I can buy counterfeit money?
"That was a bad chainsaw accident", Tom said offhandedly.
I saw hemp shampoo at the supermarket, this weed shits going to yalls head
I stubbed my toe, but on the other hand...haha... I got you!
If you like coal so much, take mine.
A big-breasted lobster at a dirty bus stop is just a busty crustacean at a crusty bus station.
You can contact if you suspect any cheating partner
Whenever Reese eats soup, she's Reese With her spoon.
"I'm using a different font," said William boldly.
"I need an injection!" Jerry pleaded in vain.
"This soup is homemade," Kristen said uncannily.
"I can take a picture if I want to!" Todd snapped.
"I renewed my subscription," Andrew remembered
"The exit is right there," Kayla pointed out.
"I swear I didn't look!" Larry peeped.
"The door is ajar," Chris said openly.
"It just doesn't add up," said Rachel, nonplussed.
"Just add a tiny bit of water," said Paul with great concentration.
"I only have diamonds, clubs and spades," said Bob heartlessly.
"Hmm, I guess this is a gym," Andy worked out.
"I need a pencil sharpener," Jack said bluntly.
"We'll have to rehearse that," said the undertaker as the coffin fell out of the car.
"I want my money back plus more," Barbra said with interest.
"Man, I just love hot dogs," said Luke with relish.
If a blind prostitute tells you that you're the biggest she's ever felt, she might be pulling your leg.
The dark side of the moon is a timeless album.
It's hard to make fun of transgender people these days, there are no two ways about it.
My favourite meal to serve is d inner.
I'm so tired of buying my wife a diamond ring everytime I want to kiss her.
This gravity joke is getting a bit old, but I fall for it every time
Onions make me sad.
I have multiple personality disorder, but then again, so do I.
I tried to make a chemistry joke the other day but got no reaction.
Suspected cheating partner - Professional Hacker for Hire
Microwaves tend to wash up on tiny beaches.
I used to have a cross-eyes teacher that just couldn't control his pupils.
I broke my finger, but on the other hand I'm fine.
Nothing is as effective as homeopathy.
"I have multiple personalities," said Carl, being frank.
When it comes to priorities, page headers are at the top.
Fuck asexuality!
[NSFW] What does a drummer and a compulsive masturbator have in common?
I used to be friends
Carl Otis Lutz
How many Millennials are in a Fortnight?
Stillborn
my proctologist was rude so I told him stop being a dick
Bring a condom and a barf bag
Breastfeeding is draining
Happy Thanksgiving, or as the natives call it, smallpox awareness day!
Communism jokes arent funny unless everyone gets them
Normal people are weird.
I tell people I'm a millionaire even though I'm worthless.
Changing of passwords then you should know something is wrong - Cheating partner
Some turkeys are too dangerous to be pardoned
My wife bore my children
Puns make me numb, but math puns make me number
I would tell a Casey Anthony joke, but my mom would kill me.
Theres a fine line between me and your child a condom
Bad spellers, Untie!
Being a pedophile is so easy, some people would say that it's child's play.
In Europe, Bigfoot is called Bigmeter
The cool thing about ordering online is you never wait on line.
Anyone ever get tired and try to water splash youre face but then you realize you have bad grammar.
First post on r/oneliners -Enjoy
I attended Dr. Frankenstein's TED talk hoping to make some friends.
The difference between an alcoholic and a drunk is staggering.
The first rule of vegans should be the same as Fight Club
People write congrats because they can't spell congrajlashins.
Julius Scissor
I googled cigarette lighter and got 2000 matches.
Call me Jill because I'm fucking jacked
Ill sell my broken watch when the time is right.
Whatever doesn't kill you should give me back my 26,000 dollars.
What doesnt kill the taxpayer makes the government stronger
I asked my friend if its difficult dealing with his chronic priapism. He said, its always hard.
Everyone on earth is running around with no life since no one can respawn
If life gives you melons you might be dyslexic
People only see my chick blush but no one see my dick blush
During a nuclear explosion, there is a certain distance of the radius where all the frozen supermarket pizzas are cooked to perfection.
At the College Of Stealth I took a class on how to fart silently
How come when its us, its an abortion, and when its a chicken, its an omelette?
Heres another question I have. How come when its us, its an abortion, and when its a chicken, its an omelette?
A blind man walks into a bar...and a table, and a chair
I went to a diner in Maine &amp; ordered a quesadilla. The waiter said "sorry, but we don't sell deer by the case"
(Gotta read out loud) you can't to go a dinah Maine and just order a quesadilla, they'll say "we don't sell deer by the case"
I'm very tired and want to rent a restroom
Someone asked me what my occupation was. I said I never got that far because I was always pre-occupied.
If this vans a rockin dont come a cock blockin
Im at the point in my life where both my emergency contacts are blocked.
Trump is a dumb mans idea of a smart man, a poor mans idea of a rich man, and a weak mans idea of a strong man.
Quiz puns
My wife keeps calling me a hypochondriac. It's like she doesn't even care I sprained my uterus.
Better in the bathroom, then in the staff room
Knowing how to communicate in sign language would be quite handy.
In total, your kills and Hitler's kills are over 6 million.
If you take cocaine more than once per sitting, you don't belong in this subreddit
Cleanjokes
Autocorrect
I started taking Viagra. It makes it hard thinking about women.
I hate German sausages, they're the wurst
When Obama was elected the kkk said, "these are dark times indeed my friends".
My wife and I decided to spell bad words out so our kids don't learn them, so during our family supper last night l told her "honey, we should S-T-O-P saying 'shit' in front of the kids."
Humans don't have forelegs because we don't have four legs.
People like to talk smack about American politicians, but the truth is, we have the best politicians that money can buy.
Vouching
Reddit goes down more than my auntie at New Years
Who is this Rorschach guy and why does he keep drawing pictures of my parents having sex?
iTouch Kids: the Apple product that never made it past marketing.
Suppositories are a pain in the butt.
Dyslexic man walks into a bra
Harry Charound walks into a bar and asks, "Is Jack Reacher round? I heard he was looking for Harry Charound."
Don't take life seriously; nobody gets out alive anyways.
I don't like being asked "paper or plastic?". Both make it harder to see during sex.
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
People who believe they are one with the universe are virgins cuz sex with anyone is masturbation
I'm such a good ventriloquist I'm the voice in people's heads
I'm such a good ventriloquist I make people think they have voices in their heads
The more you tell ppl ur not gay the more they think u r so I often tell ppl I'm not rich
I have never seen anything that was censored
Expose cheating partner
If I had a dollar every time I got shit-faced I'd go to the bar
One day
Is is possible to take epidermis from one person's buttocks and graft it to another? Arse skin for a friend.
From what I've been told I'm easily influenced.
There is a fine line between the numerator and denominator.
Last year my wife and I took a trip around the world, but this year we want to go someplace different.
I tried to change my password to 'penis' but they said it was too short.
People with crooked penises are fucking twisted.
I didn't like my visit to the virgin whore house. I had a tough time fitting in.
I'm inconsistent, but only sometimes.
Do they really bite coins to make Bitcoins?
You can not spell advertisements with out semen between the tits.
Sure, when a girl sucks dick its hot but when its a guy, suddenly its gay
"She'll Be Comin' Around the Mountain" would be a pretty different song if you replaced "horses" with "cowboys".
This really sweaty guy tried to fight me, so I took him to the cleaners.
You ever forget that tardy means late?
"Hardened criminal" is just another way of saying sex offender.
What did Michael J Fox's dad say when he passed is driving test?
There's a fine line between me and any fish that I'm reeling in.
Why are Americans are terrible at track and field? Because these colors don't run.
You either die a zoomer or live long enough to become a boomer
Why am I the only naked person at this gender reveal party?
I cant believe the fired me at the clock factory after all the extra hours I put in.
Benjamin Button was born in the 80s.
The financial crisis is so bad that women are actually starting to marry men for love.
This food is so cold I almost frostbit my tongue
Avoiding dark souls comparisons is the dark souls of discussing video games
I tried scheduling a Psoriasis Support Group meeting, but everyone flaked on me.
I bought some anti-poop glasses, but now I can't see shit.
Shouldn't a condom be called a stopcock?
Whats the secret to comedy timing?
I had a dream I weighed less than a gram! I was like 0mg!
Just in case
I thought of a joke about hydrocarbons, but I don't think it'll crack you up.
I was born at a very young age.
Reunions are really old school.
Im not a cat person but if I were Id probably land on my feet more often.
Read red reds and read red reds are two different sentences
My pale friend loves to tan, cos not doing so feels like a sin.
The average person is really mean
"I have a split personality," said Tom, being frank.
I believe that the word vaouweils should always be spelled with all of the vaoeweilys, but sometimes with Y.
Software errors really bug me.
Give a man a duck, and he'll eat for a day. Teach a man to duck, and he'll never walk into a bar.
You all might not think mountains are funny, but I think they are hill areas.
Taking muscle relaxers makes you weak
My Chinese friend got really sick one day and had to go to a hospital. I went to see him the next day, but he just kept whispering Chun Yu Yan over and over  and then died. I was very sad and googled his last message after the burial. Apparently, it means Youre standing on my oxygen tube.
A human cannonball can't be replaced because it's hard to find someone of that caliber
After publicly performing the first scientifically measured miracle, the politician was fired to keep church and state separate
What do you call a group of invisible country dancers with straight teeth? Invisiline-dancers
For everyone, there will be a One up.
Copenhagen tobacco stocks took a dip last night.
Math textbook: There are 2800 employees in Mr. Novk's company. The female to male ratio is 1:3. How many of each gender are there? Me: The solution worth an American university is accusing Mr. Novk of sexism for not having equal representation
I'd like to shout out to the people who don't know what the opposite of in is...
I bought a catfish the other day
Whoever invented the knock knock joke should get a no-bell prize.
Yime flies so fast that it's almost as if it time travels
The sketchy salesman said it was just a pretty pillow case, but I knew it was a sham.
Hearing voices in your head is normal. Listening to them is quite common. Arguing with them  acceptable. It is only when you lose that argument that you get in real trouble.-Unknown
A grocers has no right to complain about sampling grapes when they keep putting seeded in the unseeded bags/section.
Dear Math, please grow up and solve your own problems, I'm tired of solving them for you.
I just really want a girl with Stockholm syndrome
Everytime I check myself in my dealers mirror I cross a line
I requested a brochure from a hearing aid company and I haven't heard anything yet.
Climbing walls are built to scale.
#NNN
Prison walls are never built to scale.
They don't call me buster for nuttin'
Why do German girls always say their age during sex?
My drinking problem is I only have 1 mouth
My drinking problem is only have 1 mouth
My paraplegic neighbor offered me some carrots from his garden, but I have no use for vegetables.
Got more friends than you can shake a stick at? Why not become a conductor.
ads are Human bait
If you call a tactical hotline do you speak with an operator?
Beautiful girls without boyfriend are more attractive 
Jokes about German sausages are the wurst
I'm not growing a mo' for Movember... Guess what I'm growing for Dickcember...
When I disagreed with my friend in his property line dispute he pouted, whose side are you on?
When I was a lumberjack, if I saw a tree I cut it down.
Thank God I'm an atheist
Cheating is just surprise polygamy.
Piss on drug testing.
Oh The Cranberries, that's my jam!
Looking for an expert at sisting cuz my last sister quit
If your kid thinks school is boring theyre probably not an honor student but a yawner student
The holiest thing to the beaver is the god dam
If you're sitting on the bus or train, and don't want anyone to take the seat next to you, keep sniffing your finger and making "hmmm" sounds.
Shout out to the people asking what the opposite of in is.
Don't forget today is Alzheimer's awareness day!
A lobbyist for diarrhea just walked up and said, Are you shitting me!?!?
An old lizard looked me dead in the eye and said, iguana tell you a bad joke.
Fact: Homophobia is now the big gay
God believes in affirmative action so of 2 equally evil people race decides which goes to hell
Last time I was someone's type, I was donating blood.
Jimmy Neutron
People with ADHD should be sent to concentration camps
Asexuals are fucking rare.
I'm the world's most unique person.
Slicing the salami can be dangerous at a nudist deli counter
An introverts internet probably goes out more than they do
If you are more of an asshole than the biggest asshole on Earth, that's one way to become an astronaut
You can't tell puns to kleptomaniacs because they take everything literally
a musican was raping abot how he dusnt beleve in silent leters
He who laughs last, probably didn't get the joke
The only chance that I have of losing 15 pounds is by going to a British casino.
I used to work at a company run by midgets, but I quit because my paycheck was always short.
Skool daze ver gr8
Boomer rang, told me to call back soon
I couldn't watch the twins perform in the big tops because it was two in tents.
I am, by far, the humblest person on this thread.
If a vegetable was killed, would it be called a decabbagetation?
"Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand."  Kurt Vonnegut
As a spiritual dyslexic, I've made room for dog in my life.
Im a scientist researching bestiality between humans and dogs, so if any of you have any questions for me, you'll find me in my lab.
I managed to contact the spirit of our window washer by using a Squeegee board.
Kearning is the difference between click and dick.
After a medical checkup, I got a second opinion from my astrologer, he agrees, it is cancer.
Books without figurative languages...ah, nothing compares.
Combined, Jeff Bezos and I have a net worth over $100 billion.
The interaction of matter with futons results in mass deceleration.
Why are boot and foot pronounced differently... Who tripped up on that?
Disappointed, but not surprised, I was once again the only one at Solipsists Anonymous.
My Vietnamese friend said he wanted to open up a restaurant. I told him to go pho it.
Im hoping someone will tell me when my days of acting in pantomime are behind me.
I had to quit my job as a shoe salesman, it just wasn't a good fit.
Your past and future can deceive you, but your present is always in the know
Men of reddit, laughing: "It's no nut November!" Incels: "Hold my tears."
As you joined this job we know your final resting place is the last place you rested cuz you never will again
Every Sunday millions of men put their dick in a hole in a church along with the rest of their body going in the door
A conga line is a sole train.
Don't have phone sex,you could get hearing aids
If someone identifies as "unworthy-other", it would be disrespectful to respect that.
Never read a pop-up book about giraffes.
What if an amnesiac got Alzheimer's?
Y'know, the difference between Marvel and Game of Thrones is a Stark contrast.
I only like tables periodically
Cogito ergo sum but incognito ergo cum
My blind spot is my guide; it's always spot-on
Did you know vampires are not real? Unless you Count Dracula
Theres a fine line between hyphenated words..
Last night, I gave my wife an orgasm, and she spat it back in my face.
My record for no nut November, i just beat it
I just got out of the navy. Want to see my discharge?
Serial killers love the sound of a mans laughter.
I was a trapeze artist but I was let go
I'm not the type of person that likes to be categorized.
The Joker is a clown ass movie.
Even a Trash Can
Inequality for all
When a girl buttdials me, I'm allowed to think of that as a booty call, right?
I'm not saying my wife will leave me for a farmer but John Deeres a tractor.
I have a close friend who really likes to wear camo, I haven't seen him in years.
A mini skirt is like a fence in that they both protect the property but dont spoil the view.
Apparently, theres an ate foot shark on the loose in Australia.
There's only two types of people that like gemstones, gay people and gypsies
Candidates are like regular dates, just sweeter.
Have you ever realized that almost half of all Americans is torso?
I don't like it when my girlfriend sells herself short, which is why I suggest that she wears high heels.
If I saw relay runners holding a palpebra stick, I wouldn't baton eyelid.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A guy getting no cellphone signal at all walks into a bar...
I once witnessed a chronic masturbator set a world record for the longest wank session. I seriously couldn't believe that he pulled it off.
All dog teeth are canines.
My friend Jay recently had twin girls and wanted to name them after him, so I suggested Kaye and Elle.
I hate it when i see an old person and then realize i went to high school with them.
I cant remember the last time my memory was this bad.
My girlfriend hates it when I condescendingly say "Thanks, mom." Especially after she wipes my butt for me.
You want your wedding to go well, but not without a hitch.
There are three kinds of people in this world, those who are good at math and those who aren't.
There are three kinds of people in this world. Those who are good at math and those who aren't.
I was wondering why the ball kept getting bigger, and then it hit me.
If Jesus is the answer, how did I fail my drug test?
A resident at a nursing home I worked at urinated on himself, and Im telling you, he was pissed off!
Castration takes balls
I heard about a memory enhancement medicine, but I can't remember the name of it.
If my memory gets any worse, it'll be as bad as I can ever remember.
The color blue.
[Meta] This subreddit could be great to try and translate jokes!
Shout out to the people wondering what the opposite of in is
The music teacher got irritated because her students kept passing notes.
Arson has always been a hot thing to do.
I dont masturbate; even my standards arent that low.
I used to have a pornography problem, but I just beat it.
Never trust a fart.
I'd kill to win the Nobel Peace Prize!
I was friends with a drug once. They gave me some good lines
I wonder if everyone is good at parallel parking in a parallel universe.
Our dog really digs our new backyard.
In rugby, why do they call it a try if you've succeeded?
Samson was a biblical tough guy, but his dad Samsonite was even more of a hard case.
Most people are shocked when they find out how incompetent I am as an electrician.
With the rise of self-driving vehicles, it's only a matter of time before we get a emo song where a guy's truck leaves him too.
100 kiloPascals go into a Bar.
I don't want my ideas to trickle up, I want my virtues to trickle down
Santa's sack is so large because he only comes once a year
After eating a foal my voice got a little horse
Whats the difference between a chickpea and a lentil?
Hearing Blink 182 on classic rock radio has me wondering 'what's my age again?'.
If I get Twins Aborted, Is It Two For The Price Of One?
When in sales, sell yourself first
I'm sorry Satan but I have a doctor's note for why I can't get my skin hotter than 1000 degrees
Why are we not allowed to eat play-doh but we are allowed to eat vegan yogurt?
The research assistant, studying the effects of THC on shorebirds, was quite thorough in his duties - in fact he left no tern unstoned.
If you don't believe in superstition, bad things happen.
Why is it called Paris Fashion Week instead of French dressing?
Light travels faster than sound. That's why some people appear bright until you hear them speak
The surface on Venus is like hell on earth...wait.
My wife told me to stop behaving like a Flamingo so I had to put my foot down.
Want to join the wee-wee club? Your in!
Until this month I thought Pumpkin Spice was the fat Spice Girl.
"I don't think I can absorb light," he reflected.
If women suddenly disappeared off the face of the Earth, it would be a pain in the ass
Parallel lines have so much in common, its a shame theyll never meet
I'm so addicted to eating frozen thanksgiving dinners that I need to quit cold turkey
French people only eat one egg for breakfast because it's un oeuf.
Sinners pray to God who preys on them
Getting an erection is kind of a dick move.
The cacophonous rotary device is lubricated.
I guess we'll never know who invented pseudonyms.
Ran a marathon in shoes that were half a size too small and came last, nothing worse than the pain of defeat.
Don't know much about remembering song lyrics.
To celebrate Weird Al Yankovics birth, I will sing him Happy Burp-day.
Walking out of the hardware store with some washers I thought, ah nuts, I forgot something again!
Murderous physic midget on the run from police, small medium at large
Only dudes with a giant penis can upvote this.
The wife said stop singing oasis lyrics or Im leaving. I said maybe
An eye for an I will make the whole world blnd
My obsession with high visibility emergency signals is flaring up
The other day I told a chicken to cross the road and she replied "Why?".
My girlfriend is obsessed with collecting Beatles albums, she needs Help.
My friend lost his nerve on a challenging rock climb, so I told him to get a grip.
No one would help me with threaded fasteners at Lowes so I just bolted.
I dropped eye drop.
I spent my whole life expending the company, then it folded up one day
Rappin' Rodney Dangerfield Full LP Rip
I'm a big fan of aposiopesis, and I also
I gotta stop being so hard on myself, cause Im as smart as every other dipshit out there.
Thank you, come again is a great sign to put at the exit of a brothel.
I tried a new dairy product today and its seriously the breast milk Ive ever had.
You lose your nose virginity when someone else picks it
My girlfriend threatened to leave me over my 'weird fetishes', to which I said "fine... Just slam my cock in the door on your way out."
Having big balls
My husband says Im the most beautiful woman hes ever met, though he forgot to mention Im the only woman hes ever met.
The good thing about having a micropenis is that you could walk around with a boner all day and nobody would notice.
I smoke weed in all kinds of weather, but, I just dont in hail.
I once fell during a trust fall. I really let myself down. Now I'll never trust myself again.
Procrastinators can steal clocks
Ill read the definition of the word 'procrastination' a bit later.
I didn't choose the thug life. The thug life didn't choose me either
Buttcrack and asphalt are synonyms.
I ate a weed brownie earlier today and cooked a pizza at 15 degrees for 400 minutes.
Undercover bee dies in sting operation
I went to the Sex Museum today. Apparently there was an exhibit on the g-spot but I couldn't find it...
I have a really intense phobia of negative numbers. I'll stop at nothing to avoid them.

My sexual orientation is straighter than the pole your dad dances for me on.
I'm so awesome I don't even know how awesome I am
My math teacher called me average, wich was very mean.
I'm giving up for Lent.
Honk if you think geese can understand you!
If a blind girl says she can see herself with you, ask her how.
Clever Romans
We choose to masturbate, not because it is easy, but because it is hard.
Why does my navel sound like an asshole?
"one man's trash is another man's treasure" is a great quote, but it's a horrible way to tell your kid that they're adopted.
What are clams so happy about?
I'd give my left arm to be ambidextrous
My doctor said I have a bladder infection, urine trouble, I thought to myself.
Ah, the Nobel Peace Prize... I'd kill to win that.
Why does my navel sounds like an asshole?
a male virgin is someone whose dick has slid through a pussy just once
If "virgin" Mary didn't feel it if I impregnated her, I wouldn't brag about it
A website where you can ask questions about bongs: Ask Geebs
Shout out to all the people who don't know the opposite of in
A website where you can ask questions about drugs: Ask Jeebs
All information circulars are rectangular.
I offered to give up my seat to a lady, but apparently chivalry is not appreciated in ladies restrooms. Who knew?
Telling your partner about your bukkake fetish is one way to end up in a sticky situation
I went to the men's asylum at the nudist colony and I gotta tell you, they're all nuts.
A dairy cow that doesn't produce milk is utterly useless.
I recently swapped my bed for a trampoline. Wife hit the roof.
I was caught in the middle of a riot involving over 100 naked men. It was completely nuts.
Why is it called bra and not booby trap?
If someone could just reverse the process of making wine, then that would be grape.
If straight and gay are opposites, then if you're straight the opposite sex is gay
I had sex with her but I didn't like it so I gave it back
English teachers in East L.A. are building young minds one essay at a time.
If you want to work for a company that makes moisturiser, the best thing to do is to apply daily.
I said "It feels like rain ..." after I got hit with the sprinkler.
Why is it called hereditary depression and not blue genes?
Bear grylls steak
Why is it called car repair and not autocorrect?
Accordion to a recent survey, replacing words with the names of musical instruments in a sentence often goes undetected.
Haha well it's like my dad always said, .
start making america great again in south america
Before my surgery, my anesthetist offered to knock me out with gas or a boat paddle. It was an ether/oar situation.
digbickqt
Grab women by the hand
I named my iPod titanic because it was syncing.
Why is it called veterinarian and not dogtor?
I want to get a brain transplant, change my mind.
Why is it called foot falling asleep and not coma toes?
Call these hoes the blue shell cause they only want me when I'm 1st
The male tree is easily distinguishable from the female tree due to its woodpecker
Why is it called lawn fertilizer instead of grassoline?
According to the law, the Queen of England cannot sit on a foreign throne. Does that mean the throne of Porcelain is off limits?
Why is it called erectile dysfunction instead of ballzheimer's?
If you want a communist society then Soviet.
If you want holy water just burn the Hell out of it
My family celebrates Columbus day by breaking into our neighbors house and discovering their furniture.
Canada day is just a made up holiday designed to sell more Canada.
I am getting more and more disconnected,and I am not even a wifi.
If one rock is a stone, are two rocks a stwo?
I think all guys can agree that condoms really suck dick
I used to fail in history because i believe in forgetting the past and look for a better future. :)
My parents named me Arthur so that everything I created would be a work of Art
Let's be so avant-garde nobody gets it.
I asked Siri why I was still single, so she turned on the front camera.
I keep an adolescent male chicken in my gun holster. It's half cocked
Theres nothing that quite divides people like explosions.
Why is it called the Illiad instead of Troy Story?
Why are they called Diabetic Foot Ulcers and not Diafeeties?
Why is it called fast food if you cant eat it in the fast?
A sheep walks into a Barrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
you cant fire me for thinking Im better than others cuz thats my religious belief
Would like to share my oneliner about the tropical birds who got stuck together, but it's toucan fusing.
Every meal can be a meal for one, if you believe in yourself.
I took a test to see if I had a kidney stone. I passed it.
I tried to play football in a STD clinic and the only thing I caught was Gonorrhea.
I'm a bit worried that one of my balls is bigger than the other two.
My flights are always cheap because all my baggage is emotional
I turned on the god mode cheat in a game then found myself holding a pen sketching some of the games artwork before it was built
I was sitting drinking coffee in my slippers this morning, when I thought to myself, I really need to wash some mugs.
My husband makes me late for everything, especially my period.
People who commit suicide should get the death penalty.
Thor is the god of lightning but China is the god of censoring
You would think after getting poop on your nose two or three times you would stop using toilet paper to blow it.
I find it strange how everyone suddenly cares about straws killing dolphins because they've been breaking camels' backs for years.
Make sure you handle angry redheads gingerly.
Everybody knows you never go full Gumby. You went full Gumby, man. Never go full Gumby.
Puns are like farts  its fine when I do it, but everyone elses just stink
I got molten poop on me and suffered turd degree burns.
A belt made of watches is a waist of time.
Dog abuse jokes really hit the spot for me.
I don't know what the bigger tragedy is- the fact that Mark David Chapman read 'Catcher in the Rye' or the fact that he didn't read 'the Art of the Deal'
whatever you do, dont execute an autoerotic asphixiator by hanging
I like to poop in elevators. I'm always taking shit to the next level.
I've got less time than Epstein in custody.
You can't strike out if you don't step up to the plate.
Growing up is getting old.
Collecting "Come And Take It" flags is a very dangerous hobby.
If there is one thing i learned in porn its that a lot can happen in 15 seconds
As a former nudist, I severely misinterpreted the rules of the "Best Elephant" costume contest.
surveys have shown that 40% of people want a third-party to win and the other 60% are liars
I once used Axe body spray and it only drew more attention to the dead guy in my trunk.
Was cleaning out my attic yesterday when I came across my old porn collection.
I wanted to marry my English teacher when she got out of jail but apparently, you can't end a sentence with a proposition.
When my son said he wanted to be an electrician, I grounded him.
its ok to drive drunk if its a vampire who drank you
If your mother kills you it an nth trimester abortion
The climate is becoming misanthropical.
Theres a party in my pants. And urinevited.
Some German sausages are Teewurst
So many people get sick during Oktoberfest because it's Germanfested.
Hey, nice name, did your parents pick it out for you?
I was told my gender studies degree would be useless, but I'm already conducting *trans*actions for a billion dollar company some like to call McDonald's.
I was told my gender studies degree would be useless, but I'm already conducting **trans**actions for a billion dollar company some like to call McDonald's.
I just can't see myself wearing camouflage
If we saw logs in our sleep then we should be called slumberjacks.
I'm not very good at rolling blunts, but they're passable
I recently completed research on head injuries and in contusion Id like to report my findings.
If your partner is a vegan that swallows your cum, I have some really bad news for them.
That book on anti gravity is hard to put down
As a virgin I've never had sex with a dog I didn't like
I'm the kind of racist who crashes his racecar into the crowd on purpose
The substance on the inside of a fire hydrant is H2O; whereas on the outside it's K9P.
I hate when I over sleep at work and late getting home.
A Moonshot is the opposite of shoot the moon.
I've been going out with my girlfriend for......sex.
I hate when people abuse platforms to try and be ironic and cute
I didn't want to miss the Premature Ejaculation support meeting, so I I came early.
The race to Finland isnt over until you cross the Finnish line.
I broke up with my anorexic girlfriend because I kept seeing less and less of her
I showed my friends all the intricate craters of the Moon... Right before they told me to pull my pants up.
My ex girlfriend got Free tattoo just by flashing her breasts. Tit for tat.
I want to move to a country where immigration is not permitted
If Switzerland is the most peaceful country in the world, then why is it renowned for it's army knives?
santa claus is real
Did the president just throw a bus over Rick Perry?
You had better get right or you're gonna get left.
A veterinarian could also be called a king of spayed
Liar Liar, May your hind be on pyre.
Im worried something is wrong with my nervous system.
Anorexics must be starving for attention
According to quantum physics, there is an astronomically small chance, which may have happened on its own a very short time, that every atom in the cigar was in Monica Lewinsky before Clinton took it out of his pocket
All gas is laughing gas if your on the right side of the door
Getting stoned while you're in the Middle East can be a painful experience.
My new bicycle is so nice, its a push-to-start.
I dont have emotions and its pissing me off
Hijack peoples minds on an airplane with ads
Sir you can't bring that wad of cash on the plane cuz you could pay the guards to let you hijack it
What if Rudolf has a red nose only because Vixen gave him a horrendous STD?
I used to be indecisive but now Im not so sure
What do you call a cow with five legs? A BULL!
In this wonderful world of paragraphs, will you be my one liner ?
A man went into a bookstore and asked for a book on shelving. He should have been more specific.
To the thief who stole my antidepressants, I hope you're happy...
My five favorite things are eating puppies cooking kittens and resisting the use of commas.
Chicken pot pie... My three favorite things
Ive been trying to throw away my trash can for weeks but the garbageman keeps forgetting to take it.
Boiled spuds are always in need of a good forking!
I think Trump missed the mark a bit. We should be building a wall around the factories that are making robots that will take American jobs.
"Hershey" should totally be a slang for somebody being a bad kisser.
It is human nature to think wisely and act foolishly.
Old batteries are usually free of charge.
My mailman has the calves of a milkman.
Ive never raped anyone who didn't consent
If I had a penny for every time something something I could make a bad metaphor
Looking up becuase you let me down
A new sexual orientation discovered in prison between straight and bisexual: men who do men only if no women for years
My wife says I should quit smoking but its hard when your hot
My says I should quit smoking but its hard when youre hot
My wife's a mortician, from the day we met, I knew I had to cadaver.
The playwright, annoyed by his sloppy cast finally shouted, "c'mon guys, get your act together!"
Sleep is just death leaving you on read.
If you soaked your feet in the fountain of youth... would they get wrinkly?
My wife slipped on some sexy lingerie, and ended up with a broken ankle
My wife got angry at me for kicking ice cubes in the kitchen, but now it's all just water under the fridge.
95% of statistics are made up.
Shoutout to video games for letting boys express their anime fetishes with slightly less shame.
I love the smell of overused movie quotes in the morning.
I dropped my glasses in the toilet and now I cant see for shit.
I just fell in love with skydiving
I want the space between us to be my penis.
This is a one-liner on quicksand. Just let that sink in.
Kids are like farts. You can't stand anyone else's but you're damn proud of your own.
that veteran pimp is a war hero and a whore hero
You gotta hand it to blind prostitutes.
Don't you hate it when you're thinking of something while typing, and accidentally type what you were tits?
I'm going to combine my hobbies of taxidermy with bomb making and make you an otter you can't defuse.
I ate the rarest steak yesterday, I cooked it for 10 seconds
Never challenge Death to a pillow fight unless you're prepared to handle the reaper cushions.
You gotta hand it to blind prostitutes...
Dry erase markers are truely remarkable
I broke my finger last week. On the other hand, I'm okay.
Im not a criminal cuz you're only a criminal if you do it AND get caught
Im not a criminal cuz Ive never been caught
Like climbing a mountain in roller skates.
If you're going out, remember to protect yourself with Son Block.
Do Siamese twins suffer from joint pain?
Rape is a dick move
Are cuckolds considered FOMO-sexuals?
We were so poor when I was a kid if you didnt wake up on Christmas morning with a hard-on you had nothing to play with
When I was younger and my priest told me that I was the prettiest boy he'd ever seen, I was touched.
Shortcuts
Women might be able to fake an orgasm, but men can fake an entire relationship.
Fappuccino
If Watson isn't the most famous doctor in the world, then Who is.
Are walking trails at mental institutions called psychopaths?
We should call houses apartments and apartments togetherments
Use camouflage condoms and they'll never see you coming.
People aren't sure if masturbation causes color blindness or not... It's a bit of a gray area.
I decided to give the Whisky diet a try, I've lost three days already.
I Googled 'Welsh porn' and found EweTube.
I was going to visit my neighbor today, but I'm on the fence about it.
At the gates of hell I killed god in self defense
My grandfather used to say "as one door closes, another one opens"... great man, but terrible cabinet maker
If anyone wants to come and talk about why my stuff keeps getting stolen, the door is always open.
If anyone would like to come and talk about why my stuff keeps getting stolen, the door is always open.
Is someone says capitalization isn't important, tell them you helped your friend jack off his horse.
I tried to re-marry my ex-wife, but she figured out I was only after my money.
I just walked a mile in my own shoes - I finally see where I'm coming from
I was looking for a website to help me lose weight but all of them were trying to give me cookies.
The unemployment rate falls when an unemployed person is murdered
A guy wished he could suck his own dick so I handed him bolt cutters
My three favourite things are eating my family and not using commas.
If there was something wrong with rape it wouldnt be funded in prisons
That the English love to drink Tea seems to be showing up in their language a li''le.
You know you waited too long when laundry day becomes a formal event.
My dog Minton ate all my shuttlecocks. Badminton.
I usually like baseball but sometimes its hit or miss.
I'm sick of all these wellness Ad's.
My friend told me that he can sleep while standing, but I know he's been lying.
I worked for ages to get to the top; climbing an escalator when you're drunk isn't a good idea.
I went on an anti-authoritarianism management course.
What you call fuck buddies, I call coituce corpses.
"If you're scared of pedophiles... Grow up." -Jimmy Carr
I just changed my iPad's name to Titanic and now it's synching.
A true Club sandwich should be required to include baby seal meat.
It's fine to call your lover 'baby' but it would be weird to call them 'infant'.
So what if I can't spell armegedden, it's not the end of the world.
I'm a good man with a heart of gold
I tried spreading the word of god but god told me he's a secret agent and to mind my own business
I find it hard to believe everyone was kung fu fighting.
At Turdburgler Farms we use 100% stolen fertilizer
My Friend is sexually attracted to cooking utensils, hes Pansexual
I went to the park to play Frisbee with my son, but he's not very aerodynamic
Without the Hoff, David is just a hassle.
9 out of 10 white people agree that I'm not a racist
If I had 3 words to describe myself they would be; 1) lazy.
Camouflaged condoms, she'll never see you coming
Camouflaged condoms- Shell never see you coming
I am living with a fish, I am staying at his plaice
Anger management classes are getting popular nowadays... you could say they're all the rage.
When my girlfriend goes in for a mammogram, I like to be kept abreast of the situation.
It was a lot of work selling the days catch at market, my online shop is much more eFish-ient
Hospital doctors and assistants are the least fuckable creatures on the planet.
One fact everyone needs to know, when I fuck I do not get out, do not pull out... I just fuck like a fucking torpedo.
Rapist are good in timing.
The coolest thing about little people is that they can always find someone to look up to.
Say what you want about deaf people
A blind person was eating seafood. It didn't help.
Diamonds are the original C4.
When a candle says "soy candle," has it become self aware and fluent in spanish?
There is literally nothing worse than hyperbole.
My dad likes to sit in his front yard chasing people off his property, like some Lawn Enforcement Officer.
They say that semen contains about 1.6 terabytes worth of information. I find that hard to swallow.
I went to a RV park, but when I saw that there was no outlet, I cried.
I've been trying to exercise and eat healthier, Asian inspired meals... So I started chasing after the neighborhood cats.
I was fired from my job as a school teacher because Pornhub lied to me.
I bought a dehumilifier to help take care of the cringeworthy memories problem
I quit my job as a pizza delivery guy because Pornhub lied to me.
If everyone in the world was right handed, then there would be nobody left.
Hand me downs is a horrible way to ask to hold your special needs child.
Hands me downs is a horrible way to ask to hold your special needs child.
I've successfully stolen my girlfriend's heart. Hard part was getting chased down by the surgeon.
Only people who don't suffer from anterograde amnesia will remember this
First thing I did when I got to Hawaii was get lei'd, then she put a ring of flowers around my neck.
Do you know what a diaper and my life have in common?
I was raised Catholic, so naturally, I had a hard time sitting down after church.
I have bad stage fright and a friend suggested that I picture everyone naked. How is having stage fright and a boner gonna help?
To encourage the use of analogies, Jedi Knights say, "Metaphors be with you!"
I tried to explain to the doctor why I shouldn't be an amputee, but he cut me off.
When I got in jail and I had my mug shot taken, the police mailed it to my family, I was framed
6ix 9ine is same as 6ix
If you are trying to grow a beard and its coming in all patchy, remember its not too late to shave face.
Kool Aid Man's kids probably never felt safe when they were masturbating.
Everybody is John Cena to a blind person
I like to make flatbread jokes naan stop
Is it just me or is everyone getting dumber?
I feared having body removal surgery would be bad for me, but I came out a head.
I got pelted with animal intestines today. I was absolutely livered
I got pelted with animal awful today by a stranger, I was absolutely Livered
If you're experiencing joint pain, don't hold the lit end
Chris Brown about Rihanna: "I'd hit that"
German humor is no laughing matter.
Thank you Jesus Im not a Christian
Two musicians and a drummer walk into a bar
If life gets you down, make a comforter
If 50 Cent killed Nickelback with a .45, would that be considered murder by numbers?
I wonder if soy milk is just regular milk that is introducing itself in Spanish.
Teacher, I'm going to hand in this essay, mark my words.
Inspired by the Cheesecake Factory restaurant, I've opened a factory called the Solar Panel Pub and Grill.
People called me smart, but little did I know...
I've been going through a lot right now and can't seem to find a parking space.
whenever someone says they are single because everyone is "intimidated by their intelligence" I'm like "naw anyone afraid of your intelligence obviously has microphoboia".
Necrophiliac orgies are always fucking dead!
My luck with women have been so terrible that even the inflatable dolls walk away going "pppfffttt"
Caitlyn Jenner is not such a bad driver, she just likes cutting off dicks.
Was finishing my meal at a British restaurant and the waiter asked "would you like some Spotted Dick?" I said "no thanks, I didn't know it was that type of establishment."
I was being really flirty with this one chick, until my grandparents kicked me off the farm.
I was recently caught masturbating inside of a hospital. I told them I was just having a stroke.
I once took a shit in a public restroom. The guy who left it was weirded out by that.
The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades.
When you say beaucoup it really means a lot.
Even Cardio is better than Cardi B
People are usually shocked when they find out Im not a very good electrician.
I put myself in a large cardboard box and called FedEx while thinking "I'm gonna totally ship myself if this works."
I haven't had a single drink today, they've all been doubles.
People who truly love their 6 pack abs, will protect them with a layer of fat.
I have 3 kids and no money, why cant I have no kids and 3 money?
I quit drinking yesterday. Come to think of it, I quit drinking every day.
Public healthcare budgets limit the number of knee replacements each year, but elbows aren't capped.
My girlfriend was prescribed oral contraceptives and I thought "yay! Blowjobs!"
Marketers for the military really make a killing.
I went on a date with a BT worker, the connection was terrible.
I was once caught with drugs in highschool and the teacher made me do 100 lines.
I'm so poor that my smartphone shows bus mode instead of an airplane mode
I can tell if a train has driven by, just by looking at its tracks.
There are two types of people in this world; those with ADHD, and- OOH a bird!!
I was born at a very young age.
Of course people tell you to be on the path of Good, imagine the traffic jam on the path of Evil?
stealing is wrong so thats why to threaten people until they give it to you as a gift
are wigs free or do you have Toupe
Pedophiles are fucking immature assholes
All you need is a ruler to measure how long you slept.
All you need is a ruker to measure how long you slept.
I extinguished a candle... it was delightful.
I stole a toilet from the police station. The cops have nothing to go on.
Two peanuts walked into a bar, one was a regular the other was a salted. (Dry expansion of this classic one liner)
My ability to speak a bit of Latin is always at the top of my Curriculum Vitae.
We dont negotiate with terrorists unless their demands are to take more of your time at the airport
I'm not a murderer, some of my best friends are alive!
If you suffer from rhotacism I think you really reevaluate the rural areas so that you can recuperate your renowned courage.
Cats love it when saucers land on the earth.
I had a 3-way last night, everything came together nicely in spite of 2 no-shows.
When I asked my dad what a solar eclipse was, he replied, No sun.
I thought cutting down all the trees would leave me with a free back ground, but I was left with a lot of backlog to go through instead.
I just figured out that "E" is the most decent alphabet . Rest all are not E . (naughty for those who dont get this ) .
We call childbirth delivery but wouldn't it be far better to say takeout?
Just been to the corner shop and got myself a lovely new corner.
A butcher said "I bet you 20 you can't reach those 2 pieces of meat on the top shelf." I said "I'm not taking that bet." He said "why?"... I said "The steaks are too high"
A group of necrophiliacs draw straws.
I got a get well card from my friend with tourettes syndrome. He told me to "get fucking better, you bitch ass, donkey dick, cunt swallow." I thought that was so nice of him.
It sucks being seated backwards at the comedy show, but now I can just look back and laugh.
People pay alot of money to get to 4000 miles above 4000 miles below where they started, and it takes hours
There are 4 classes, not 3: poor, animals, middle class, rich
I have sensitive teeth. Even me just saying that offends them.
Even if you love slavery, if you believe in reincarnation you cant risk being born into it
It took me a while to become a trainer for rock bands, but eventually I had all the Kinks worked out.
I only go to Hooters for the articles.
I'm going to open a medieval themed brothel and call it Came-a-lot
I saw some self-help books, so I helped myself.
I made the mistake of drying my "Long T-Shirt" after washing it the other day. Now it's just a "Lowercase t-Shirt"
(Too Soon?) Does anyone know what Eddie Money did with that other ticket?
In a Heat Death scenario, the entire Universe will be reduced to absolute zero temperatures. But don't worry - everything will be 0K.
The key to a good pizza joke is in the delivery.
I get very upset when people question my masculinity.
Duct tape can't fix stupid, but it can muffle the sound of it.
Don't you hate it when people answer their own questions? I do.
I like how restaurants have a food list for me n u.
I don't believe in santa, easter bunny, or dracula, but in this capitalist controlled world I have to believe somewhere out there is the grinch
The electric eel is the evolutionary replacement for the gasoline eel, which emitted too much greenhouse gas.
Most people have heard of 666, the Mark of the Beast, but fewer people know about 888, the Mark of the Feast.
It's sometimes legal to shoot other people but never yourself
Without poo, Head and Shoulders is just a Sham
My mate can only sleep on stacks of old magazines. He's got back issues. - (Darren Walsh)
If someone asks you to spell part backwards, don't do it... It's a trap!
Ive quit washing my hair with shampoo preferring instead to use real poo.
I dont eat vegan cuz I dont like the taste of tossing salad
Let's take an oath here today to never joke about molestation because it's a touchy subject.
To the guy that stole my trainers and high vis jacket from the construction site..
If anyone dies in vein I think it would cause a serious clotting disorder
I think eye care should be free, but I really can't see it happening under the current policy..
Times are tough at the moment. I have a friend who's a dwarf and even he can't put food on the table.
Do monkeys go ape when they are annoyed?
I always thought I ate potato chips too loudly. Turns out it's just in my head.
The two things I cant stand in this world are xenophobia and the french
I hate when I'm 20 minutes into my run on my treadmill and I look down to see the timer reads 43 seconds
Fun fact. An ejaculation represents a data transfer of nearly 1.6 TB of information. That's a lot to swallow.
You risk waking up at the crack of Dawn if she sleeps naked.
Enrolments to my 'Improving Your Self-Awareness' school are really disappointing.
Hipsters in a college write their papers using IPA format 
The last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket was " Hey, how far do you think I can kick this bucket?"
Every time I try to buy one of those item dividers at the store the cashier just puts it back.
Apple Event
I've made a complete 180 in life... and got into a pretty bad car accident.
I've made a complete 180 and got into a pretty bad car accident.
Trying to cook noodles with the powers of the mind isnt just silly, its also impastable.
All prisoners are incels.
Every time I try to buy one of those item dividers at the store the cashier just puts it back.
The better a match you are to a job, the dirtier of clothes you can wear to the interview and still get it
I havent felt myself ever since I took a break from masturbating.
Took my car to the bodyshop by accident.
If you ever feel useless. Remember that there's country called Pakistan
I hate when my German girl friend screams her age.
Bad employers are filling vacancies like no one else.
Broken phones are uncalled for.
People who use autocorrect can go straight to heel
Giving your client more than they expected is almost always a good idea, unless you sell bungee cords.
I'm halfway through writing my book, I've only got o, o &amp; k to go!
Arsonists have really set the real estate market on fire
I love my kitchen towel but it's saturated with water, so I guess should put a wring on it.
Butterflies just arent what they used to be.
Dain bramaged
My Dentist has gas
A blonde is BeautyFool
Everybody complains about the weather but nobody does anything about it except the CIA.
Fun fact: Before the crowbar was invented, most crows drank at home.
My wife told me shes thinking about writing a book, I told her thats a novel idea.
So, Ive started turning my lights on and off with my voice, now Im arguing with my lightbulbs.
Improve your memory by doing unforgettable things.
Welcome to Costco I love you!
How do you make a hormone
Ground beef is just another term for a turf war.
Im not paranoid but if 99% of people are not out to get me and the other 1% are thats 76 million people
That's probably not your funny bone, because this shit ain't funny.
I'm a freak in bed cuz I sleep 2 hours 4 times a day
Golf: The adult version of an Easter egg hunt.
There haven't been any changes to anti-peeping laws recently, but I'll be watching.
I only know the first 5 numbers, including 0.
The light of my life exposed all my faults
I don't want to die alone so I'm taking you with me
My first time using an elevator was an uplifting experience.
The only way to spell incorrectly correctly is to spell it incorrectly.
I have no idea how I gained weight, Ive always been chewsy with food.
Getting Suspicious
The secret timing to comedy is
My mom thought I would grow out of making dirty jokes, but I'll be doing it until the cows come.
Calling a koala a koala bare is technically correct, they dont wear any clothes
Calling a koala a koala bear is technically correct
Saw a sign today that said access for Tenants only so I stood there and counted them in
I was just walked past a guy on the treadmill at my gym when the idiot put his waterbottle in the pringles holder
I was just a guy on the treadmill in my gym and the idiot put his water bottle in the pringles holder.
Hey baby, how's about a trip to my favorite Hawaiian island, Kumoniwannalaya?
You can't wear lampshades on your face
When God closes a door it's probably because you were making too much noise in the next room.
Killing myself would be the last thing I'd ever do.
My obese parrot died. It was a weight off my shoulder.
Keeping a tropical fish at home can have a calming effort on the brain due to all the indoor fins
Hi Ghostbusters I have Jesus in my heart
I accidentally gave myself a mullet but its growing on me.
Terrible news! The cakes we buried at the confectionery...
If number 666 is evil, then 25.8069758011 is the root of all evil.
A line is defined as the shortest distance from point A to point B. Any midget joke counts.
A line is the shortest distance from A to B. Punctuation is irrelevant. Every midget joke qualifies.
The best way to make holy water is by boiling the hell out of it.
Saying that this isnt a one liner is
Midget jokes arent funny unless its scored like golf.
Tampax workers are stuck up cunts.
I'll never assume I won't do something.
Hickeys suck.
It's easy to debate a double amputee because they don't have a leg to stand on
I once gave my seat on the bus to an old blind woman...
No I won't be Able tomorrow and no I wasn't Bjorn yesterday.
Don't you hate it when you're reading a sentence that seems normal by doesn't end the way you testicles?
A carpenter goes to the bar and gets hammered, picks a fight with someone and gets nailed, then realizes the guy is the boss's son, now he's screwed.
I have my seat on the bus to an old blind woman...
Explaining to a child that we're mortal and that death is inescapable is probably for me the hardest part of being a party clown.
Thank you for getting me through college student loans, I don't think I'll be able to repay you.
Maybe Hitler wouldn't have been so mean if people didn't always leave him hanging for highfives
Whenever I think about the past, It brings back so many memories.
on the 8th day God made Coffee
________________
I think that the guy who decided on the word 'boat' missed a rare opportunity to call it a 'sea-saw'.
My family couldn't agree on whether to get grandpa buried or cremated, so in the end, we just let him live.
I didn't know what to wear to my premature ejacuation support group...
I cant stand it when my tripod has a broken leg.
3 animals enter a bar, a lion, a tiger and a bear...oh my!
Like for a free bagel
There is a fine line between an Italian mocker and a crab imitator.
I love my new Hawaiian shirt, but the pineapple is starting to rot.
Hawaii is really a sex island... First thing you do once you get off the plane is get lei'd
I tried making plans with the farmer that hays my field, but he always bales.
I like to be romantic after sex and whisper things into her ear like...
The credit card is paying me back for loaning them money in the future
I regret pouring so much ketchup in my eyes, but Heinz sight is 20/20.
Antennas
I went to an Alabama strip club cause I heard they give great family discounts
I may be deaf and dyslexic, but I still love to sign on Kareoke night.
If you dont believe in human perseverance you clearly havent seen a smoker trying to use a broken lighter.
People who use the word "onomatopoeia" make me go zzzzzzzzzzzz.
The first time I had sex was in the rear of a greyhound; the bus was empty except for me and the driver...and the dog.
Grimreaper is to Jesus as Coyote is to Roadrunner
New Viagra is an up and comer!
I can't believe rattlesnake warnings are called rattles and not cautionary tails.
The Queen of England has over 132 portraits one of em is being really smug
Prepositions are something you should never end a sentence with
Why did the inmate fight to get his picture taken down?
People on disability benefit are hitting hard times...
I alway wanted to be a magician before I became disillusioned.
Be there or be square! because if youre square, you cant be around
3.14% of sailors are -rates.
People only say "congrats" because they don't know how to spell congrajoolashins.
I've got a interesting joke about instant gratification, but I'll tell you about it some other time.
I'm not a comedian, but my life's a joke
I finally got laid on top of a woman, I was on the top berth and she was on the lower one
Knife crime is bad; don't steal them.
Underage paedophilia is wrong.
Only the best plumbers become proctologists
My Doctor Said I Have Really Bad Selective Hearing
If you eat at a sketchy chinese restaurant and suspect they serve cat meat, at least you can say you're eating some good pussy.
The ceiling isnt my favorite part of the house, but its definitely up there.
Venison is dear
Just got back from the gym and some idiot on the treadmill next to me had a bottle of water in the Pringles can holder.
My luck with women is so terrible, I bought a sex doll and even she put me in the friend zone.
One day youll stop being asked what you want to be when you grow up, and instead be asked what you wanted to be.
Had sex with my girlfriend next to a fence...
Walked out to find that someone had keyed the word "cheater" onto the side of my car...
If I had a dime for every time I showed myself to be bad at maths I'd have like 93 cents.
Yo Mama is so fat, when she sat on a rainbow, She made skittles
By now, with the amount of stuff I've told my therapist, she probably thinks I need professional help.
Awaken the bacon and let's get shakin' (not sure if this is the right subreddit for this)
Yo mamas so fat, the Hogwarts sorting hat placed her in Waffle House.
My friend bought the most expensive iPhone. Guess he had an XS amount of money.
A couple of winged insects ended up inside a human, and they got on like two bees in a bod.
Two winged insects ended up inside a human, and they got on like two bees in a bod.
The facts about domestic violence are striking.
Roadkill occurs in rundown areas.
I hate peer pressure and you should too
Isn't it weird how when a cop drives by you feel paranoid instead of protected.
Some people say I look like Gary Barlow, I'll take that.
My extra-sensitive toothpaste doesn't like it when I use other toothpastes.
I didnt think that the Premature Ejaculaters Club was a good idea, but a bunch of people came unexpectedly.
Good one found in /r/dadjokes
The sitcom about airplanes never took off, because the pilot was terrible.
A Jewish family is having dinner, when the waiter walks over and asks, "Is anything okay?"
If you suck at playing the trumpet, that's probably why.
A Jewish family is having dinner, when the waiter walks over and asks, "Is anything okay?"
I was wondering what the translation for El Camino was so I looked it up and google translate showed me The Way
I wish I could talk to someone like a drug dealer, they always have dope conversations.
I found out I was dating an organ thief after she stole my heart.
Chuck norris
Julius Fucik - The only man "I" ever saved.
Hey baby, if I were a probiotic, I would do some wonderful things inside your intestines
Coke heads, are the best line dancers.
You learn to make the meanest, toughest pasta and meatballs, if you are raised in the spaghetto.
I dont know that much about Fleetwood Mac, all I know is rumors
When a gay couple hate fucks, they got mad beef for each other.
You know youre getting old when you walk past a group of priests and dont even get a wink
Cold toilet seats make me physically uncomfortable, but warm toilet seats make me mentally uncomfortable.
My drug dealer really cracks me up.
the cannibal said I have jesus in my heart and have no idea how he took a wrong turn into my stomach
In Spanish, "ito" means a little bit, and "burro" means donkey, so when you eat a burrito, you eat a little bit of ass.
In Spanish "Ito" means a little and "burro" is a donkey, so when you eat a burrito, you ear a little bit of ass.
Tomorrow at work is Jamaican hairstyle day. I'm already dreading it.
Why would I ever want to get married? How hard could it be it boil a toast?
A manic depressive who swings both ways, travels from the North Pole to the South Pole and is a maritime bear would be a bipolar bi-polar bi polar bear.
I got mugged the other day; I told a bad joke and the wife threw a cup at my head.
My new job has me hooking up with all sorts of people.
I had a bad day today. First, my ex was run over by a bus. Then I was fired from my job as a bus driver.
You cant spell nudes without send
Saying goodbye cruel world as I sit in my closed garage, Tesla running.
I finally kicked my addiction to nicotine gum with the help of cigarettes
Do you think homeschooled people have homeschool reunions?
If the Amazon needs our help so much they should pay their taxes!
If sportsmen get athletes foot, do fighter pilots get mistletoe?
Someone told me to use a hair blower whenever my toilet seat was cold. My butt still freezes but I at least my hairstyle is awesome.
I'm in a zerogamous relationship with my hand
hes a closet homosapien afraid people will find out he's Human
Chronic Masterbator Dies of Stroke.
I got fired from my job at a 16th century naval facility, they shot me from a cannon.
I started a ship building company in my garage. The sails went through the roof.
I care about you too much to let you believe that was a real breast exam
Maybe if we start telling people the brain is an app they will start using it.
Last night I dreamt I had discovered the only word in the English language that ends with "mt".
I'm 100% sure there are no absolutes
Each day you get one day closer to death or years closer if you mess with me
The Trinity is 3 parts of the same god so if the father has sex with the son that's just the holy spirit masturbating
The only way youll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chickens ass and wait
A woman is like dirt
I was told to spell part backwards, but it turned out to be a trap.
Awful puns are how eye roll!
The closest I've come to murder is holding Oreos under the milk until the bubbles stop.
I met a familiar girl at the vegetarian conference. But I was pretty sure Id never met Herbivore
When my mom called us dumplings in public, it meant we were being little shits
I've never been to a Sushi Bar and Grill.
When my friend in Iraq gave his daughter a new bag, she replied, "Thanks for the Baghdad."
Never kiss a bird because you might end up with chripes, which is a canareal disease, that isn't tweetable.
Not saying we were poor, but my mother would send me next door with a button and to ask our neighbor if she would sew a shirt on it.
I really don't like the term "anal bleaching" and would much rather call it "changing my ringtone."
If you see a pirate commit a crime, are you an aye-aye witness?
My wife just found out I replaced our bed with a trampoline; she hit the roof.
I can tell someone's untrustworthy by how they react to me stealing their wallet.
I would rate hindsight 20/20.
Anacondas are breathtaking.
What do you call the New Zealand prison basketball team? The Kiwis...
To be or not to be a horse rider. That is equestrian.
Alpha male? You misunderstood me, I said Im an alfalfa male (Unzips back of neck, turns out to be pile of sprouts in man suit)
Fool me once, shame on you, but teach a man to fool me and I'll be fooled for the rest of my life.
I keep randomly shouting out 'broccoli' and 'cauliflower' - I think I might have florets
A foot is just a legend
He'd set up a good quiet moment alone at the party to tell his friend a funny story, but before he knew it, they had wandered over and entered the punch line again.
If youre afraid of paedophiles, grow up.
By sheer coincidence, I was born on my birthday.
This week I spent six days doing nothing and finally took a day off on Sunday
Good camo pants are hard to find.
I haven't seen you this happy in a looong time. You should see me when you're not around.
Cashew fetishists are fucking nuts.
If there was only one bitch then all the sons of bitches would be brothers
Laughing at serious clown.
I've been trying to throw this boomerang away for weeks now!
If a kleptomaniac sees another kleptomaniac, do they double take?
Best place to meet someone with a smoking hot body is the burn ward at the hospital
Rappers get to retire on diss ability.
I won't manage to have sex will all of my house visitors, but I will do my guest
If you want to stop a wild animal from charging, just press paws.
Whats the difference between a lost golf ball and a clitoris? A man will spend hours looking for the golf ball.
Whats long, hard, and has cum inside? A cucumber.
Why did the man cry when he masturbated? He was a tearjerker.
When life gives you melons, you might be dyslexic.
So tired!
I flush people like you. Everyday!
If an Amnesiac have Alzheimer's, would he forget that he couldn't remember anything?
Tampons are just teabags for vampires
Thats a nice ham youve got there and itd be a shame if someone put an s at the front, and an e at the end.
The airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow is 24.6 mph, which is slightly faster and a bit more loving than an unladen spit.
What's with the sudden onslaught of Baader-Meinhof posts?...they're everywhere.
When you plan to go to the zoo you're dating animals
I'm a respawned virgin
There's no 'i' in "edeeot".
Deaf people think it's a good idea to fart, they don't realize of how constantly loud it is.
I've been watching so much porn lately, I've started spitting on my front door lock before I put the key in.
I got some headache tablets for my wife, but unfortunately, she didn't get one.
Identifying toxic vapours by scent: Lesson 1/1.
After the death of Steve Irwin they had to cancel his range of sun creams, they just didn't protect from harmful rays.
A business is like a gun that if you make it mad fires you into a crowd of other businesses
I really wanted to smoke and masturbate, so I told my friends I needed to go home and do some weed whacking.
If Jesus being crucified is good then why would it be bad to clone Jesus and do the good thing again?
Since it's good Jesus died for our sins I cloned Jesus and did it again
Im not sure if my Facebook Timeline is a Jeffrey Epstein flip book, or a back to school feed.
I tried to eat my watch once... it was very time consuming.
You can spot ugly from a mile away, and you can still close your eyes when youre having sex with it.
A well-done steak pun is a rare medium.
Music puns aren't really my forte.
A gypsy asked me if I wanted my palm read, I said, "No leave it the same colour!"
I take comedy very, very seriously.
Suicidal people are always jumping to conclusions.
I was in a very dark place when I became a stalker.
Id like to start dieting but Ive got too much on my plate.
Like most people my age, I'm 45.
Pedophiles never win races, they like to come in a little behind..
autocannibalists are so full of themselves
If Jesus was real why do they call it the "crucifixion" and not the 'crucifact'
Ash Wednesday is something Thanos did to the Addams Family daughter.
I wonder how climate change will affect my seasonal depression.
I always found god to be somewhat overbearing.
Damn girl are you a public school? Cause I wanna shoot kids inside you
I accidentally stood on a termite, it must've been antagonizing for his family.
Did you know that banana peels are supposed to be put under the controlled substance act because they can give you bad trips.
A sex shop is the only place where 'shove it up your ass' isn't an insult.
"Abolish ICE" is the lefts slogan on immigration and the rights slogan on global warming.
Fucking a clone of yourself is a questionable decition, but you do you.
Why is it called a money shot and not a baby shower?
Don't judge a book by its cover. Judge it by its opening line.
I went on a date with a woman who had a hearing aid. She didn't want a second date, even after I told her that the rat hole in my home provides excellent ventilation.
Don't do what people tell you to do..
You know you're in a small, slow airplane when the bird strike happens from behind.
The irony of oral sex is that even when you have her at your feet, shes got you by the balls.
I dont pay my taxes because my body is a temple.
I found out first hand that it's really cold at the North Pole...
No one is ever lonely at schizophrenics-only.com
I'm like Dr. Kevorkian...
I went to the bank today and this guy was holding up the front of the line...
A man shows up to a duel with a paper and pencil, and draws his weapon.
The math teacher was arrested for drinking and deriving.
Hairists think blondes are stupid
I tell people I'm hung like a horse, but I always leave out the sea part.
I went along to a Kleptomaniacs Anonymous meeting but all the seats were taken.
Nobody else ever shows up to my solipsist conventions
Geology rocks!
With the recent incident in El Paso, a young man showed everyone the fastest way to turn a Walmart into a Target.
I dated a paraglider with IBS until she shat on me from a great height.
The invention of the letter t really crossed a line
Did you hear about the cross eyed seamstress who couldn't mend straight
At first I didnt understand how a computer mouse worked, but then it just clicked.
How do you know when its bedtime at Michael Jacksons house?
Eventually, words fail...so we're told
the best kind of bastard was grown in a lab
My ex told me to go F myself, I beat her to it
Deforestation in Jamaica has affected tree people.
Those with ED need to be more outgoing.
the Patriot Act is patriotic like the Titanic was a titan
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite.
Keeping tropical fish in your home has a calming effect on the brain because of the indoor fins.
I've got two rulers: one for good measure, and another for good measure.
I havent owned a watch for I dont know how long.
What's the difference between jam and marmalade?
I met a vegan once. She gave me a BJ and swallowed.
Click here for 5 shocking camping trends: number 2 is in tents!
My dad used to be a boxer - he worked in a match factory.
If video games make us violent then football makes us like to shower with men
The fish that was convicted of murder is now on Death Roe.
R Kelly ~ taking the art out of rap artist
I once used Viagra and helium at the same time...
I once had sex with a girl in the middle of church. Her parents were very upset...
As I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I shall...
He's not a rapist but his methods of sex are a little consentually challenged
My dad sent me to a psychiatrist for wearing his bra.
I think I'm going to stop watching porn because everybody on the bus is looking at me
Went to the gym to ball, got dunked on, started bawling.
To comply with age discrimination laws this job requires 5 years experience in computers and 40 years experience breathing
My neighbor's dog had a bad case of diarrhea all over my front yard... The kids will tell ya...
I was having lunch a El Ranchito the other day. When the waiter walked by I held up my empty tea glass and said "Ice?"...
I once ate lunch at the El Ranchero. My drink was getting warm so, I pointed at the waitress and yelled "ICE" ...
Yesterday I got a call from Lionel Richie saying hello and asking if it was him I was... wait, no, that wasn't me.
Im gunna go out on a limb here and say ....woooaaaaahh!!!
I once ordered Chinese takeout that tasted like cow's feet...
There more slugs in the world than snails because slugs don't wear protection.
I'm such an expert on palmistry, I've written a handbook.
Friend of mine started going to a therapist because he kept throwing himself into walls...
I recently went to a party at a mortuary...
I haven't had to buy hair gel since I was 15.
Murphy's law states that the best way to get the right answer on the internet is not to ask a question: it's to post the wrong answer.
The word Femi-Nazi has become pretty popular...
Whoever keyed my car probably thought I would just react in anger, but that only scratched the surface.
My sister just had a new baby...
A priest once told me that masturbation was wrong and sinful... I asked if I should stop and he said "not yet, I'm almost there"
Cant believe people think the Earth is a sphere, cause all my jokes land flat.
Sure, I'd suck a dick if it meant I could afford my own place. No homeowner.
When exactly does CPR become necrophilia?
Eating a clock would be very time consuming.
My plumber friend says his job is draining sometimes.
I believe that a woman pregnant with twins is pro multiple choice
Say what you want about masturbators, but they really do come in handy
My father told me I had to stop smoking weed. It was a blunt ultimatum.
Hi.. I'm Shirley Temple and I'm a non-alcoholic
I started an anti masturbation support group... Nobody came.
I found an old unframed oil painting in my loft yesterday of a beautiful naked lady so I mounted it.
Like a pediatrician, I have little patience.
My Taiwanese friend is so incredibly rude and bossy, I think he has a strong Taipei personality.
If I were a cat that stumbled across a genie that granted me one wish, Id wish for a second head so I could get pet twice as much.
If the job was done well tell your friends, and if it wasnt tell me.
I advertised a ghost tour for my city and then didnt show up.
Apart from being human, I have nothing to be ashamed of
I had to cancel my doctor appointment because I'm sick
Whys my ruler not moving? Because its stationary
I was using the bathroom at my job and near the door was a sign that said, 'EMPLOYEES MUST WASH HANDS BEFORE RETURNING TO WORK', so I left
The word 'conspiracy' has the word 'piracy' in it...coincidence? I think not!
Avoiding prepositions at the end of sentences is nothing off on of which to slack.
Say what you want about deaf people.
If you abandon a box of puppies somewhere, it is technically considered littering.
Anyone who hangs out washing despite predictions of storms is really putting it all on the line.
People give addicts a hard time, but its no surprise that Humpty Dumpty didnt want to get back on the horse.
If a tree falls in the forest and crushes a mime, does it make a sound?
Keeping your shit together is game of ultimate constipation.
I asked my priest how to make holy water... he said just boil the hell out of it
You are more likely to be robbed in a courtroom than a dark alley
My baker was charged with arson because he was skilled with pie roll techniques.
I have heard that speaking in soothing tones can help a bush grow big and strong but i get such weird glances when I unzip my jeans on the bus.
They tried to make a diamond shaped like a duck... it quacked under the pressure.
I like you so much I wouldn't kill you even if it was legal
If Shane Dawson's cat suddenly dies, I wouldn't suspect old age.
Eating clocks is very time consuming
Hitler killed 6 million Jews but if he had also killed equal amounts of every race he would have been called a war hero
Paying for a circumcision is such a ripoff
I'm not sure if I'm indesicive
If you truly believe dead people can't own property then theres no such thing as graverobbing
We are nofap.. We are a legion.. Don't expect us... Because we aren't cumming.
Yesterday somebody told me I misspelled psychology and looking back at it I can see why
Never trust a thin chef or a fat zookeeper.
Doggy-style is my favorite position, because I hate disappointed faces.
I'm having a vasectomy the day before your birthday party, I can't come.
Steve Irwin died how he lived, with animals in his heart.
An apple a day not only keeps the doctor away, it also gets you a restraining order for throwing a daily apple at him and yelling "Go Away Doctor!"
I can never remember what entomology means and it really bugs me.
I'm not black; some of my best friends are racist.
I'm not saying I'm boastful, but I carry a wallet in my condom.
People who overeat are always fed up.
One big step in my five year plan, is to make less macaroni and cheese and more macaroni salad.
I will never be a centerfold because of all my center folds.
A group of psychiatrists went ice skating; many Freudians slipped.
I rushed to the hospital when I heard that my cousin could neither walk nor speak, but apparently, all newborns are like that.
I tried telling my friend that he uses his phone far too much, but I couldn't get through to him.
Progressives in Seattle seem more woke when they have coffee.
Need one-liners about going to the movies and burgers
If my memory gets any worse, it'll be as bad as I can ever remember.
The Helium supply has become out of reach
When my grandma died, I put her ashes in a trophy that said "World's Best Grandma". She urned it.
My attitude towards gradients tend to slightly change over time...
Communion wine should always be full-bodied
When you buy a bigger bed you have more bed room but less bedroom.
Don't tell anytwo, but I suck at math.
Reincarnation is basically social mobility after death.
In Azkaban, golden snitches get golden stitches.
As a kid, I never understood Samuel L Jackson's obsession with melon farming.
Samuel L Jackson
You actually kill a chicken by overcooking it.
I don't like hot soup, yeah you can cool it by blowing on it, but I'm just not a fan.
I hope when i inevitably choke to death on gummy bears, my family will just say i was killed by a bear and leave it at that.
I just gave away all of my dead batteries free of charge.
Instant shampoo - just add water!
Top 5 jokes that went too far, #5 women's rights.
Weddings are like funerals; you should only attend your own.
To the guy who stole my anti-depressants, I hope youre happy now.
With great reflexes comes great response ability.
If number 2 pencils are the best, why are they still number 2?
If Satan goes bald, there will be hell toupee.
/r/Oneliners can actually hurt its readers with its punchlines.
I like my women how I like my bacon; hot, with the fat cut off and wrapped around my sausage.
Almost all serial killers are men, because women prefer to kill one man slowly over many many years.
So what if I don't know what the word "armageddon" means... It's not the end of the world.
If god is an atheist then the government is run by anarchists
I wouldnt dump you even if you were a shit
Polish is a language invented by a guy who got electrocuted and started talking at the same time
Absentee dads be like
My steam powered robot has developed a Coke habit.
I thought I was losing weight because my pants are falling down, but it turns out that the convex of my fattening belly was pushing them down.
The guy who wrote "What Is Love" really Haddaway with words.
I tied all of my spaghetti together whilst I was drunk last night and ended up skipping dinner.
If time makes the heart grow fonder then where is my dad?
Vietnamese men looking only for hookups are Phokboys.
My scientist buddy thinks that Bose-Einstein condensates are really cool, but they're pretty low on the scale to me.
The water balloons were a hit; especially after we forgot about them in the freezer.
Sometimes I consistently do my chores
Opening a nudist beach in my back yard will make waves with the neighbors.
Anyone who doesn't respect women is son of a bitch
AI loves you for the particles you are made of can be taken apart and made then remade unlimited times into anything
When one door closes and another one opens, you might have poltergeists
True house cleaners aren't just born, they're maid.
I'm not a racist and my lawyer can prove it
Sniff books and whatever your Stepmom cooks
Whats worse than ants in your pants? ..Uncles
I love how this book about Origami is unfolding...
To the man in the wheelchair who stole my camouflage jacket, you can hide but you CAN'T RUN!
If a kid is late to special ed, is it ok to say they're tardy?
*nsfw * I can't imagine how nervous Chef Ramsay's wife must be before he eats her out..
To the man man in the weelchair stole my camouflage jacket .. you can hide but you cant run!!!
Lowkey tho, I sing in baritone.
Tonight I organized a threesome for myself and 2 others... there were a couple of no shows but I still had a good time
Bombing for peace is like fucking for virginity.
I race my chicken often, but I rarely beat my meat.
Toilets, the #1 in the #2 business
I asked my necrophiliac friend if he'd like to down a cold one.
My girlfriend calls me flu shot because I told her shes going to feel a small prick.
A tiny penis is no big deal
Imagine hating popular things as a personality trait
My dog smart and only drives the car for me when I am drunk, and never when I am somber
Cannibals really get under my skin.
9/11 jokes are plane wrong
If there's one thing I can't STAND, it's entitled people who think they're as deserving as I am.
Women live longer than men beacuse most of them dont have a wife.
Quitting your job after having a baby should be called Eternity Leave.
A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
I set a date with some corn but it flaked
Loaded a racing game, first thing I did was crash the computer.
I used to be a gravedigger, until I discovered it was easier to just use a spade.
Does refusing to go to the gym count as resistance training?
The only "B word" I'll ever call my bitch is beautiful
condoms are single-use plastics
I saw a homeless man with a sign that said This could be you someday. So I put my change back in my pocket
Can't belive you can't get beavers here. Damn
Most criminals are in the closet about it
I've never considered myself talented at all, but I just overheard the doctor say that he thinks I'm moderately artistic!
My mate invented the best hair product money could buy... well gel
I'm a bodybuilder, by definition.
Nothing says "I'm a tease" quite like
When the script was written for my life story, somehow I only got cast as an extra.
Alcohol is a solution
What do you call a tidal wave that hasn't hit yet?
I was so excited with washing machine that I put a load into it straight away!
Decriminalize crime
Dm if you are interested, keep the request coming
I asked a judge to shorten my sentence.
I want to open a male strip club featuring Asian men in Mexico called Seor Dong.
If you thought swimming with dolphins was expensive, try swimming with sharks, itll cost you an arm and a leg.
Not being able to have kids is simple inconceivable.
I cast a spell on you that makes it impossible for light to reflect off your body. Upvote for visibility.
The Italian wing of Heinz soup has gone into ad-minestrone
Someone with heart disease trying cocaine would not be a funny one-liner.
I never takes rocks and minerals for Granite
How much XP can I get for killing the mood?
Amputations cost an arm and a leg
A man told me he had invented a bath to bathe pigs, I think he's talking hogwash!
Weed will get you through times of no money better than money will get you through times of no weed.
If the earth was really flat, cats would have pushed everything off of it by now.
Bought a memory foam mattress because I was feeling lonely, sadly its more shallow than I expected.
8000|}~  Collogues Appreciate You Adding Cute Caterpillar '.txt Art' Into their email signatures #txtart #suprisesig
I tried calling the tinnitus helpline, but it just kept ringing.
My ex-wife still misses me, but her aim is steadily improving.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
My friend was shot with a starting pistol. The police say it's race-related.
Nine months isnt really that long, it only feels like a maternity.
I used to play the triangle in a reggae band, but I quit as it was just one ting after another.
The difference between being an artistic genius and being a complete psychopath is displaying your work in a gallery
ABC
Some people prefer their Marvin straight but I prefer my Marvin Gaye.
Nobody has ever sinned against the zeroth commandment which is thou shalt obey the laws of physics
Feeling lonely? Dont worry, just bae yourself.
Pornography is best in its native tongue.
Sorry I slapped you, but it didn't seem like you'd ever stop talking so I panicked.
I've got learned helplessness and there's nothing I can do about it.
All doctors are Hippocrates.
Before eating humans cannibals roast them first
A snail towed via a parachute is parasnailing
A Russian bread thief is a klebtomaniac
Best offer: Your Job done First - Professional Craigslist Hacker For Hire
The most common thing I wear is out my welcome.
The person who proof read Hitler's speeches, was the original grammar Nazi.
Contact Jack For Any Hacking Deal - Check Profile If you are interested
Best offer: Your Job done First - Professional Craigslist Hacker For Hire
I think civil unions are gay.
Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father, and you're watching disney channel.
If you're lost, sat-navs are the way to go.
Whenever someone asks what state I live in, I say: "Confusion"
At 70yrs old ... I only have to relieve myself 2-3 times a week .. which leaves a lot of time in my hands...
If you feel free in your country then you're too boring to cross the line
The fountain of youth was invented by pedophiles
Russian Roulette blows my mind.
Therapist: why do you think everything is so heavy? Me, an intellectual: Well I mean, gravity.
NFL has a few gay players it's probably from all that helmet to helmet collision
I thought I saw a sausage fly past my window, but it was just a seabird. I think I've taken a tern for the wurst.
I thought they were giving out wigs for free but apparently you have toupee.
A beggar asked me for a big bill and I gave him my electricity bill.
chips-a-hoy is a sailors cookie of choice.
Lack of communication is the silent killer of relationships
Trying to abolish the penny is a centsless idea.
My Father just spilled the fact He's a virgin
How do u spot a blind man on a nude beach? Its not hard
If you're thinking of joining the Naruto run at Area 51 becareful the Anime may get you first
My dad is alive
if erectile dysfunction gets you down you just have to hold your head high
Thinking hypocrites have lower standards is kind of hypocrisy itself.
Having erectile dysfunction cant be that hard
150 people die every year from being hit by falling coconuts, but don't worry, drug makers are developing a vaccine.
I have a list of original jokes by Carlos Mencia
Extreme camping is often intents.
If Jeffery Dahmer was into BDSM, would that make him Jeffery Dommer?
Are orphans allowed to eat at a family restaurant?
The civilization brings about partiality to demolish partialty.
In an effort not to become a lush I always start and end my drinking at noon.
Some notebooks are not books
Do you suffer from schizophrenia? Don't worry, you're not alone.
What is your spouse up to ? Dm for any request- Your Job done First
I was on the phone to the Amputee hotline but they cut me off.
Witnessed an armed robbery at my local pharmacy I was shaking in my Boots
Acupuncturists are backstabbers.
When I was young I was told not to make up my own abbreviations. OMG, WTF, was that all about.
Like most people my age I'm 16 years old
I was once asked to star in lord of the rings but then I found out they wanted to kill me off I guess Im the Tolkien black guy
I am the king of a population of 100 billion cells who live in my skull and do my thinking for me
The Chinese iPhone they gave me was fake. It was a phony.
I saw a hearse driving in the first lane of the motorway he got pulled over for undertaking
My wife calls me Santa Claus because I only come once a year
I, for one, like Roman numerals
I've decided to sell all my chiropractic magazines, I have lots of back issues.
There are a plenty of fish in the sea is not a saying if you live near the Dead Sea.
Don't know if it's me but every time I email trampoline.com it bounces back
Having sex with me is like playing Russian Roulette without any bullets in the gun, even after going 6 rounds it still wont blow your head off
I've started telling people about the benefits of eating dried grapes. It's all about raisin awareness.
60% of boobs might make you jump.
Saw a guy drinking and driving and decided to follow him to the bar he was going to get a DUI leaving tonight.
I'm bad with navigation eventhough it takes me places.
I used to thing revenge was a dish best served cold, but then I realized it meant getting back at somebody.
They say the world is a smaller place then it used to be, but I think thats an optical illusion since I became a big fat guy.
Peter Pan at age 50 is still attractive to pedophiles
I was having a conversation, but they wouldnt listen, so I slit their throat to get my point across.
I'd say that what makes me really awesome is my humility.
Notanunpopularopinion but no one laughs at dank memes, that's why they're so funny
I'm proactive at work when I'm getting paid to do it. Otherwise, I'm just amateuractive.
People with one syllable names really ruin the "Happy Birthday" song.
Farts are just the ghosts of the things we have eaten.
Contact Jack For Any Hacking Deal
I don't like being a silhuette model anymore, because I am just living in my shadow.
Don't steal from people, that's the goverment's job
I am a die hard Bruce Willis fan
Up fears
Prepositions should never be used to end a sentence with.
Just given my hamster a coffee because I don't want him falling asleep at the wheel
Im never wrong, except for that one time, I think.
This morning I put 2 semis together to make a full truck.
If someone is 10% Polish, does that make them a tad pole?
It isn't gender, sexuality or race that separates us, it's people who can take a joke and people who can't.
Eventhough Spongebob is the protagonist, Patrick is the star.
Even though Spongebob is the main character, Patrick is the star.
My favorite dad jokes are apparent.
Wearing pants without a belt takes guts.
Haunted French pancakes always give me the crepes.
Everyone's a racist when it comes to bananas.
Sun-dried grapes are self-raisin.
Theres too much volume in my hair so I asked my barber to turn it down
Watched my first porn movie last night - I can't believe how young I looked.
Louis ck he rubs off on you.
If you need to start a fire by rubbing two sticks together, make sure theyre the same because then, youll have a match.
Morning sex is the best ....unless you're in jail
We should all start buying gamer boy bath water just to get them to bathe...
Professional Craigslist Hacker
They say that the Nile River Delta is just above the city of Cairo, but I'm in denial about that.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
If youre here for yodelling class, please form an orderly orderly orderly orderley-hee-hoo.
I like to drink when I work out. I call it Bacardio.
At first I didn't like this haircut, but it's grown on me.
I once worked as a trapeze artist but sadly I was let go.
Whoever created knock knock jokes deserves a no-bell prize
My grandma is what youd call a real moms mom.
If you pause it becomes 2 lines
Ever notice if you pause there's 2 lines.
Ever notice if you pause there's 2 lines.
People always tell me I'm bad at chess, but I've never checked.
With great power, comes great electric bill.
A Buddhist goes to a hotdog vendor and says make me one with everything.
I went to a talk on the surface of the moon, but when I got there I couldnt breathe!
It takes only 1 minute to become a murderer but a lifetime to be a nonmurderer so statistically everyone will murder at some minute or another
I dont like murderers but thats just cuz I dont know them yet
The ends dont justify the means so I don't work toward any ends
In Math, I'm partial to fractions, but really divided on the remainder.
My dad told me to stop using self deprecating humor, I told him I'm nothing without it.
Virgins cant be rapists so the ceremony to become a born-again virgin seems a loophole
With great reflexes comes great response ability.
I used to be a member of the secret cooking society, but they kicked me out for spilling the beans.
Your Job done first - Professional Hacker For Hire
I like my women like I like my hot tubs: So hot I can only stay in them for 30 seconds.
Friends are like snowflakes. They disappear when you pee on them
Anyone else looking forward to the next season of Who Wants to be a President?
Now that Ariel is black, it's a shame that King Triton won't be in the movie
Hedgehog porn is quite difficult to cum by.
All villains are bad in bed, because they are bad no matter if they stand, sit or lay
All villains are bad in bad, because they are bad no matter if they stand, sit or lay
I can't believe they took the word gullible out of the dictionary!
I've been diagnosed with a chronic fear of giants ~ feefiphobia.
They say dogs are mans best friend, but even my worst enemy wouldnt look me in the eye while pooping on my carpet.
People who still use a quill pen to write are write wing people.
I like what mechanics wear, overall.
Spiral staircases aren't sure when to end.
I didn't drink for eight years, then I turned 9 and it was all down hill after that.
Did you know Iceland is just one sea away from Ireland?
Trump's parade was such a disappointment, he named it "Eric"
I went by the house I grew up in and asked if I could come in and look around. They said no and slammed the door. My parents can be so rude.
General Hux refused to do business with Grubhub because they wouldn't give him free delivery for his First Order.
At weedings old people used to poke me and say "You're next!", so I did the same to them at funerals
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
The government is good for the people and they spend tax money effectively.
The Internal Revenue Service is a service to the government not to the people
"Over my dead body!" said my mother after I came out as an incestuous necrophiliac.
I identify as a kissgender male
If she can mix gas, she's a nice piece of ass!
I hate when kids get to the age when they ask questions about "the body", I mean, I just dont have the time to move it from the crawlspace to the shed.
All shoes are running shoes, when you have diarrhea.
A SHOUT OUT to all the CRAZY tinnitus sufferers out there!
Humans will walk on Mars when pigs can fly.
If the judge sends me to anger management Im gonna be pissed.
Whenever I play slots at the casino I get the spins.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino? Elaphino.
Did you hear about the Mormon cat that had nine wives?
Hovercrafts are fan-sea vehicles.
I don't want to sound like I'm showing off or something, but people put bricks through my windows just so they can hear me practicing my saxophone louder.
If you don't believe in horses, does that make you a neightheist?
I told my son to stop playing Russian roulette, but you know how it is with kids, in one ear, out the other.
God didn't do the papers so is an illegal immigrant
Two friends walked into a bar, but I ducked
The light of God is greater than the sun so causes more cancer
I was about to create the universe when God did it first
Find a woman with a birth defect that she has no pussy anus or mouth, then try to rape her
Heck is the place you go if you don't believe in Gosh.
I met a drunk ventriloquist who said she wanted to sleep with me but I didn't know whether it was her or the beer talking.
Heard about the new App equivalent of grindr for lesbians
Smuggling cocaine up your butt will leave you shitting bricks.
One day, Im going to get a tattoo that says Nothing Lasts Forever 
If the world lost all its left socks we would be all right.
Why are they called 'outstanding' debts when they're all shit?
I'm sorry I apologize so much.
Make sure to bring a parachute if you plan on skydiving more than once.
All of these 'trashtag challenge' posts are litterally changing my view of the world.
I went to the barber looking for hairoin
Im so long I was born dick first
If I became a recruiter for Shriners Hospital, would that make me a Fez Dispenser?
I got kicked out of the wig shop because I didnt want toupee.
If assholes could fly, the Senate would be the worlds number 1 airport
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public...
Shes so ugly I would not let her rape me
Ill never take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night again.
The new PC word for black is antidisestablishmentarianism-african-american, a word so long nobody will ever say it again and so the PC wins
A city planning fetishist came to a roundabout.
Meat is murder but I have a license to kill
Ill try anything once I lie to myself, as I pick up a crack pipe for the 400th time
Choosing between Democrats and Republicans is kind of like being asked if one prefers to be enslaved or raped.
Erectile dysfunction ruined my fucking moment.
When mechanics die
Why is Monday so far from Friday, and Friday so close to Monday?
I just bought some toilet paper for a bunch of assholes.
There is nothing to be said for
Electricians have to strip to make ends meet.
I haven't had a single drink all day. They've all been doubles.
The only reason sex takes longer than to stick it in once is the penis evolved to be too stupid to know if its stuck in a hot woman vs some other hole
Apparently if you cant aim properly, urinal lot of trouble.
Dear Math, please grow up and solve your own problems, I'm tired of solving them for you....
The only mystery in life is why the kamikaze pilots wore helmets...
I finally realized that people are prisoners of their phones... that's why it's called a "cell" phone...
I am on a seafood diet. I see food, and I eat it...
Criminal
Just read Steven Tyler's new Chinese cookbook, "Wok This Way."
"Its not you, its me" - bad when said on a breakup, worse when its said on identity theft trial.
Im nothing if not really really really really concise.
"until death do us part" is at best a sincere declaration of love, and at worst an ominous threat of a suicide pact
You get in more trouble for music piracy in computers than for butt piracy in jail
James Bond once slept right through an earthquake - he was shaken not stirred.
UPVOTE IF I CAN'T CONVINCE YOU TO DOWNVOTE MY POST
Okay, so apparently that thing where you drop your phone and kick it to the side on the way down to save it from hitting the floor directly doesn't apply to babies.
I would argue that you shouldn't .
It's hard out there for Viagra users.
You never see churches with free WiFi because no church wants to compete with an invisible power that actually works.
People often say that my life must be tough living with erectile dysfunction but honestly, it's not so hard.
As Trump would say, "Here we go again, like never before"
A new kind of affirmative action says everyone is presumed gay until proven straight
Most laws have no effect since we dont know them and the police dont know to arrest us for them
If you get a woman pregnant in a minivan, you're Omni-potent.
Belief, by faith, is unquestioningly tautological while rhetorical answers, in fact, lie in silence.
My mother always insists I wear multiple layers in the cold, even though she knows I subscribe to oneliners.
I caught a mime artist with headphones listening to the pretenders.
To the guy who invented the number zero, thanks for nothing.
I gave a cook birthday beets
According to science you can't be both hot and cool
To have a sex you need to make lots of dick moves
People with Tourettes; what makes them tick?
Caution: Hot Bever Ages ... sorry, Hot Beverages.
My favourite drink is subtle tea
"Thieves who snatch smartphones deserve rewards", says sociologist
Honey is legally categorized as raw meat by the FDA
What does Sean Connery call a cigarette in space?
I dont mind being a 2 because it means I can go into a 10 five times
My whole life turned upside down after I decided to live in a snow globe.
I have a pen that can write underwater as well as other words too.
A forester's job is a walk in the park.
your honor I smoked those drugs as a service to humanity to get rid of them so nobody else could get addicted
When theory differs from observation religion says the observation is wrong
I recommend you dont take my advice.
I once played charades with a deaf couple... They were so good
Every mushroom is edible, at least once.
If you're deaf, don't listen to anyone telling you what you can and can't do.
Contrary to what physics say, you don't become hot after being fired
You can drink lava, but only once.
If my life ever flashes before my eyes, Ill be bored to death.
Sophistication is knowing a bunch of stuff about a lot of stuff and having a big vocabulary and stuff.
Just found out the show Property Brothers is not about slaves
It hurts when you lose the first letter of couch.
I accidentally got the taxi service for juniors, called Uberty
Life is real shitty when you can't afford toilet paper
My girlfriend says that my masturbation habit is rubbing off on her.
peeing with an erection is hard...
I want to open a barber shop in the hood and call it Gang Bangs.
A Hair One
If you find Jesus in you, it's best let him finish and then call the cops.
Information Circulars are just Rectangular...
Dyslexic people either go to heaven or the North Pole.
I came here to do TWO things: a biathlon,
I came here to do two things: a biathlon,
I was once employed as a designer of cul de sacs. Turned out though to be a dead end job.
My neighbour keeps racing pigeons but the pigeons always win.
I turned 20 and soon I turned 30 and I whipped those 50 men on their backs
Hey I never chose to be this picky
A globe is forever young as we can't see it's edge
Survey found that 100% of people are not in a coma
Cows, pigs, and chickens are all dying for us to eat them.
Statistically, 6 out of 7 dwarves are not happy.
As a free thinking alcoholic, I know I exist because I drink, therefore I am.
Im going to play Marco Polo with myself in the shower, when I find myself I'll get out.
I just had amnesia and dj vu... I think Ive forgotten this before.
My new film about the death of Jesus is filled with easter eggs.
Everyday is a bad hair day if you're bald.
It's good to have roses on your piano but it is better to have tulips on your organ
Dispensary workers are Paid Tokespersons
There comes a time when the Flintstones memorabilia collector realizes he's just buying boxes of Fruity Pebbles in bulk
I have a great joke about superheroes, but I'd hate to diss guys in disguise
When people leave their families to become fishermen it's just too selfish.
with how many people hate each celebrity they should all be swarmed with ghosts haunting them
I know it sounds crazy but I can't find my marbles
I tried to start a group for guys with Erectile Dysfunction, but nobody was up for it.
I don't have time to hate people for their skin color cuz there's so many other reasons to hate them I must get to first
The importance of wearing cologne
Life is too short to be cynical.
If it was possible to modify sperm to breed with other sperm science is so gay it would have to be done
Ask a stupid question and get a stupid answer but ask a smart question and get ignored
A bunch of atheists walked down my street today handing out blank pieces of paper
I finally quit drinking for good, and now I drink for evil.
I heard your uncle was trying to take over your pepper factory and was jalapeno business
Any guy named Richard will be 'Dick'ed over his whole life.
My friend complained that he didn't know how to High Jump so I told him to just get over it.
Sometimes you can identify British people just be seeing where their teeth used to be.
My tombstone will one day read:"Respawning in 3-2-1 &lt;system error&gt;"
It's what's on the inside that matters most. For instance, take my fridge, there's a lot of beer in there.
I was just sitting around doing nothing when I got arrested for impersonating a politician.
Request: Need help on a witty rebuttal at the office.
The world's most famous mystery writer vanished.
You should never let Jesus take the wheel within 100 miles of the US border.
I was gonna try hetero sex, butt fuck it.
The pinky toe is a device used for finding furniture in the dark.
Math is just an illusion.
It wouldn't be like me if I impersonated someone else.
My company is a non-profit, but not on purpose.
As I've told you a million times, never exaggerate!
If ignorance is bliss, I work with angels 
Bill Gates and I have a combined net worth of $96.5 billion.
Using misleading adjectives gives me a huge, throbbing smile
If Youtube would only allow videos in 1080p or higher from next year on, it would be truly a new year's resolution.
My friends were trying to get me to do the limbo with them, but I wasn't gonna stoop to their level.
If your job is to buy and sell URL's, you can probably call yourself a domain expert
My friend couldnt afford their water bill so I sent them a get well card.
When cars will get AI we will be able to drive them mad.
Cannibals are true humanitarians.
There are no stupid questions. There are, however, many inquisitive idiots.
The beach is one of the few places where its socially acceptable to look happy while you bury a child.
I wanna stop eating cold turkey but I dont know how.
TIL Audie is pronounced "oddy", and not "Gold-Die".
The Ballad of Richard Nixon is stuck in my head.
Praising deadbeat thugs for Father's Day is like saying Happy Mother's Day to a hoe who just had an abortion
Why is a wife like a hand-grenade? Remove the ring, and BOOM - the house is gone!
If I ever get married one day I hope it would be to my future wife
Food is premature shit
If she ever called you daddy, then happy Father's Day to you as well
There are two ways to piss people off, one is not finishing what you're saying and the second is
There are two ways to piss people off, one is not to finish your sentence and the second is
I've never eaten a meal at Joe's crab shack that didn't contain maggots but that's probably cuz I've never eaten there
Taller people sleep longer.
Smoking pot out of an apple is the closest I've ever come to eating a salad.
I broke my finger today. But on the other hand, I'm fine.
If you would like me to tell you how I preserve my jellies and jams, I can.
70% of passing college is showing up. The other 20% is passing your entry level math course.
Getting a career installing mirrors is something I can see myself doing.
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
Sometimes I wake up grumpy, other times I let her sleep.
I bet hitmen get a lot of money. I mean, they must make a killing.
Keanu Reeves jokes never get old, just like people who hurt Keanu Reeves dog.
He finally got the DMT. R.I.P
Time flies like the wind, fruit flies like bananas.
Long story short, Odysseus makes it back home.
Time flies when you're throwing watches
I almost went to a cook-off yesterday, but there wasn't enough thyme.
A little birdie told me to see a shrink, which made sense since animals shouldnt be talking at all.
I can still remember my mother tucking me in when I was little, she must have really wanted a girl.
My girlfriend went to the beauty parlor and asked for the look of a rock star
A small part of me thinks my girlfriend is sexually unsatisfied.
Any day can be your wedding day, if you just lower your standards enough.
A recent study has found that people who create original oneliners get more upvotes than the people who repost it.
A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.
I stayed up all night trying to figure out what will happen at 4am. Then it dawned on me.
You've gotta hand it to relay runners, don't you?
all Humans are equals but everyone else monkeys robots etc can go screw themself
referring to...
Bicycles can't stand up on their own because they're two tired.
satan doesnt charge for his services in hell
If pronouncing by b's like v's makes me sound Russian, then Soviet.
A magician walks down the street and turns into a grocery store
My B&amp;D fetish was getting out of control, but it wasn't until I started spanking statues that I realized I'd hit rock bottom.
I scooped up a cup of pool water, dipped my balls in it, then asked if anyone would kiss the water, but they werent as willing as when I did the same in the pool
My new pool has me drowning in debt.
An Irishman walks out of a bar
Shout out to people who don't know what the opposite of in is
Bigfoot spotted in California, solid brown everywhere else.
Masturbation is like dividing by 0, sex with your own gender but isnt gay or straight
The Titanic
you know I jumped out of the frying pan and into the fire
I think that pencil are building airplanes to draw a pencil
When people ask me what my favourite film is, i always have the same answer.
the death penalty is outsourcing prisons to hell
I switched careers and became a mime and I can't tell you how much happier I am!
A palindrome loving man walks into a bar and without ordering anything goes out of the bar
To the people who are trying to overcome their paranoia, I'm behind you all the way.
Women are like swimming pools. Very high maintenance costs compared to the little time you'll actually spend in it.
People who don't have any sense of humour are solemn.
If I were a cow, I'd move to India.
I thought I had kicked the habit of stealing board games, but there was one last Risk I had to take.
Shoutout to the people who don't know what the opposite of in is
Dicks out!
All the bees have a B in them, why so much fuss about the queen bee?
At first i didn't like the flacid dick up my ass, but then it started to grow on me.
My favourite time of day is 6:30, hands down.
Media reports warn of dangerous sheep overpopulation. The government has dismissed this as fake Ewes.
People in Iran are terrified by spiders, but in Iraq, no phobia!
People in Dubai don't like the Flintstones, but the people in Abu Dhabi dooo!
my ex has the amazing ability to see the $#!+ stain in the silver lining.
What is not the longest word in the dictionary.
Witchcraft before marriage is premarital hex
I went to a fight last night and an ice hockey game broke out
I used to have an open mind, but my brain kept falling out.
Possessio is nine tenths of the word
Pretentious? Moi?
I read a book about pseudonyms by this guy called Charlotte Richardson.
If anyone has a good way of clearing ear wax, give me a shout.
Ironically, it's not easy to talk about blowjobs.
I put the sexy in dyslexia
The hardest part about living in a cannibal society must be keeping ahead of the neighbors.
Imagine if one day we unlock the other 98% of milk.
My Dad hates his new stair lift. He says it drives him up the wall.
My girlfriend tried to make us have sex on top of her Honda Civic, but I prefer to do it on my own Accord.
I got the words "jacuzzi" and "yakusa" confused and now I'm in hot water with the Japanese mafia.
I thought I spotted a leopard once, but it turns out theyre born like that.
Is it solipsistic in here, or is it just me?
Widening the holes in wood is a boring job, but fastening sheet metal together is riveting.
I burned my HTC phone hoping that whoever made it was dyslexic.
Technically, national anthems are just country music.
After my wife gave birth, the doctor turned to me and said -
I don't like subtitles on pornography.
I have approximately 17 far worse ways to kill you, so be grateful
tired egg
I got kicked out of school because they have recess, and I don't play games.
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you.
If I'm not mistaken, it looks like you're mistaken.
Next time I need an idiot, I'll go myself.
Dont you hate it when youre dating identical twins and you get confused and you fuck the dad?
If any man knows a reason these 2 should not be married, speak now or forever hold your penis
I know they say there's plenty of fish in the sea, but honey you're swimming in the shallow pool.
Did anyone see the joke I posted recently about my spine? It was about a weak back.
He liked pork chops so much he bought the farm.
I'm a massive overachiever; overdraft, overfed, overtired...
There's no 'u' in 'corporation'.
I thought hosting the herding, trampoline, and fan conventions at the same time at the same place would be fine, but then the sheep hit the fan.
my brother called me from prison and said hey you know how we finish each others sentences?
I want to open a bar with a dance studio inside and call it the Tap Room.
Apparently, when you go to donate blood its supposed to be YOUR blood
I see through your evil plan to make all solids transparent!
I keep meaning to tell my wife about my ED, but it just never comes up.
People call my upstairs area full of prosthetic hearing devices strange or bizarre, but I prefer Ear Attic.
asked a guy to explain being blind and he was like well you see, i don't
i saw this guy with license plates that said "sonofgod". and i was like, jesus christ.
I started a non-profit organization that hired assassins to go after fortune tellers but they saw it coming.
999$ for that, Apple? I won't stand for it!
I always thought that reincarnation was my best shot at fame and fortune.
I illegally installed an electric elevator and was promptly brought up on battery charges.
I recently installed an illeagal, electric elevator and was promptly brought up on battery charges.
Rape. Small word. Long sentence.
If you get heartburn eating cake, try taking the candles off.
It has recently been discovered that research causes cancer in rats.
Speed dating, very different from dating on speed.
Save on syllab
Soon Canada will take over the world then you'll all be sorry
When they told me I was bi-polar, I wasnt sure whether to laugh it off or cry it out.
Reversing trucks for a living is my backup career
I used to be scared of the harbor but then I realized I have nothing to be a freight of.
After aimlessly walking around the gym for an hour, I realized this isnt working out.
This is my stepladder. I never knew my real ladder.
I work construction. My friend and i are at a construction conference. She sees a guy in a MAGA hat drinking Busch and says oh he must be a field guy since he is drinking Busch. I said: if he was eating bush it would be a totally different conversation.
I hear Plastic Surgeons always like to be kept abreast
If I were an acupuncturist, I'd probably be on pins and needles all day!
People who cancel appointments are disappointing.
this is how you read seven words
I always cry when I think of my Great-Great-Great-Great-Great-Great-Great-Great-Great-Great-Great-Great-Great-Great-Great-Great-Great-Great-Great-Great-Great-Great-Grandfather and how he died at the Battle of Crcy in 1346.
Lawyers become unpopular when they lose their Appeal
A logic fetishist came to a conclusion.
Admitting you have a drinking problem is one-fifth the battle.
I heard the doctor tell my mom that I'm on the artistic spectrum. That explains why I like rainbows so much!
Sleep is a tiring subject
Put down the phone, close your eyes, and just concentrate on driving.
Maury is the nicest man that exploits people
Poker is not a sport. It is a card game for people with beady eyes and cowboy hats
Grammar: the difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit
Dont ask me about my pan pizza, its personal.
I wouldn't say I'm a narcissist, I have people to do that for me.
Someone once asked me what the difference is between ignorance and apathy, but I didnt know and I dont care.
The food carts are so Portland that each food purchase should come with a lap dance
Jokes about glasses are a bit on the nose.
Becoming a necromancer takes real deadication.
Correct punctuation: the difference between a sentence thats well-written and a sentence thats, well, written.
Rural America has more abused kids than you could shake a stick at.
I support the metric system every inch of the way.
I think my ad blocker is mistakenly hiding other stuff because all the nearby girls interested in me can no longer reach out to let me know.
I'm addicted to brake fluid but I can stop at any time.
In high school, my math teacher called me average and that was mean.
When my boyfriend of 2 years broke up with me in the middle of a blowjob, it was hard to swallow
Last night I met a girl named Ivy, at first I didn't like the name, but it's started growing on me.
It takes a lot of balls to golf the way I do.
I've said it before and I'll say it again, because 'it' is a pretty common word in our language
Poor grammar makes me [sic]
Sit on my lap and well talk about the first thing that pops up.
The problem with kleptomaniacs is that they always take things literally.
To be Frank, I'd have to change my name.
Crickets are the harshest critics.
Write a wise saying and your name will live forever.  Anonymous.
50% of all CEOs are bald while the other 50% are women.
When a girl changes her clothes in front of you she's either interested, or she hasn't spotted you in the tree yet.
I bought my wife a rabbit vibrator, it tried to eat my carrot.
My buddy thinks camping is dull, but I think camping is in tents.
When buying a new drain stopper for your sink, always take it out for a spin first.
Pulling out pubes is a ballsy thing to do.
Employee of the month is a good example of how somebody can be both a winner and a loser at the same time.
I was addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around.
A nurse pulls a thermometer from her pocket &amp; says, Some arsehole's got my pen.
Theres two fish in a tank, and one says, How do you drive this thing?
Sleeping with a necrophiliac? Over my dead body!
Portland and snowflakes go together like women and cocaine
What can I say about Mime artists that haven't been said already.
Living in Portland and not having tattoos and piercings, is like living in the South and not flying the Confederate flag
How does Teflon stick to the pan?
Nasty comments on Reddit made me loose my mind and I deleted my account, now you can find me on Facebook.
In most cases, cell phones won't crack when you drop them
I wont sleep until I find a cure for insomnia!
My website for horny sprinters is up and running.
Having watched scuba diving BJ porn all my life, everything else really blows it out of the water.
Just to make things clear, I'm going to put my glasses on.
I never got married because my in-laws couldnt have any children.
The best part of a cucumber tastes just like the worst part of a watermelon.
believe in god just for the small chance that not believing leads to hell and pay a little to scammers offering you millions of dollars just for the small chance its true
Much like an Eagle flying through the air, I too, always sore.
The American flag on the moon has been bleached by radiation so much that it's now turned into the French flag
My dad was terrible at carving the chicken, so now I've got a bone to pick
Nazi jokes take me out of mein kampfort zone and make me fuhrerious.
What can I say about Mimes that haven't been said already.
Somebody stole my mood ring, I don't know how I feel about it.
I used to breed dogs until I realized they could do it themselves!
If Im ever asked to high five and go too high, thats on them.
A pimp walks into Lowes and shouts, Where dem hose at?
I bought some shoes from my drug dealer, I don't know what he laced them with but I've been tripping all day
You always get high for smoking cigarettes from a drug dealer.
Youre too judgmental.
Some people claim that eating pineapple makes semen taste sweeter, but I find that rather hard to swallow.
Is botany considered a STEM career?
My drug dealer always cracks me up
My friend recently was crushed by a pile of books, but he only has his shelf to blame.
If you invent a better mouse trap, mice become your ally in making money
Be compassionate towards what you can't feel love about.
People say I drink a lot but I don't remember ever blacking out
I always thought you had a pubic hair until you pissed out of it.
The trick to a good abortion joke is in the delivery.
cunning linguist applies for job as dictionary editor
Being vegan is a big missed steak!
My doctor insists that the cure for obesity is as easy as taking candy from a baby.
My knowledge of abbreviations is LTD.
Have I spoken about continuity before?
With great power comes no responsibility if youre god
If you think nobody cares if youre alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
What do you call a midget that practices karate?
The ending of JFKs biography was mind blowing
90% of people are bad at math - I'm just glad I'm in the other 25%.
Donald Trump has the right idea, think about it, China built a wall, and how many Mexicans does China have?
Donald trump has the right idea, think about it, China built a wall and how many Mexicans does China have?
Ive had a Napoleon Complex ever since I was little
We call my aunt anti abortion which is pretty mean cause shes had 5 abortions
. _ .
Im warming up to cold showers
I started a business selling land mines disguised as prayer mats...
Monday is an awful way to spend 1/7th of your life.
My sophomore year was the best three years of my life.
I cant write a Batman joke to save my parents life.
Every day is bring your kid to work day in China.
Women are like parking spaces, normally all the good ones are taken, so sometimes, when nobody is looking, you gotta stick it in a disabled one.
in dating men have more rights that they would never choose to use
In London May leaves in June.
Isis huge in Antarctica
Since people are taking poles, I took a pole at a strip club and concluded 100 % of the partons and workers were pissed!
If government keeps expanding youll have to get a license to use a public bathroom
I cant remember why Ive been procrastinating so much lately, but Im sure itll come to me tomorrow.
The dyslexic devil worshipper sold his soul to santa.
The midget fortune teller that killed his customers is a small medium at large.
I used to believe we were all real, but it turns out atoms made up everything.
Is a newborn bear cub a bear minimum?
A guy who lost both his legs went and joined the arm-y
A one armed man walks into a second hand shop.
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
I wasn't going to finish my Caesar salad, but we'll see what romaines.
I seem crazy to worship someone who was hanged for being a good person, but hey, that's Christianity for you.
god bless this and that awomen
realty makes you wish it wasnt reality
If the law is under god then I am above the law
Shave not lest ye be shaved
I hired a landscape gardener but he was unable to help because my garden is portrait.
Straws are for suckers.
There are 6 trillion 945 billion 222 million 893 thousand 422 more ants in the world than there are uncles.
A guy was running around with glitter on his balls, It was pretty nuts.
If I had a time machine each day I would loan $1 to me yesterday and pay it back with the $1 I'm loaned from tomorrow
Putting your penis into peanut butter is fucking nuts.
If a special ed student is late to class more than once, is he re-tardy?
Ive tried finishing Moby Dick but its a whale of a story.
53 multiplied by 4 is SEXY
It turns out Britain cannot leave, but Theresa May.
My family is so good at getting leukemia, some may say its in our blood.
Menstrual jokes are never funny, period.
This is my stepladder. I never knew my real ladder.
2 for the price of 1 each so normal price but you have to buy 2
How long is a Chinese man.
I guess you could say I presume people aren't mutes.
pedophiles are fucking immature assholes
Condoms are for fucking pussies!
Never date a pilot because your relationship will always be up in the air. 
Stayin Alive is a very ironic Bee Gees song title.
Nothing is moore embarrassing than misspelling somethng.
The only situation where your expectation will not turn into disappointment, is when you expect to be disappointed.
Original joke by yours truly
The only situation where your expectation will not turn into disappointment, is when you expect to be disappointed.
I have seen many thieves in my life but this one takes the cake.
I just got back from the Front.
Im reading a horror story in Braille, and I can totally feel something bad is about to happen.
A woman who's giving birth is literally kidding.
I just read that 3 out of 1 Americans have Math Dyslexia.
I've just written my first joke about tantric sex. It's been a long time coming.
Is masturbation still a sin if you do it religiously?
I love pronouns, and they can never take that away from me.
Don't use the fitting rooms at JCPenney, they become really irritate if you don't buy their underwear.
Shouldn't have eaten that expired ketchup but Heinzsight is 20/20
That kid is definitely going places - prison is a place, too.
I protested against mass demonstrations.
My doctor told me I desperately needed to lose 100 pounds to better my health so I bought 50 National Lottery Lotto tickets from England.
My wife wanted me to stop doing my impression of a flamingo, so I had to put my foot down
The secret to a great Hawaiian pizza is to cook it at aloha temperature.
I got drunk for a month one night.
Inner Ear function - I don't know where I stand on it
Have the band The Vaccines ever supported The Cure?
My toilet seat is so cold, it broke up with my ass via text.
I'd like morning a lot more if it came later in the day.
Rain or shine Ill put up that roof asbestos I can
I had a recurring dream once
There are two kinds of people - those who realize they've been given an incomplete set of data.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I dont know what he laced them with, but Ive been tripping all day.
To make a long story short, just take the elevator.
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
You can lead a man to Congress, but you can't make him think.
As the scene started, the pessimistic porn director said "she's going to blow it."
To update the phrase the pen is mightier than the sword, propaganda is mightier than the nuke
get out of the cult-ure while you still can
If I had a quarter for every maths test I failed I'd have $1.37.
You never know until you experience it yourself.
Death is my trigger to live like it's my last day.
Roses are red, violets are blue, if I gave you food for thought, will you chew?
Making tea the right way is a cup of tea for me.
The only men who dont want to legalize public nudity have a small penis
The human brain is awesome. It functions 24/7 from the moment we are born and only stops working when you're taking an exam
After watching Game of Thrones I can now understand how the Queen of England is German
SPOILER ALERT: The Never Ending Story ends.
It really doesn't surprise me that my cat is a huge fan of electronic music. He's a House Cat.
The brother of necessity is the uncle of invention
I prefer my kale with a silent "K"
The existence of laws is the main cause of crime
In the world of good vs evil, I am Switzerland
You, too, can have a body like mine... if you're not careful
Thank you, thank you all! I've had some requests tonight...
If you divorce a woman in Tennessee, is she still your cousin?
I have no words to describe how I felt when I found out that the thesaurus I bought was full of only blank pages
Successfully surprising my disappoinments.
Im trying to work on my horrible sense of direction, which is a step in the left direction.
Yas !
Two wrongs don't make a right, however three lefts do.
Justice is best served cold because if it was served warm it would be justwater.
check your zodiac chart, I think you head is in Uranus
Ive said it before and Ill say it again.
If only I were gay in the eighteenth century, I'd not be sad
If only I were gay in the eighteenth century, I'd not be sad :(
You know how I know Im getting laid tonight? Im stronger than my wife
Traveling is the best trap you can fall into.
I Dream of Jeannie would have been a very different show if Roger would have found that bottle.
I'm shooting for a whole weekend of peace and quiet... and I might need more bullets.
I recently took a pole, and 100% of the people in the tent were mad at me
I would say a joke about time travel but you didnt like it
You can stop MP3s with MP5s.
Time Travel: It's only a matter of time!
I was surprised by the lack of training when I started working as a garbage man, I just had to pick things up along the way.
I stand with PP because sitting down to PP is for girls
Electricians have to strip to make ends meet.
Has anyone in the last 100 years really invented a better mouse trap?
My sister said that no woman could make a fool out of me, because I'm the DIY type.
The worst part about being an atheist is you have nobody to talk to when you're having an orgasm.
Thankfully, jeans wrinkled in the shape of a penis are D creasing.
Impersonators that make fun of people that can't grasp language are really imitating.
I hate first world problems almost as much as I hate the new paint job on my 2019 Range Rover.
I just heard about the Baader-Meinhof effect recently and now I'm seeing examples of it everywhere.
The grass is greener by the septic tank.
Evolution must be fake because some folk's logic never progressed beyond the Stone Age.
Worst thing about Alzheimers is you dont find out about it just once.
I HATE being temperamental!
Yo mama is so fat, Thanos had to clap
Lol
We'll, I for one think autocorrect is ducking brilliant.
One time I had diarrhea, but I must have gotten rid of it because now I have gonorrhea.
You can't have manslaughter without laughter.
I was going to post a time travel joke but it only got three likes
Geology rocks but geography is where its at
If I wasn't so fussy about words I would just tanscribe the dictionary.
I use a lot of words the great writers used, especially the prepositions.
I'm absolutely fed up with voraphiles.
There is always a chance when you are playing Monopoly
Sexual Assault. It Rubs off on you
I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap.
I recently took a pole and found that 100% of the people in the tent were angry when it collapsed.
Made a zine about making America great again. Called it a magazine.
I'm not racist because racism is a crime and crime is for black people
I couldn't remember whether the sun rises in the east or the west, but then it dawned on me.
Shares of marijuana stock have certainly come off their highs recently.
Lower the bar and men will walk into it.
Concentrated juice is of the essence.
"I don't think I can absorb light," he reflected.
Ah don't worry, It'll be fun! says the scientist to the monkey strapped to a rocket.
"Shoplifting" sounds like an extreme form of bodybuilding exercise.
hey girl are you from Tennessee cos... u look inbread
You'll learn two things as you get older: never trust a woman and never trust a fart.
The guy who invented solitaire taekwondo is probably kicking himself right now.
I hate it when you sincerely compliment someones mustache and suddenly shes not your friend anymore.
I just purchased a 1962 Ford Cortina and when I turned the radio on I was just in time to hear Kennedy say, "We choose to go to the Moon in this decade and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard."
Sex was always a surprise for Helen Keller, she never saw him coming.
This tortilla chip company is really making the rounds
Its been so long since Ive had sex Ive forgotten which arm its under
I ordered a giant duck at a fancy restaurant last night. The bill was huge.
I didn't fail med school a single time, but that's because I never went.
The Gentleman's Disappointment Club is pleased to announce that the meeting on Friday is cancelled.
It's been so long since I had sex, I wear flip-flops to remind me what it sounds like.
I'm not into married women, just ask my wife.
McDonalds has sold more Macs than Apple
I aint racist, but marathons are kinda shit tbh
Ribbed condoms don't even taste like it.
In 2024, the Curiosity rover will become nonoperational, and the cat will have finally had its revenge
I tried to be nice by holding the door open for a girl but apparently, chivalry doesn't apply to bathroom stalls
*tries to wave goodbye to the genie without spilling my 3 giant milkshakes*
My wife says I'm completely blind to her needs but I just don't see it.
All my titanic jokes tend to sink
Think of life like counting numbers; stop at nothing to avoid negativity.
Theres a fine line between doing coke and not doing coke.
I miss the nostalgic days.
Who called it Racist and not blacktoes intolerant?
Cleopatra was one BABF.
My ex kept on texting me "wish you were here," but then I remembered she lived next to the cemetery.
A Freudian slip is just a figment of your ejaculation.
You need an ID to get a DUI.
i only use lower case letters because i hate capitalism
As a blanket statement I like all heavy bed coverings.
I'm putting a stop to my alcoholism TODAY, until I finish work tomorrow.
I can say from my expereince that there isn't a single mistake on my CV.
Whoever invented the knock-knock joke should answer to someone.
Anal is fucking shit
Have sex with your sibling. I incest!
Who needs rhetorical questions anyway?
It takes some serious balls to speak up about the widespread use of gendered language
When somebody at the fancy dress party noticed that my egg costume was worn out, I cracked.
Schizophrenia blows my minds.
Onion rings are vegetable donuts
My cow went dry this Morning. Its udderly disappointing.
Today I had the *revolutionary* idea of wearing my hair in a colonial ponytail
When you're shooting for success you can end up with a black eye, but when you're shooting for effect, you can end up with a shiner
A rapper walks into 16 bars
Sometimes no means yes, nohomo... And nohomo to that...
I didn't like the idea of having long hair as a man, but it grew on me.
My only problem with Avengers: Endgame is that at no time do Benedict Cumberbatch or Robert Downey Jr. say "No shit, Sherlock" to each other
Worshippers of the Flying Spaghetti monster consider God an impasta
I missed my doctors appointment today because I wasnt felling well.
People say i have equivocal thoughts, but they clearly don't see it.
Poor mans birth control is to tell women how bad a father he'd be
Coconut milk is for baby coconuts!
I think there is a chance I might be insecure.
An overweight psychic was laughed at when announcing she was a medium
I only steal from the dollar store because they have terrible security.
My wife didnt talk to me for a week before she said, ...and another thing...
I'm getting really tired of my kids giving me shit about my cursing.
I told my mother-in-law to make herself at home, so she sold the place.
People who confuse the words "Burro" and "Burrow" don't know their ass from a hole
Puberty left me hanging
There's no way I'll allow those filthy conjunctions to be members of my Parts of Speech club, no ifs, ands, or buts.
What is Kurt Cobain favourite dish?
Only kids who survive past birth will remember
I've got things to see and people to do.
I'm insecure and I'm proud.
If heaven is perfect then abandon all hope of your life ever improving after you get there
My new meth cocaine combo called methaine hasn't been selling very well because it smells like shit.
Im always confusing incense with insect. Last week I meant to meditate and woke up next to my cousin
Dual meaning
Yo mama so old..she still owes Jesus 5 dollars
Whenever I try to pick up a girl they usually tell me to put them down.
I used to think seances were a waste of time until I went to one with my gran; seeing her panic made it completely worth it.
I bought a top of the range scuba diving outfit, it's even waterproof.
I've got all it takes to be complacent.
You know your medicine stopped working when you ask yourself out on a date and get turned down.
I have never paid for sex in my life although I have had a lot of screaming and shouting prostitutes chasing me.
I'll commit suicide or die tryin
do you think youre better than me cuz you got both your nuts?
I was gonna tell you a joke about construction, but it isn't finished yet.
Obesity is going round.
If an Arctic bear likes both male and female bears, does that make it a bi Polar bear?
I can now say I have a body figure like Thor
You can't spell advertisements without semen between the tits
Medusa is snakes on a brain
The mayor proposed an idea to build an airport in the middle of the city but it was plane to see it would never take off.
We all have thick skin on the bottom of our feet.
I think I have AD, which is like ADHD only Im not as sharp.
I attend rap battles to get feedback on my hairstyle.
If hard times only make you stronger, I should be able to whup Superman's ass by now.
Plumbers must be the only people who wash their hands before they use the toilet.
I was drinking my milkshake on a cliff and thought wow, this is ledge n' dairy.
Fortunately the firemen managed to save our local convenience store, but the bread was toast.
The more credible narrative is the least likely story
In New York someone gets stabbed every 52 seconds...poor bastard!
As a tall person, you've really gotta hand it to people who ask you to reach something.
If schools would stop teaching subtraction, kids would never know the difference.
I clean my ass with Colgate because it gives me a ring of confidence.
Synthetic fertilizer should be called sham poo
The procrastination club's meeting has been postponed.
r/fiftythousandtorpedos hits 50K subs!
Absenteeism is becoming less present.
I had read long ago that some Tibetan monks claim to be able to emit certain sounds that can kill a person. In the West we can do the same thing after eating a hot TIbetan curry.
hi 911 Ive just witnessed a murder and will tell you about it for the low price of $500
I only have a drinking problem sunday morning when its illegal to buy alcohol
I don't know if your father is alive or dead cuz I don't know anything about him
If Machievelli had discovered America instead of Columbus, the city would be called Machievelli, Ohio.
I am fed up with second rate solutions and am now going for third rate.
I am fed up with second ate solutions and am now going for third rate.
Looks like Lando is gonna be riding Solo now
I couldn't find any rutabagas at the grocery store today - they just didn't turnip.
I didn't know what to wear for my ejaculation society meeting so I came in my pants
Who's the winner if the rat race never stops?
My girlfriend wouldn't stop asking me for a ring, so I finally broke down and called her.
People who enjoy mutual masturbation ...pull yourself together
A pun based theatrical production performed on dictionaries and thesauruses is a play on words
I wanted to get a clock tattoo on my stomach, but the tattooist told me it would be a waist of time.
The top job at the Old MacDonald's farm corporation is the CIEIO.
It's called "sand" because it's between "sea" and "land".
I love watching CW while I cook, just me The Flash n' a pan.
The weather was so bad yesterday my sump pump was throwing up all night!
The weather was so bad last night my sump pump was throwing up all night!
Becoming a cyborg costs an arm and a leg.
I tried sniffing coke once but the ice cubes kept getting in my nose.
I wish Google Maps had an avoid ghetto option.
Do Claustrophobics listen to Trap music?
I saw an ant getting high on antacid
I wish medusa would stop objectifying people.
My job circumcising elephants doesn't pay much but the tips are huge.
Man walks into a Psychologist's office wearing nothing, except "seran" plastic wrap underwear. Psycologist looks up at him ans says: "Hmmmm I can completely see your nuts."
Don't read 'part' backwards, it's a trap
Purple is my favorite color. I like it more than Red and Blue combined.
The procrastinating time traveler came at last!
I have a karaoke machine that only plays a cappella songs. It doesnt work but no one cares
There's no excuse when it comes to rudeness.
Mutes are practically unheard of.
Calling your mother an asshole makes you a piece of shit.
Always proofread carefully to see if you any words out.
Demons are a Ghoul's best friend.
If you're worried that you might one day develop Alzheimer's disease, you can just forget about it.
~ nuff said
I believe that the concept of "confirmation bias" is unfounded and patently false, and I refuse to entertain any evidence to the contrary.
Camping is in tents.
My wife married the man I love
In Soviet Russia, joke tell you.
If a tree falls on your ex in the woods and nobody hears it, get rid of the chainsaw just in case.
I think people are ovary-acting about periods
The best advise I've ever given was "don't ask me"
Waking up this morning was an eye-opening experience.
Blood Pressure
These days, everyone is under the weather... apart from astronauts who are above it all
Islam must be the true religion because the universe started with an explosion
Every time I find the meaning of life they change it.
You can't cut corners when drawing a circle
Every statement is true, false, or word-salad
Beekeepers mine their own beeswax.
I dont know what shams are, but I think its weird that we put their poo in our hair.
I wonder if colorblind people read Colorado as just ado
My dad bought me a globe for my birthday. It means the world to me.
NO TAMPONS, PERIOD!
I'm getting so old that I have more back issues than a comic book store.
I was gonna tell you a gay joke, butt fuck it. (Sorry if this offends you, not my intent)
Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes. Then, youre a mile away and you have their shoes.
If my iguana has a hangnail, do I have a reptile dysfunction? (Say it out loud...:)
Is a hippopotamus a hippopotamus, or just a really cool Opotamus?
If you take your wages in monopoly money, that's a false profit
My girlfriend tried to make me have sex on the hood of her Honda Civic. I refused. If I have sex, its going to be on my own Accord.
I love PornHub! They got the best fucking videos.
If you're really dedicated you can do anything for the rest of your life.
People with tourrette's, what makes them tick?
I thought this was funny
Here I sit all brokenhearted I came to shit but only farted.
In my neighborhood, we had to get rid of the neighborhood watch because they were scaring the rapists and burglars.
Our teacher told us that if we dont learn from our history, then we are doomed to repeat it next semester.
I went to a store to buy something but they told me I had to be more specific.
I swear to God if my neurologist asks me to lay on the surgery table one more time I will give him a piece of my mind
I think pennies are funny, but thats just my cents of humor.
I think pennies are funny, but thats just my cents of humor.
To all 6 of you who like my stuff, I do it all for you.
I think I am stupid but don't know why.
What is the best way to break out of stupity? Stupid question.
Guys, I created a new word. Plagiarism
Too much of anything is bad, especially literal counterexamples of this statement that ignore its pragmatical implication
Hotdogs are normally inserted into the upper sphincter
the religious man told his girlfriend I god you, assuming she knew god is love
Dyslexa is more common than you think.
I dont smoke, steal, drink or take drugs, but I cant stop lying.
Im okay with smoking, alcohol and marijuana, but cocaine is where I draw the line.
I have the perfect marriage: everything is my fault.
I understand that the doctor had to spank me when I was born, but I really don't see any reason he had to call me a whore.
As a kid burns down a building, his parents stand watching proudly with tears in their eyes say to each other, "That's arson."
I can row a boat...canoe?
The problem with capitalism is that other people have the money.
When I go shopping for a new smart phone, I always take Obi-Wan Kenobi with me, because he knows if it's the Droid I'm looking for.
Put the lettuce in the glass display case. That romaines to be seen.
There will never be a book about procrastinating professionally.
When my tile tower collapsed, I knew I had a case of erect tile dysfunction.
Why do so many people hate the guy who killed Hitler?
I rocked a baby to sleep last night; I gave it the ol one-two.
Being an astronaut must be a blast
Never in the history of calm down has anyone calmed down by being told to calm down.
If I wanted to know about MLK I would have axed you!
To the dude flipping me off for honking at him  your phone is on top of your car.
I was hoping you would not be the nicest person I ever met, I just haven't met anyone else yet.
Whenever I get brainfreeze, I just eat some road salt to make it melt faster
What do you it when theres terrible allergies all over the country? Pollin-nation.
My addiction is so bad I can only walk when i'm horny.
People named 'willy' sure do have it hard you know.....
Linear relationships are too graphic.
I buy my guns from a T-Rex; he's a small arms dealer
Calendars are for the week
Calendars are for the week
I wonder if tap dancers ever look at a floor and say Yeah, Id tap that...
I've got an inclination that having particular dispositions is bad.
This lady in Walmart was staring at me like she'd never seen someone spraying on deodorant and putting it back on the shelf.
Freedom of expression mainly exists outside of marriage.
Surely not everybody was kung-fu fighting
Tried to catch some fog the other day. Mist.
The intent is to provide players with a sense of pride and accomplishment for unlocking different heroes.
With the money that anti vaxxers save by not vaccinating their kids, they can buy little, tiny child coffins.
If youre thinking of buying a dog, dont get a Labrador. Most of their owners end up blind
My neighbor was bragging about his new 1.8 liter Honda, so I told him I just bought a 2.0 liter Mountain Dew.
Money can't buy happiness, but for $10 million I wouldn't mind being unhappy.
I am a former smoker who used to smoke.
I'm not homophobic - I watch lesbian porn all the time!
Breastfeeding sucks
Burying someone in the wrong place ...
How great it would be to be a pet fish. You're swimming around and suddenly it starts raining food.
I like to call in sick to places I don't work. Tomorrow I'm getting written up at Wal-Mart
Today is Earth Day, and it should also become a day when normal people make fun of Flat Earthers
If at first you dont succeed, skydiving is not your sport.
A homeless guy came up to me and told me that he hadn't eaten in two days so I told him "You should force yourself!"
I feel heroic for giving blood everyday, but maybe I am just diluting myself.
Checkmate, chess-deniers.
If humans had to build their houses like spiders I would literally shit bricks.
They told me to stop singing Wonderwall ...I said maybe
Awkward is a bit of an awk word, but not as awkward as awk.
On my Fridge I keep dozens of pictures of my old Fridges.
They used to call me Hopalong Cassidy, but after my hip replacement they referred to me as Callaway Went Thataway.
Constipation is a difficult thing to get past.
If you were so unoriginal by quoting Bob Marley quotes on 4/20, you gonna get tested tomorrow and get fired
Most people think that t-rexes can't clap because they have short arms, but really it's because they are dead
A good pun is it's own reword.
Woman claims to have been touched by God, files a sexual harassment claim
I hate when books end on a
Make sure to wish your local Baker a Happy Yeaster day!
You better scramble like an egg before you fold like an omelette
Going to church doesnt make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Porches are like Porcupines but the pricks are on the inside
I organize my clothes by proximity
Limbo is easier than Limbo Jr.
When I was in school, I learned that there's a vas deferens between the male and female reproductive system.
You ever get so high that you call the White House looking for hookers?
Cows have hooves because they lack-toes
Plumbing is an honest and demanding job yet everyone shits on their work.
Everyone knows how John F Kennedy died; that ones a no brainer
There once was a Nan from Mantuckit.
I like to use the handicap stall in the restroom because of all the extra leg room, that way it doesn't go to waste.
Every time you think you weaken the nation.
If your parents never had any children, chances are you won't either.
Everyone knows how John F. Kennedy died
Feminism womanifests itself in society.
You can't spell subtext without butt sex
Damn, celebs can go from being A-list to not on Z-list real fast
Jesus.
When I die bury me upside down so my enemies can kiss my ass!
Going to Passover Easter this weekend
All the christians I know are going to have a good friday today
When someone tells me "great question" I never hear their answer because I'm too busy congratulating myself for asking such a great question
The difference between a Messiah and a witch is, gender discrimination.
You'll never know if you're immortal or not until you die.
Lets celebrate that you and I didnt kill any babies cuz April 19 is Passover celebrating that God didnt kill certain Egyptian babies despite killing others
Remember boys, flies spread disease...so keep yours closed.
With a little luck I'll be late for my funeral.
My wife is spreading rumors that I'm schizophrenic. Well three can play that game.
In your previous lives do you remember dieing while owing anyone money
When my big toe got stuck underneath a semi tire I yelled to my friends to hurry and call a big tow truck.
On a trip to Dubai I traded my wife for 40 Camels...I usually smoke Marlboros but hey, a deals a deal!
On a trip to Dubai I traded my wife for 40 Camels...I usually smoke Marlboros but a deal's a deal!
That awkward moment when a Zombie is looking for brains and walks right by you!
Pollen...When Flowers can't keep it in their Plants.
How much Wood could a Woodchuck suck if a Woodchuck could suck Wood?
There are 3 things I want to do before I die. The first one is to remember what the 3 things were.
Its funny how school in french is spelt with EC since it has never been that....
I realize this isn't Facebook but I still feel like I should let everyone know that I'm taking a large dump!
If you really want to get her pregnant stop beating around the bush!
I jokingly asked my friend if he was in a Pride Parade earlier; he couldn't give me a straight answer.
We're supposed to be on earth to help others, but what the others are here for I don't know.
I recently bought a Toilet Brush...to make a long story short, I'm going back to Toilet Paper.
Now they want to ban plastic at fast food restaurants...Well that's the last Straw!!!
The early worm gets the bird.
The second Mouse gets the Cheese but the third Mouse gets the body of the first Mouse and the second Mouse if the Cheese was poisoned.
Got gas today for $1.39, unfortunately it was at Taco Bell!
Being unable to walk is really LAME is'nt it
I was washing the car with my son the other day, until he said Dad, cant you just use a sponge?
Romans never found algebra hard because x was always 10
I am FANTASTIC at complimenting myself
There' only 1k in kilo
WIFI is wife's fidelity
I swam with dolphins yesterday and it was fantastic we just clicked!
Slavery would be ok if we called it forced volunteering
Slavery wpuld be ok if we called it forced volunteering
I gave up peeing for lent, come on Easter
It's ok to go out and be a dirty whore. Tomorrow isn't promised
They still don't know what caused the Notre Dame fire but Quasimodo has a hunch.
Lines that shouldnt be crossed are better off being snorted.
life is a sexually transmitted disease
After she answered the Iron Helen Keller was really red in the face!
Helen Keller didn't listen when they told her not to answer the Iron and now she's really red in the face!
You know I love cliffhangers, so you shouldn't be too surprised at how this one-liner is going to
Real gangsters pop a cap in your ass and pop a dick in your ass with dick shaped bullets
I used to work at a house for the blind till they found out it was me that kept leaving the plunger in the toilet
The best thing about having a Penis is sharing it with people who don't.
women and children first, then dirty old men, then regular men... if theres room
I usually enter my Chinese as a second language class by taking the man door in.
My girlfriend is always telling me I'm a hypochondriac, and she's really starting to make me sick.
The only thing I'm worried about the Black Hole is that we have less than 12 years before it sucks us in
I sleep better naked why can't the flight attendant understand that?
Is it rude to talk down to a midget?
Lori Loughlin is hoping the judge will haaaaave mercy
Dont beat your meat
Earl Grey had trouble climbing the hill because it was too steep.
You've got to hand it to blind prostitutes
A cop was talking to my parrot who said aaawk snitches get stitches ouch im hit no you cant bury me alive you got to finish the job
I'd give you the shirt off my back, if I wasn't wearing it.
The problem with arguing with yourself is that you are not sure which side should walk away.
If I knew what I was talking about, I could make more sense.
Mosquitos suck.
Good tiny cock porn is hard to find.
Injured animal jokes are lame.
Why do people eat Tide Pods when there's perfectly good Popcorn on the ceiling?
Did you know michael myers has an off brand wife, michelle mayors.
I dont believe there should be slaves so i fed them all to tigers
Its only rape if she says no and thats why my favorite time for sex is when shes brushing her teeth
Smile even if you dont feel it else they'll give you something to frown about
I live in an animals head
Its only illegal to sex animals before theyre cooked
The Rolling Stones are so old that they should rename themselves to the "Kidney Stones"
I dont worship the devil or even like him but he makes a good point on how useful it is to have an army of demons on your side
Suicide is illegal cuz its killing a tax payer
r/Oneliners hits 50k subs!
Never fight fire with fire, use water.
Guns only defend against people who are nice or stupid enough to tell you they are going to attack you before they do
Why isnt it called death insurance?
I am not even remotely interested in getting up and changing the channel!
I find it hard to believe Rosa Parks stood up for her rights.
Facebook Hack &amp; Account Retrieval (Job First)
I drank from the black water fountain what a nice color to paint it
I got chatting to a lumberjack today who seemed like a decent feller.
An elderly woman at an atm wanted me to help her check her balance so I pushed her over
get 3 buffets for the price of 1 by joining a Human centipede
A dyslexic man walks into a movie theater and asks for some copporn
If someone has Parkinson's Disease, is it ever ok to greet them by asking "what's shakin'?"
Local Shingles looking to be nailed.
The biggest downside to being short is that you can't always tell the difference between strep throat and hemorrhoids.
If a potato grows in enormous size, we can say it beef up. We can move this into the category of non-veg.
Is 2 vegans fighting still called beef? 
The geologist finally had enough and quit--no more Mr. Gneiss Guy.
Im no ghost - Im an unfinished businessman!
I suck at self-deprecation
Never trust a skinny cook.
If I were a cannibal, I'd be so fed up with people!
I gotta go audition to shoot up a music video
Have you ever smelled Moth Balls?
Sorry I cant stay...
These black hole articles just keep sucking me in!
god lit a fire under your ass to get up and do good but nobody put it out
Death comes for everyone because a sympathy card is less enjoyable.
Got dumped by a girl who was visually challenged, she said I was blind to her disability.
Never take a blind date to the movies,,,she wouldn't stop asking questions and her damn dog would not stop barking!
I bet when Cheetahs race and one of them cheats the other one goes "Man, you're such a Cheetah" and they laugh and eat a Zebra or whatever.
There should be a Phish cover band named Ghoti.
I have been called a greaseball, but that is just how I roll.
Condoms are for fucking pussies.
My grandma died falling into a waterhole because she couldn't see that well.
I get on really well with twenty five letters of the alphabet, I don't know Y.
RIP, boiling water; you will be mist
I know picking on short people is such an easy laugh and so commonplace but we need to get over them.
A broken clock is right 3 times a day cuz of a broken calendar
Anyone who can impregnate without going through the pussy (mary) seems to have a 4 dimensional penis
My wife wanted to make a domestic abuse joke, but I beat her to it.
Secondhand coffins are hard to come by.
whose fault a thing is mostly means who you can turn others against
From cavemen to now the eat off the floor any time upgraded to the 5 second rule and one day maybe people wont eat off the floor at all
She talked and talked but never listened so I told her...take the cotton out of your ears and put it in your mouth!
My wife likes to blow so much money, Im going to get a $100 pic tattooed on my penis.
Im a tunnel enthusiast through and through.
You may not be the dumbest person on Earth, but you better hope he doesn't die.
The early bird shits on my porch before he catches the worm!
Humour is best used as an armour for defence, not as a weapon for attack.
Marriage: it has a nice ring to it.
It takes a lot of balls to golf the way I do
After my pet dolphin died, I felt like I didn't have a porpoise anymore.
The B in Cardi B is for Bill Cosby
Human clones aren't very original.
When a Chinese person leaves Asia, are they disorientated?
Some catholic priests believe theres more ways for a child to get to heaven than an adult
I want buns of steel. But I also want buns of cinnamon.
Scrambled eggs should be spelled dcrbmlaes gegs
How come that the word 'short' is actually longer than the word 'long'?
People are constantly asking me if Im good, but I know they mean well.
If it weren't for court dates, I wouldn't have any dates at all.
Depreciating values is a worthless topic.
If at first you don't succeed, it's called attempted murder.
I'm going to live forever, or die trying.
Your honor since people say drugs and alcohol thats why i drove drunk at least i wasnt on drugs so i was clear headed
Shittyideas
Alcohol allegedly isnt a drug so you say drugs and alcohol but you never hear drugs and cigarettes
You cant buy slaves anymore but you can rent them
Doors tell the best knock knock jokes.
I'm seriously thinking about remarrying my ex-wife but I'm pretty sure she'll figure out I'm just after my money.
A Roman walks into a bar, holds up 2 fingers, and gets 5 drinks.
If I had a clothing store it would be called Clothes Minded.
I'm waiting for that new movie 'Constipation' but it hasn't come out yet.
Nobody can ever be 100% Jew... They'll always be Jew-ish.
If you're not supposed to abuse Cough Syrup why does it come with a shot glass?
Erectile Disfunction is your dick being a dick to you.
My lawyer advised me to use a pseudonym when I pray.
I will stop procrastinating later
microscopic predators have attacked Humans for all of history and militaries havent so much as threatened to bioweapon extinct them
Legalize stealing so theres a justification for tax
Minnesota is Somalia with snow
To show you how generous I am, I barely know myself and yet I keep helping myself.
The key to happiness is low expectations...lower...nope, even lower... there you go!
 q b cos (u r) 2 sec (c)
Heres what you need to do: you go down to your local farmacy, then ask for something called **Viagra** and it will help you **Go Fuck Yourself!!!**
I know Im gonna get a lot of shit for this, but mailing feces should be legal
My ex accused me of never listening to her and I haven't heard from her since.
I have doggy style behind her back
I hope my life doesn't flash before my eyes when I die; there's some stuff I'd rather not see again.
The word swims upside down is still swims.
I never said I was gonna take her to Florida! I said I was gonna tamper with her!
Two Blonds walk into a bar
If you drove fast enough, you could truthfully tell the cop that you saw a green light.
I love Tennis and it"s not my fault.
When an old friend said it was good to see me I told him it's better to be seen than viewed.
I love watching #my600lblife while choking om #my6lbpizza and shouting at the TV...Man, you people gotta chew your food!!!
I love watching #my600lblife while eating #my6lbpizza and yell at the TV...Man, you people eat too much!!!
Tough shit if you do not eat enough fiber.
A chiropractor is a hip-pop artist.
I love watching #my600lblife while eating #my6lbpizza.
Viagra now comes in a nasal spray for dickheads.
Ever since I got back into bed, I've been fully recovered.
I find inspiration in cooking my family and my dog.
Statistically bearded men are more likely to cheat on their partners than bearded women.
Steering wheels were a great idea because handlebars dont work too well in a car...
I find inspirations in cooking my family and my dog.
Talk about a bad day; First my ex got run over by a Bus and then I got fired from my job as a Bus driver!
I will only live in an apartment because I have homophobia!
It takes a lot of balls to golf they way I do.
I was floored by my epilepsy test.
Some people should put airpods in their nostrils and just leave them there.
My teacher told me my listening skills are at a first place level!
I could talk a diabetics ear off, I mean, whats another body part, right?
When Michelangelos David has to Pee, he has to Drain the Rock Johnson
I put an alligator in a vest and and now he's an investigator.
It was such fun packing myself into a suitcase, I could hardly contain myself.
Checked out a nudist camp today, but the sign said "Clothed till May".
What's ET short for?
After winning the game I decided to throw the ball into the crowd like they do on TV but apparently that's unacceptable in Bowling.
A clear conscience is a sign of a bad memory.
Everytime you clog a toilet. You exceed someone's expectations
Its clear that all evil villains simply put too much hand lotion on.
Everyone gives flat-earthier grief but theyre just ahead of the curve
Your days are numbered ever since you bought a calendar
the guy who makes gravestones is a stoner
Marilyn Monroe quotes are the disabled parking signs on social media
The difference between a Porsche and a Volkswagen is that I don't own a Porsche.
RIP Nipsey Russell...I thought you were dead already.
Everybody talks about armageddon like it's the end of the world.
I'm too old for Snapchat and too young for Life Alert.
I tried learning classical piano but, all the music was sheet.
A good Catholic School really separates the men from the boys.
Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
I recently joined a nudist colony. The first few days were the hardest.
People say I got my father's eyes, but unless they know where I hid the whole body, they cant prove anything.
I doubt I'll ever get married because I hollered "I love you" and my echo came back as "I only want to be friends."
You'll have to drag me kicking and screaming. There is nothing wrong. That is just the way I like to go.
When my two bald uncles put their heads together they made an ass of themselves.
Research has shown that performing CPR doubles the chances of someone surviving a heart attack than doing nothing at all.
April Fool's prank: Pretend to be a millionaire on dating sites and watch the "NOT LOOKING TO HOOK UP" women come out the woodwork
Sign writers are always getting themselves into sticky situations.
Being married is like having the freedom to do whatever your wife tells you.
Throwing acid is wrong .. in some peoples eyes
After a fist fight broke out amongst my jurors the prosecutor accused me of inciting violence.
If I see one more post about Dyslexia my Brian will buts!
Liquid cheesemaking residue? No whey!
Before Mother Mary was around, some women claimed to have given birth to Jesus but were dismissed by the Church as Prima Donnas.
I'll be fine if I hit the jackpot twice.
Virgins arent a real life form cuz they cant reproduce
I own the worlds worst thesaurus, not only is it awful, its awful.
I own the worlds worst thesaurus. Not only is it awful, its awful.
If you say the unoriginal "I'm pregnant" on April Fools, you gonna get jinxed and get pregnant for real
Golf is a game for the subpar individual
I have a bumper sticker that says 'Honk If You Think I'm Sexy' so I just sit at green lights until I feel better about myself!
Colored people are great but I dont like coloured people
Atheism is a non-prophet organization
Im thinking of reasons to move to Switzerland, and the flag is a big plus.
Everyone keeps telling me Im the worst ninja they've ever seen.
My dog is so friendly it will lick a burglar to death.
TIFU by posting my oneliner on the wrong sub.
The red button on my TV remote is really off-putting.
If you want to stop talking to me, it's OK. I stopped listening to you a long time ago.
My son hates the fact that he never comes first place in anything, but at least he's got a hard of bronze.
Maybe Nanking shsouldn't have dressed like that
I still enjoy sex at 55 and as I live at number 57 it's no distance.
A cat hijacked a plane and told the captain to take him to the canaries.
If you make a rapper mad, he has to write a song about you. I think that's pretty cool.
While I was driving down the road today I saw a sign that read SLOW DEER and I thought to myself, well they should be easy to avoid.
While I was driving down the road today I saw a sign that read SLOW!DEER! and I thought to myself, well they should be easy to avoid.
While I was driving down the road today I saw a sign that read SLOW DEER and I thought to myself, well they should be easy to avoid.
Ive been trying to leave Rome for weeks but all the roads have this weird design flaw...
They all laughed when I said I was going to start a business selling nitrous oxide.
I feel like I'm getting a little older every day!
Masturbation addiction is a viscous cycle
My Medical Book looked so much thinner after it had it's Appendix removed.
I wondered why my Medical Book looked so much thinner until it told me it had it's Appendix removed.
Next time you pass by my house... I'd appreciate it.
People with a prosthetic testicle are shambolic.
Im a narcissist and proud of it!
Ive found an origami porn channel but its paper view only.
New exercise equipment should come with a yard sale sign.
I proposed to my girlfriend the idea that we should not get married
you are mooning the back of your underwear
Last night I had a dream I ate a giant Marshmallow and when I woke up my pillow was gone.
I was hanging out with my penis euphemisms earlier.
Life in the fast lane is pretty fun....
My Doctor told me to stop drinking and it's gonna be a big change for me because I've been with that Doctor for 25 years.
I was gonna tell a joke about a broken boomerang but I can't remember it, hopefully it comes back to me.
I used to think the brain was the most important organ, but then I thought, look whats telling me that.
If a robber broke into a freelancer's house all he'd find is a wallet full of exposure.
If life is like a book, then it contains a lot of sheet
Im going to start making beer out of rabbits because they have the best hops.
Why do you keep insisting we have met before?
In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Iron Man was the first Fe-Male to get a movie.
Hitler did the right thing at least 1% of the time
I've been clean for 20 years today
A girl is trying to make it in the porn industry, all she wants to do is succeed.
The Flat-Earther was a hypocrite because all he did was talk in circles.
Watching pornstars do a dance on Snapchat without buying their premium is like trying to watch porn on TV before the internet.
I wondered why the guy next to me was sitting in the Urinal, then he told me he had Diarrhea.
I wondered why the guy next to me was sitting in the Urinal and he told me he had Diarrhea.
I don't  any japanese characters.
Growing up I always wanted to be a comedian, now I'm a custodian, Turns out I'm also dyslexic.
When your workplace gets robbed, they always tell you to give the robber the money cause it's insured and your life isn't. I think that's bullshit, I pay $20 a month for life insurance.
I liked post-malones earlier stuff
I got fired from my job as a baker... Guess I'll have to find another way to make dough.
Mentos should print little messages on their mints like "You're awesome" and "Looking good" and call them Complimentos.
Guys, if having a dad bod is in, does that mean that you're more attractive if you have a father figure?
I loved others as I love myself and got slapped for groping.
I only jaywalk in hopes that a truck-chan notices me and bangs me
one day criminals will get better doctors than the rich so for-profit prisons can get paid for 1000 years of suffering
The road to hell is paved with good intentions and so is the road to heaven so theres a road between heaven and hell
Teach a man with Alzheimer's to fish, and he'll eat for a day.
I just got in touch with my inner self... that's the last time I buy cheap toilet paper.
How did the guy who invented the clock know at which time to set it?
If a man is straight for another man he isnt
I bought a resistance band for exercise and am already having trouble with the drummer
There's something rotten in Chicago and I can Smollett from here!
To all the people out there suffering with paranoia just remember, you're not alone.
Drinking poison, now thats to die for
Cleaning mirrors is a job I can see myself do.
All bags are airbags until you put something in them.
I created a new word: Plagiarism
War isnt about whos right, its about whos left.
They really make you bend over backwards to play limbo.
My mom watches "The View" view in her nightie; "The View" is horrible.
The nurse said my doctor wasn't available to discuss my prognosis because he was suffering from depression.
If life gives you melons, youre probably dyslexic.
One liner
I would say a joke about planes, but it would go straight over ur head
racist against all races equally
You're a racist if you think mexicans are great and everyone else is supergreat.
I trying to put together a group of investors as I want to create a club where alpha males can connect.
The same thing is less rude when you have more money
Nobody can tell if a baby is a hostage when a woman at gunpoint refuses to give it up
As a guy in his 40s, when I hear my roommate having sex, I simply ask my wife to keep it down.
Regardless of price, Velcro is always a rip off
The more people who think I'm retarded the more retarded I think the rest of the world is for thinking that so I'm that much smarter
Apparently I snore so loud that it scares everyone in the car Im driving in
Murphy's Law: You wait and wait, but the minute you use the stethoscope to listen to your balls, the doctor walks in.
Some women say the way to a man's heart is through his stomach, but I say those women are aiming just a little too high.
Did you know that the pool on the Titanic is still filled with water?
I'm fuller than a tick on a tampon!
Did you hear about that cannibal stranded on a desert island? He was full of himself.
I was conceived on a pull out couch because my dad couldn't follow directions either.
" A Pimple is worth a thousand Warts "
They were running low on spots for the PIT maneuver competition, but they said they could pin me in
They say playboy bunnies are all girls, why aren't there any boys when its called playboys?
A nurse finds a rectal thermometer in her purse and thinks to herself some asshole has my pen
Do racist chickens join the Coop Clucks Clan?
I used to think Monday is the worst day of the week then i got married.
A Bird in the hand is worth two DAMMIT it just shit in my hand!
Wanted to get away from the wife so I robbed a Bank hoping for some time in Prison but the damn judge sentenced me to house arrest!
Who decided to call it a pearl necklace and not a chestnut?
public nudity is illegal cuz some people cant control themselves when they see it, not cuz the nude people cant control themselves
Take your pet to school day is fun and all until someone brings a Desert Eagle
I get a kick out of riding horses.
A dildo is the sex toy most likely to be referenced in a hobbit rap battle
I lived in a flat with three girls until they found out.
I read that the first sign of AIDS is a severe pounding in the Rectum.
My Doctor told me that the first sign of AIDS is a severe pounding in the Rectum.
Constipated people are full of shit
Evolve a long hairy tail to swat flies away from your ass instead of cleaning it
If I were a music note, I'd be a B#.
y = mx + c
Mixed metaphors are the bee's bollocks.
I hate those people who bang on your door and tell you how you need to be "saved" or you'll "burn". Stupid firemen
If youre depressed and called Morgan, spend the first half of the day in Germany for some positive affirmation.
Bolsonaro, Trump and May walk into a cantina...
Painting objects in a landscape is a good way of putting things into perspective.
Making art is a good way of putting things into perspective.
Smokers suck.
Sticks and stones can break your bones but the n word hurts pussies
Got a ticket for going the wrong way down a one-way street but I told the officer I was only going one way!
If you think today was sad, just wait...tomorrow is a Sadder Day.
Technological advances like universal remote controls change everything.
I asked this girl to come over for some Pizza and some sex...
Broke people be like... Yeah cocaine is great and all but have you ever heard of meth
I tried to wait several hours for the premature ejaculators conference, because I came too soon.
Homeless people are just sign spinners that do freelance work
Unabomber Knievel tried to jump 50 scientists with a steamroller
I like my newswomen to wear makeup while they make up the news
I bought a three-way ticket to the capital of South Africa
Constipation can be a real pain in the ass...
On average, every person is the same age.
My idea of a seven-course meal is a pizza and a six-pack of beer.
The friends I like to eat with are my tastebuds.
A dyslexic walks into a bra
Or is it a r/dadjokes ?
In the Business world, nepotism is always your best friend
It said there was a 100% chance of rain on my iphone which made me wonder why they were singling me out!
If money is the root of all evil I'm good.
Heres a picture of me with R.E.M. Thats me in the corner.
Only light waves have color, so scientifically black is not a color, so they're not colored people
I CUP
We live in a society that is obsessed with itselfiesarethebestthingintheworld!
I will always make assumptions about my future self.
The facts about tentative nudists are slowly revealing themselves.
I will always make assumptions of my future self.
Justice is a dish best served cold because if it were served warm, it would be justwater.
My friends laughed at me when I told them I had a hot date and they said she was imaginary but the jokes on them, theyre imaginary too.
I hope I die peacefully in my sleep like my grandpa and not screaming like the passengers in his car.
Obesity kills way more people than gun violence yet there's still no march to end it which ironically would literally help to end it.
You have 2 feet in your shoes but a measurment can be 2 foots since those are different words and theres no need to screw up the plural of both
You'd better keep your mouth shut when the shit hits the fan.
It takes guts to be an organ donor
Guy with a 2 foot dick went to jail for sex with a minor inside an adult
An important Mennonite task is called Amish-un
Love is like a fart, if you have to force it its probably shit.
Love is like a fart. If you have to force it its probably shit.
Slow-cooking is delaying the inedible.
I can go from 'Not afraid of the past #proud' to 'What the hell was I thinking back then?!' just by looking at my Facebook Memories
What is it about being blind, that makes you want to walk the dog all the time?
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them.
Going to church doesnt make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car
(Saluting my girl immediately after sex) Thank you for your cervix.
I wouldn't be caught dead dating a necrophiliac.
People who misuse the word "literally" are figuratively Hitler.
The world can only be non-violent, one part at a time; that's why it's called peace (piece).
Strong winds on a warm day fucking blow.
If a goat is in fact a GOAT, it will still be called a goat
The term hijack derives from someone on board recognising the offender.
I told the customer he had to first pay off some of his existing loans before we could sell him another car, but he said he couldn't wait that long.
Stop vandalism otherwise we'll break the shopping windows
Whenever I think of the past, it always brings up so many memories.
I used to be a circumciser but I missed and got the sack.
All sex between 2 homosapiens is homo sex
I have the golden touch when it comes to things like that one time I got to touch some gold
The shovel was a truly groundbreaking invention
If you'd like to join the Pedant Society, please sign JUST ABOVE the dotted line!
I've often wondered, where did house spiders live in prehistoric times?
Ive been having an uninterrupted string of far from death experiences my whole life.
I missed my wife at the airport, but I still have 2 shots left.
I find it funny that with cell phone camera technology, there aren't more pictures/videos of UFOs
nothing gets me harder than some fresh cracked pepper
Farmers dont give a shit but they do buy and sell it
Sentient Digital data(us)
A blind man walks into a bar.
Shower thought one liners are a thing
I almost never use the word, 'perfect' but in this sentence I have to.
I can't believe my luck, I just bought this 1972 Vauxhall Viscount for $100 and it even came with a free can of gas and a box of matches.
I hate cold toilet seats, so my friend suggested I use a hair-dryer. I still suffer from the cold, but now my hair looks amazing.
Being a kamikaze pilot is to die for
My mom tried to raise my dog to help on the farm, it didn't work.
I did nothing wrong, and I promise never to do it again.
My time machine only operated in 500 year increments, but it was pretty useless because when I got there I couldn't understand English.
Yes sir, it fits like a glove, but I actually ordered a shirt.
Am I allowed to ask questions?
Some Alligators can grow up to 15 feet but most only have 4...
When you come to a fork in the road pick it up.
I hired my wife to work for me, then I got fired for sexual harassment
I hated your autobiography, but it's nothing personal.
My quality of life is 240p.
When you sex 1 borg you are sexing all the borg
Body shaming is an unbareable problem.
I Went to sleep in my twin-size bed, but wondered where my brother was.
One way to stop repeat offenders is by not electing them in the first place.
A doe walks out of a bar and says I cant believe I just blew thirty bucks.
Yo mamma so fat, she wears Orions Belt.
My war joke tanked.
Why is everyone messaging me with "Pie are squared" today when anyone can see pie are round?
Im not racist but I disagree on who is an animal vs Human
English puns make me feel numb, but math puns make me feel number.
No matter how far you push the envelope, it's still stationary.
The primary function of an airplane propeller is to keep the pilot cool because if it stops he immediately starts sweating.
They say carrots are good for your eyes, but all I did was lose one
Youre really pushing the envelope when youre mailing it in like that.
When it comes to double negatives, don't trust no one.
I don't trust my chauffeur, I think he's trying to take me for a ride.
Never take advice from a man who has more toes than teeth.
I gave up masturbation for a while, but then I thought, On the other hand...
I can never remember what chloroform smells like.
A vegan cannibal is also known as a cantibal.
Sometimes I'm evil just for the hell of it.
When a pornstar doesn't act slutty on her Snapchat.... Unsubscribed
Someone stole the Batmobile and now Batman can't call anyone!
Some people say that firefighters deserve more money, but apparently a poll was taken and they all fell through a hole in the floor.
Electricians have to strip to make ends meet
Satan is one hell of a guy.
Just because men are superior, doesn't mean black people deserve rights.
Sean Connery only asked a woman to sit on his face once.
Sean Connery only told a girl to sit on his face once...
A man with 5 penises walks into the Dr's office. Dr says "whoa, how do your pants fit?" Man says "like a glove".
Logorithmic jokes grow on you but not very quickly.
I'm starting to think the Miss Universe pageant is rigged because all the winners are from Earth.
So I made unprotected love to a lady ghost. She had an abortion.
When everything comes your way, you're driving in the wrong lane.
My doctor just told me I'm a compulsive liar. Then we had sex in her office.
What CPAP machines do is breath taking
Orian's Belt is really a waist of space
Gender Studies is when you grab em by the pussy and if they have a dick you say, sorry maam.
I can't believe there are so many songs about love but only one where someone welcomes someone else to a jungle.
My grandpa was good at history because he was there for most of it.
The future aint what it used to be.
My girlfriend wasn't that impressed with my huge pickle but to me it's kind of a big dill!
My family wasn't that impressed with my huge pickle but to me it's kind of a big dill!
I tried to look up lighters on ebay and all they had was 13 749 matches.
You know you're getting old when on a Friday night you're listening to the police scanner instead of being on it.
You know you're getting old when you're watching a porn movie and think, "Damn, that bed looks comfortable."
Do magazines really have to add "Alive" to "Sexiest Woman", or am I just grossly underestimating the number of necrophiliacs in the world?
We hired Stiffy the Clown for my Grandma because he puts the 'fun' back in Funeral...
To whoever stole my antidepressants, I hope you're happy.
A people pleaser died, people weren't sure whether they should be pleased about it or not
I would tell you an antimatter joke ,but it doesn't matter.
I wonder if the guy who coined the phrase 'One Hit Wonder' coined any other phrases.
jesus came back cuz he hadnt used the bathroom in 2000+ years
I didnt really like my facial hair, but now it grows on me.
I called my dog "Hope" because it will be gone after 12 years.
A warning to the person who stole my glasses, I have contacts.
The Dalai Lama go to Vegas so often because he loves Tibet.
If you think seven years bad luck for breaking a mirror is bad, try breaking a condom.
Intelligent people are more likely to talk to themselves. At least, thats what I tell myself.
Why do people think you are an employee just because you're in a butcher shop, and you carry a big knife and have blood all over your shirt?
Becoming transsexual takes balls
Global warming isnt cool.
I hate sitting in traffic, because I always get run over.
What did the old man say after his inevitable demise?
Migration is unsettling.
Are late Special Ed students tardy?
Be very careful when giving a cannibal a hand.
The scuba diver used his ass as an extra air tank he enemaed pure oxygen into and burped it up into his mouth before breathing
I was feeling very lonely so I bought some shares and now, its nice to have a bit of company.
With great reflexes, comes great response ability.
My friend is making a lot of money by selling photos of salmon dressed up in human clothes, like shooting fish in apparel.
When my friend said I knew nothing about Asia, I ran out of there like a bull in a japan shop.
My excrement won't leave me be, but I haven't told my current crement.
Capitalist greed for efficiency is stronger than prejudice and Human rights
Come out of the voting closet and admit what you did
Hiroshima Nagasaki sounds like an authentic Japanese name.
What's on my mind? Murder. But let's talk about you.
Once I was sure I was only talking to myself, I found I could let my guard down.
Today is International Women's Day. It was supposed to be yesterday but they took longer than expected to get ready
Next year, I will see myself in hindsight.
Colon cancer is the #2 most common cause of cancer death
I used to wake up at the crack of Dawn, but then she left me.
I used to be a banker,
The best example of "united is strength" is the fact that a single dollar cannot do much, but a BILLION single dollar together can buy whatever the crap I want
Message my wife during business trip: "Had a really amazing night, I wish you were her!" "Here, I meant HERE!"
There are a lot of unexpected things been said, for instance, you would have expected me to give a example here.
I'm giving up the grass and going straight hedge.
The winner of the annual office Minesweeper competition has been fired after accepting the prize
Skin Irritation is just visible confusion.
It's easy to extinguish who knows what words to use and who doesn't.
Sign language interpreters would make good magicians.
My uncle is so anti-government that he just paid the government extra money for a personalized license plate reading ANTIGOV.
Im in a metal band called 667-The Neighbor Of The Beast.
I steal most of my onliners from the internet.
The first time I bought a universal remote control, i thought to myself, "Now this changes everything!"
Ill have a hot dog. Tom said frankly
A skeleton walks into a bar and asks for a beer and a mop
I recently cut ties with my destructive tailor.
Sex addicts put the cum in compilation.
So many girls have tramp-stamps that I'm starting to think the girls that don't have them are the real freaks
Your butt is a pump that can have another pump double pumping it
The toilets at my work are so small, even my dick touches the bowl.
I've been asked to lead the singing at Keith from the Prodigy's funeral
Usually the first time you stick your dick in a coffin your body goes with it
A clock is the machine to do time for your crime
Some kinds of tv you just cant mix like a reality gangster show
I had to call in sick after dreaming all night about working real hard.
My cat's name is Mittens but I should have known better than to name my dog Curiosity.
So, a seal walks into a club.
There are 27 bones in the human hand. 28, if you're lonely.
Im certain that Im not 100% sure about anything.
If the entire human population held hands around the equator a significant portion of them would drown.
When my girlfriend said she identified as a carpet I shagged her.
The rotation of the earth really makes my day.
I used to make terrible apocalypse puns, but armageddon better at it.
Please understand that I'm not referring to you as refrigerated poultry when I say I'm going to quit cold turkey.
You think you've posted a cracking joke, only to realize later that autocorrect has made you look like an idiom.
With my luck, if I decide to rob a bank I'll have to wait in line.
What do you call a joke without a punchline?
Momo is like the working ice cream machine at McDonald's...You've heard about it but you've never actually seen it.
Momo joke
My wife likes to say that shes fucking excited about something but when it comes to fucking, shes not excited about it.
The time travelling homophobe got a sex change so she could go back in time to have straight sex with himself.
9 out of 10 people like gang rape.
My dad used to be really good at russian roulette.
_
___________ is a line Shakespeare probably knew in his life.
I warned Helen Keller about that piano above her, but I think it fell on deaf ears.
Breaking a leg during an audition...
As a lumberjack, I know that Ive cut exactly 2,417 trees and I have the logs to prove it.
I think from now on I'm going to refer to next year as "heindsight."
These days I get push around a lot, even when I am alone.
I sold my soul to myself
I was going to take a shortcut past Malawi, but in the end I went Lilongwe.
Donald Trump is not a fruit, but surely he's a wallnut.
If that wall isn't built juan day they will be driving across the border in carlos!
I have pre-traumatic stress disorder
This is my best one-liner:
March the 4th be with you.
I survey houses for a living, although the owners tend to call it "breaking in".
-
Having God on your side won't do you much good if you're on the wrong side of history
The saying, say no to drugs has always made me laugh, because if youre talking to drugs, its probably too late to say no to them.
I saw a police officer wearing a pilots uniform and thought it was a bit odd, but then I realized, he was one of those plane clothes cops.
I hate autocorrect because it always makes me say things I didnt Nintendo.
If I had a DeLorean, Id probably only drive it from time to time.
A rock is an atheist, doesnt believe in god cuz it doesnt believe anything
Shame on you for wanting to be proud of yourself!
Ive only made one good one liners post:
Rich guys be like.... Hookers &gt;&gt;&gt; Stable Relationships
___________________________
Sometimes I wonder how much white-out the Department of Corrections uses.
Jesus was bored to death.
The punishment for dwarf thieves is criminally short.
Putting avocados over your eyes can give you guacoma.
My Scrabble rack is O-B-O-I-V-U-S but I can't work out what to play.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with but I've been tripping all day.
If the Goose-step was such a great way of marching, why is it that no other animal apart from the goose has taken it up over all these millions of years?
It's only when you look really closely through a magnifying glass that you notice how often ants burst into flames
Youre not a virgin after you do 1 slow stroke inside your mom at birth
Some people call us half brothers but its really 3/4 brothers cuz theres some incest in our family tree
Dont think youre better than someone before you meet them then they probably give you all the reason you need
The sewage in Paris often ended up in Seine.
My fridge was empty for days so I ate parts of my body from the inside as I gradually got thinner
Denial is not just a river in Egypt.
The flustered cannibal threw up his arms
My wife told me to embrace my mistakes so I hugged her.
I drew this picture of my Albino friend &gt;
My friend said what rhymes with orange and I said no it doesnt
Flat earthers are going to be so happy when it's the end of the world.
You disappoint someone this a simple one-liner:
Ive never seen a juice box, but I hear they pack a punch.
Being woke makes me want to sleep all the time.
Those of you who think they know everything are annoying those of us who do.
A person who hangs around with musicians is called a drummer.
Is there anyone that does not think the idea of a "Theater of the Absurd" is an absurd idea?
I've done all I can to stop making myself sound diligent.
I joined the Church of Cheeses
Some make it happen, some watch it happen, some wonder what the hell just happened.
Don't ever wear jewelry worth more than your head.
If online bullying has taught us anything It's that some kids would rather kill themselves than lose a bit of weight.
I got discouraged and quit my astronomy class on the first day when my teacher asked why I wanted to come take up space.
They're called "assholes" because of their shitty behavior
underrated comment
If I didn't pretend to have a sense of direction I'd know I was lost
In a recent survey, when asked which shampoo brand they prefer, 9 in 10 women said, "How did you get into my house?!"
The suicidal cow lived and sued the slaughterhouse for malpractice
My penis made it into the Guinness book of world records. But the librarian told me to take it out
It's starting to look suspicious - another world's oldest person has died.
I could have been more famous, if only my work had been more widely known.
My wife and I were happy for 20 years, then we met
For years I've been obsessed with eating 10 notes, but now I'm hungry for change.
Dear librarian, have you any books on how to stop sounding pompous?
Shop assistants hate it when you ask them if they have any gluten-free gluten.
I don't like furniture ads...they're just shameless shelf-promotion.
If someone who cycles is called a cyclist, does that make someone in a race, a racist?
I'm worried something might be wrong with my testicles because one seems bigger than the others.
You don't need to vaccinate your kids, only the ones you want to keep.
This girl I was dating said that she wanted a once in a lifetime experience, so I murdered her.
I think it's fair when you have your own ferris wheel.
The difference between first shift and third shift is night and day.
If I tell you my wish it wont come true cuz self deception is so much harder that way
I got dangerously loaded on ACID and thought, it should be illegal to be this high.
The right man in the wrong place might eat all them cookies,
Definition, slut: has been rogered more times than a copper's walkie talkie.
A termite walks into a bar and says, "Is the bartender here?"
The ships on the Cruise Line will be called I Want The Truth! Show Me The Money! and I Feel The Need...The Need For Speed!
I'm a bit of a man for the ladies regardless of how well the gents is signposted.
If I had a choice between ending world hunger or watching a mountain lion perform a guitar solo, everybody would eat but I'd regret it forever.
People seem to like the Chinese flag. Its got five stars.
If some asks me when the rain will stop falling, I just tell them: "When it hits the ground".
If you read my autobiography from back to front it's about a guy that hasn't sold a single copy of his book.
Taxi drivers think they own the road, but really the road owns them.
Personal training's a saturated market.
Is it my imagination, or was music better when ugly people were allowed to make it?
Appreciate geology puns and dont take the earth for granite
My friend says my jokes dont make any sense and that the punch lines are always too obscure, which is quite funny really because his uncle used to grow his own onions
I! WAS! JUST! DIAGNOSED! with bipolar disorder.
When the blackjack tables get busy, it's an all decks on hand situation.
Im pre-op, nohomo I just need some surgery
To be or not to be is the suicidal question
aids ribbons hurt aids'es feelings you want to wipe it out
If you get a new job before you quit your old one, it's considered responsible, but if you do that with your girlfriend, it's called "cheating."
For some, making friends is the hardest part of school; for others, it just cliques.
If life gives you melons, you might be dyslexic.
The British woman who fell off the cruise ship has been named as Eileen Dover.
Mould isn't just important, it's a must.
Trampolines are just homeless olines.
My pirate costume cost me a hand and a leg, and an eye.
Did you guys hear the one about the deaf guy?
Original Sin requires god to think all blacks are sinners
BREAKING NEWS: Pokemon Go player arrested for possession of CP.
Well, to be frank i'd have to change my name.
Salmon swim upstream because downstream is too mainstream.
Helium doesn't make your voice anywhere near as high as shelium.
When they put up the dam, the river started acting weird.
At this point, insulting PETA is just beating a dead horse.
If White privilege isn't real, then someone please explain why cocaine has been white for so long
My boss asked me if I knew what plagarism was. I said Yep, copy that.
Hooters, but instead of skimpy outfits, they have good food
I know anagrams of "meth" but I don't tell anybody them.
Did you hear about the astronauts that got stuck on their honeymoon?
Your #mcm goes down on his girl all night and then goes to work in the morning without washing his face
Be sure to pay your exorcist or you may get repossesed
What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball? Chocking sound
Queen Elizabeth I did everything by male order.
I love complexity, but always wish it were more simple.
I'm excited because I got removed as a source for a paper!
My alliteration teacher threw this toxic temper tantrum today, the twat.
I don't actively support vegans, because I don't have a steak in their success.
Bohemian Papsmear
Climate change is now cooking on gas.
If Coca Cola really cared about the obesity problem, they'd put cocaine back in their recipe.
A mans face is his autobiography. A womans face is her work of fiction.
The fisherman was upset when the fish got away because it was a net loss.
I always end up becoming the butt of my poo jokes, but I remain undeterred.
Ever since my wife said I could masturbate in the attic, my sex drive has gone through the roof.
I never buy any camouflage clothes because if I can find them in the store, then they obviously dont work.
The hardest part at being a male figure-skater is telling your parents youre gay.
I'm here eating dinner with my wife and it's really awkward because I stole the "H" from the "Hollywood" sign, and now it's like there's a massive LA font in the room.
Imagine some hot stranger calling you a snack and the whole time you didn't know they're a cannibal
My doc advised me to wash my pupils, but it's not like eye care.
All those bitter abortion victims really just need to live a little.
Our Mind Automatically Translates WTF But Not LOL
I used to have an inferiority complex, but my shrink said I was too inferior to be complex.
Steve Irwin wouldnt want us to attack PETA, after all, we're meant to be kind to animals
Im not sure if Im 100% certain about anything.
On a scale of 1 - McDonalds, how much are you lovin it?
Donald Trump is a successful investor in the laughing stock market.
The secret to eating Swiss cheese is to eat around the holes...
A Rolex slept with my wife, so I clocked him.
Robert Kraft had a problem with NFL players taking a knee but had no problem with prostitutes taking a knee
I bought camouflage seat covers so it looks like Im doing squats when I drive.
What's so civil about a civil war?
I eschew fancy words.
Receiving oral sex from an ugly person is like rock climbing.
I used to be afraid of hurdles, but then I got over it
My mom had trouble giving birth to me because I was an overweight baby...
Listen, I like being first in line as much as the next guy.
Snitching is framing someone for a crime they did commit
my new Dutch girlfriend told me she's bilingual. I was SO disappointed when I found out what that meant!
this sedentary lifestyle is just not working out
Buddhist gynecologists know how to touch the Chi spot
Anal is for assholes.
I've just discovered I'm ambidextrous, but only on my left side.
I would bend over backwards to be with a gymnast
I walked into a pub with my wife, the Landlord said, would you like a beer for your wife? I said: that sounds like a fair swap
Jussie should have his charges dismissed only if he sweeps the floor and cleans the bathroom of Trump as long as Trump is alive
A Freudian slip is when you meant to say one thing but you ended up saying a mother
Old MacDonald was dyslexic IEIEO.
Zebra: 25 sizes bigger than an A bra.
Roses are red, Violets are blue, I'm a schizophrenic, and so am I.
If money doesn't grow on trees, why do banks have branches?
I couldnt do it means the same as I didnt do it cuz the laws of physics leave no room for choice
Cincinnati potholes will ash your cigarette for you.
Jussie is a friend-yeah I know he's been a good friend of mine-but lately something's changed that ain't hard to define Jussie hired two Nigerians And he's gonna do some time!
Every man has multiple personality disorder between his brain and his dick
You can't judge a dog by his collar.
I used to be into S&amp;M, bestiality, and necrophilia - until I realized I was just beating a dead horse.
I got a job playing the triangle in a reggae band and ting
Ive been really getting into that show Empire, because the ACTING is so UNBELIEVABLE!
Be careful who you pretend to be, you might forget who you are.
I had a Jewish girl approach me and ask for my number and i told her we use names around here.
Even bad behavior is better than no behavior.
One should always behave, even if it's bad.
The number of atheists in our society is unbelievable!
My future girlfriend is ghosting me and it really hurts.
Tyra banks. She also shops, drives, and sleeps.
I was invited to a nudist wedding last winter, but the bride got cold feet.
Morticians have to be careful to spell the name right to avoid making a grave mistake.
I thought becoming a real estate agent would be easy, but I had a lot to learn.
Antelope is opposed to jogging.
We have a giant squid to catch, so let's get kraken!
I ate four cans of alphabet soup and just had the biggest vowel movement ever.
You put the fun in disfunctional
Went to the Jeans factory today... it was riveting!
So this guy with premature ejaculation comes out of nowhere
Buddhists believe we are all part of god so its ok for god to help you run faster in a football game but christians believe we are separate from god so they would be cheating
Any day can be your wedding day, if you just lower your standards enough.
Why isnt a toilet called a 'stool-stool'?
The standing army is not what it seems!
Mundane clowns must be bored silly.
You rarely hear someone say "I took the liberty of..." cuz when someone takes your freedom they rarely admit it
Computers babysit obsolete Humans in cubicles
The cold virus has been all over everyone's naked body at some time
If 1 in 1000 guns is used in a murder then if you touch a few thousand guns you're likely to get the death penalty
This book about blader infections is so funny I peed myself!
My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance. Well see about that
My doctor told me to remain calm while he was going to get a second opinion on my blood pressure.
The best way to avoid getting a ticket for not wearing seatbelts is wear black suspenders.
Whats the difference between a duck?
If you are going to be an AH, better be your own.
It really makes me angry when people accuse me of being hostile.
I slowly drank a 5 hour energy over the course of 5 hours, just to keep a constant energy
Sundials
A woodpecker just called me paranoid in Morse code
I put the 'sexy' in dyslexia
when people bust into area 51 they found old boxes of equipment not knowing the aliens were moved to area 52
So this guy with premature ejaculation comes out of nowhere
Imagine the confusion when Slash has to give someone his web address.
My proctologist was recently fired from his job - he was just going through the motions.
You know a person is tireless when he can say indefatigable, without getting tired
I gave up on writing my autobiography when my wife asked me who it was about.
Dyslexia spelled backwards is Dyslexia
I tried having money but didnt like it so I spent it all
When we realize we are all part of the master race we can get back to the business of Humans vs Monkeys
The more lottery tickets you buy the more chance of winning so eventually there will be a 101% chance of winning
I bought insurance against racism then filed a claim against the insurance company for charging me more than whitey
If she goes from LMFAOOOO to lol, she's cheating on you
I need my glasses the most when I am looking for them
On a scale of 1 to 10, how much do you hate people that have a rating system for everything?
I'm sorry but I'm just not the apologetic type.
If your biggest fear is public speaking, would you rather be the corpse than the one doing the eulogy?
After an experiment to see how much a woman can spend, scientists declared bankruptcy.
The threat of decapitation must be faced head on.
I thought I was drowning in Coca-Cola, but it was only a Fanta sea!
USA censors the Internet the same way police censor drugs
I'm being stalked... someone keeps sending me flowers with the heads cut off.
Irregardless of what others think, misused words are annoying.
After many years of trying to find steady work, I finally got a job as a historian until I realized there was no future in it.
I found being an electrician interesting, but the work was shocking.
Im aspirin to be a chemist.
I love being a maze designer. I get completely lost in my work.
Hard work pays off in the future, laziness pays off now.
To neutralize a negative man is a positive change
Im so old, the last time I used Tinder, it caught fire.
I'll never forget the day my doctor told me I have Alzheimer's.
The Internet is a weapon of mass distraction.
The ultimate curse is when all your Facebook messages are game invites.
The most recent thing just happened
I barely had sex last year, which beats having it with a condom.
Never play Jenga with hip-hop dancers because they always break it down.
To err is human, but to err err is to stammer not persevere
If we keep using the BLANKgate style of naming scandals, I get the feeling that one involving SpaceX would stretch on for a long time.
Killing myself would be the last thing I ever do.
According to a study, the average millennial has sex twice a week, or more, if theyre struggling to pay the rent they owe me.
I just heard a woodpecker call me a paranoid twat, in Morse Code.
Im so uninteresting that if my life flashed before my eyes Id be bored to death.
You'll always find it in the last place you look.
I offered my wife a pear but she wanted just the one.
Worried about my laptop overheating so I turned off the firewall.
Ive stayed up all night trying to remember if I have amnesia or insomnia.
Death by orgasm is going by coming
I bought my wife a matching bag and belt for Valentines Day. One way or another shes fixing the vacuum.
Saw some construction workers installing an 8' x 10' window. Glad i dont have that job, it looked like a real big pane.
You know whats worse than your girlfriend cheating on you with your dad? Cheating on your girlfriend with your dad.
I tried to lookup "impotence" on the internet, but nothing came up.
Impotence
Those of you who think you know everything are annoying those of us who do.
A cop just knocked on my door and told me that my dogs were chasing people on bikes. My dogs don't even own bikes...
They say you're beating a dead horse, I say im beating my dead wife
My wife got mad just because I hoovered up her contact lenses; well, I guess she WAS wearing them at the time.
A midget panhandler held out a cup... Can you help me out, I'm a little short.
I send nudes to my wife to speed up the divorce proceedings.
The wife and I had a 69 last night, a taste of things to come.
Time is relative. It asks when will I get married.
If you say "semantic satiation" enough times, it becomes a meaningless sound.
Photographers always make me smile
I'm in full support of the anti-vaxx movement..
SKY NEWS "Poacher eaten by lion in Africa" Won't be getting much Simba-thy from me. 
jesus is the only savior who can use his hand as a whistle --sam kinison
If history repeats itself I'm SO getting a dinosaur
cannibals love to eat baby food
As reparations for slavery, here is your very own slave
Ever since learned about the Baader-Meinhof Phenomenon, I see it everywhere.
I started seeing a psycho-therapist, but he kept killing people, so now I see a regular therapist.
The average dwarf height is 3ft. Thats a little gnome fact.
I really enjoying having a pale stomach, but now I'm trying to abstain.
Accidents crappen
Photographers are very mean. First they frame you, then they shoot you, then hang you on the wall.
Making one-liners about crippled people is lame.
I had to give up my career as a photographer. I kept losing focus.
Winter tip: don't make snow angels in dog parks.
Here's to unnecessary toasts...
I would love to be an influencer, but Ive only got great ideas and an ok ass, instead of the other way around.
When Paprika was born on Blue's Clues, her mother was told to push it... PUSH IT REAL GOOD!
I called my kids Lager and Guinness and my wife's bitter.
Dolly Parton is 73, and I would smash harder than she first smashed the ballot when she was finally allowed to vote
Is Sicko Mode contagious?
Women are like cars, cause I never had any and I don't think it's safe for the environnement, even more the electric ones. We need to learn share our women or we're going to face a ecological nightmare. Wakee up !
I need to buy a longer dipstick for my car, mine doesn't reach the oil anymore.
I BELIEVE IN CAPITALism, BUT WHAT DOES THAT HAVE TO DO WITH MONEY?
I was named after my father, obviously, seeing as he was born before me.
I just asked my 7 year old son 150 questions while he played Minecraft, payback for the last movie we watched together.
Raising children is easy, just keep the boys away from the blue lights and girls from the red lights.
Call the police and tell them a woman stole sex from you by acting horny during an expensive date then suddenly becoming not horny
Music once created belongs to everyone but the musician steals it away from us and demands we pay to get our own property back
If a tree falls and hits a mime in the woods, and no one is around to hear it, does the mime make a sound?
If you have issues with stealing things all the time, take Klepto-Bismall.
It was so windy yesterday that I got a blowjob just from walking outside.
...putting the laughter back into manslaughter.
If I kill someone from the Isle of Man, does that make it Manslaughter?
If your boomerang doesn't return to you it was probably a stick.
Will the people in the yodelling club please form an orderly orderly orderly orderly.
If porn was bad, why would there be so many nuns in it?
I just heard a Comcast ad where the selling point was "we have Netflix and YouTube"
When it comes to figuring out how hungry I am, I just listen to my gut.
These snakes can't even scale.
If you lend someone 25 and never see them again, it was probably worth it.
Christians believe Jesus is gods gift to women... and men
Every time I ask someone what the acronym LGBTQ stands for, I can never get a straight answer.
My wifes leaving me because she thinks Im obsessed with astronomy, but seriously, what planet is she on?
I just spotted an albino Dalmatian, I mean, it was the least I could do.
Autocorrect makes me say things I didn't nintendo.
I don't understand metaphors very well. Sometimes I'm so far off base, I have to swim to shore.
I've struggled with direct objects ever since the whom.
At using Microsoft Office, I excel.
The temperature went from 70 to 30 like it saw a state trooper.
There's a high demand for drugs.
I'm bias against favouritism.
I'll be more specific one of these days.
I was going to make a gay joke, buttfuck it.
After my recent behavior I need to take a long look in the mirror and make sure that cop isnt still following me.
When aliens gave us aids-free zones, i wish i hadnt eaten the burger with free aids
Paedophiles are fucking immature assholes
Auto-correct has become my worst enema.
I've apparently reached the age where fucking is now only an adjective.
Ibu Profen makes the best jamu for headaches.
If pronouncing my b's as v's makes me sound Russian, then soviet.
Excuse me sir, do you have a moment to talk about Lord &amp; Taylor?
63 Earths can fit inside Uranus. 64 if you relax.
I put blood, sweat, and tears into this project. Well, not blood, but I sure had one hell of a sweaty cry.
It's just wrong to get the shits in a nudist colony.
Ever since the dawn of time, humanity has been seeking ways of beginning a story without sounding corny
When it comes to cocaine, there's no such thing as a one-liner.
Russian to get married is a soviet Union.
If orange is the new black, it's only a matter of time before the Virginia blackface scandal catches up with Donald Trump.
If I wanted to watch guys fail at scoring for 3 hours, I would have just taken my buddies to a bar.
Next time Im opening up to someone is my autopsy.
A fruit salad does a stand-up set. Its jokes are tropical.
I wasnt sure if I wanted a beard, but it grew on me.
Going to the dentist is really putting your money where your mouth is.
The catholic church has tons of rites because they don't wanna do it rong
I don't enjoy social intercourse as much as I did when I was terrible at it
After discovering half their students are below average the school had an emergency meeting
Its wrong to involve kids in sex and thats why im against pregnancy
I gave my wife a dildo for her birthday. I dont think it was her favourite gift...
There are 10 types of people in the world, those who understand binary and those who don't
If you can tell if a globe is upsidedown then you must be a flat earther
How does my maid ride his scooter?. .. Broom broom!!
My accountant says he can't finish my taxes because he had his appendix removed.
I'll catch up; I must turd.
I'd match fix my upcoming staring contest without blinking an eye.
Nothing scares a gynecologist like a patient who's a ventriloquist.
At halftime it was Patriots 3, Rams 0, Maroon-5. You could say Adam Levine was winning by two-'r-so.
Sounds a bit racist but all Liam Neeson movies look the same to me.
Bullets only do their job after theyre fired
Saying "asking for a friend" is just about as believable as saying "the dog ate my homework".
Did you hear the one about...
Electricity
If you want to get really stoned, drink cement.
Massive props to the set designer on Ant-Man
Before he got married Boas was the most ruthless man in the bible.
OK. I see many hands up . I see...
OK...Who jerked OFF after seeing Jodie Foster in Silence of the Lambs on N***.lix? I mean really, male or female, WTF?
Theres nothing gay about a man sexing a man if both men are yourself, or is there?
Cleavage is the only thing that you can look down on and approve of at the same time.
If it weren't for mini blinds
I used to be indecisive, but now Im not sure.
I ordered a red bull
Neurotoxin gets on my nerves.
If Trump gets the wall built, Kool-Aid man will probably become a folk hero in Latin America.
There's thirteen reasons why Ram's fans are dying tonight.
Looks like the patriots did the ramming tonight *wink*
My extra sensitive toothpaste doesn't like it when I use other toothpastes.
I once dated a girl with an eating misconduct
Can I ask you a question?
My psychiatrist told me that he now only sees paranoid people because all the others die under mysterious circumstances.
A good tagline for Groundhog Day would have been "Same Day, Different Shit."
Scientists say the universe is made up of protons, neutrons and electrons, but they forgot to mention morons.
I went to the opera last night and it's true what they say: it's not over until the fat lady sings.
I was going to be a philosopher, but then I thought: "Why?"
Revisionist history is now a thing of the past.
I unfortunately had to have a colostomy, now I'm really feeling crap.
I tried to drink myself to death last night, but after the first few drinks felt much better.
I tried learning Braille, but just can't get the feel of it.
I thought about doing some yoga, but then thought, "That's a bit of a stretch."
I think my new neighbour is a horse.
My dad was a mobster and I always wanted to follow in his fingerprints.
To all horny women in my area, stop advertising on pornhub my girlfriend goes there
They installed bars on my windows, now have to freestyle rap my passwords
I killed myself ONCE and I'm dead ? Wtf ??
I dont know what the point of a sharpened pencil is.
Alcohol doesn't make you fat, it makes you lean.
Schools should avoid hiring cross-eyed teachers  they can't control their pupils.
I tried a new way of making coffee but it turned out terrible and now Im French depressed.
This morning I had an eye opening experience.
So this dyslexic guy walks into a bra.
I think my flat mate suffers from depression.
It's so annoying when someone says the name of a song and it gets stuck in your head all day. Like Rhinestone Cowboy.
Free refills but bigger cups cost more is paying people to exercise in more trips to refill
Saw too angry failed maths students rectangularing up to each other in the pub.
Science can explain miracle whip.
I'm a Libra, which means I don't give a fuck about horoscopes.
My doctor is a general practitioner and he says my condition could be due to anything.
I had great difficulty as a kid in explaining whose dad I was.
The only good thing about being wrong is the joy it brings to others.
Even after having a killer routine at a local comedy club, the comic didn't get a single callback for any future events there.
What's ignorance?
Anti vaxxers? Theyll die out
Your #wcw says she loves you and then secretly gives her number to the DJ before she leaves the nightclub
When weed finally becomes legal in the afterlife, all the dead hippies will be rolling in their graves.
When life gives you writer's block,
I think I lost my camo jacket but I'm not sure...
I've tried many times to quit heroin, but it's all been in vein.
Daydreaming about sex should be called using your invagination
Had to break up with my girlfriend because she didn't like Metallica....Sad but true.
My top 3 favorite things todoareeating my family and not using commas.
Aliens must think we're really stupid for carrrying around keys instead of microscopic locksmith tools like the microscopic parts in the phone in our other pocket
The Buddhist told me he would fix my fence for free because reposting gives you lots of karma.
I saw Jesus dance once, so I know his reel.
I pulled some strings and got me a yo-yo girl.
I got my girlfriend her first sex toy. who says duffel bags are useless.
Public officials said there'd be no more graffiti, but I could see the writing on the wall.
When you steal someone's shit, they lose their shit.
When you know the ledge of your roof is missing, you've got knowledge.
As a Virgo, I dont believe in astrology.
Dark humor is like food. Not everyone gets it.
They didnt understand when we burned the cross it was protesting crucifixion as a peace rally
They didnt understand qhen we burned the cross it was protesting crucifixion as a peace rally
I always masturbate before I don't go on a date.
I tried to use my penis as a paintbrush, but it was too hard.
I used to date a dwarf.....I was nuts over her.
Sex and Oneliners are both ruined by a period in the middle.
I like to make a good impression when I go clubbing.
Do you think if I started wearing golf skirts I'd get a hole in one?
I queued up for a club called Unemployment, but I didn't get in because I wasn't wearing trainers.
Don't take a diuretic before you drink a bottle of Pinot Blanc, or you'll soon wish you could pinot more.
Driving is like sex; Everybody thinks they are good at it.
I never trusted my twin brother, he reminded me too much of someone I knew.
we all come from inbreeders since there was a first living cell on Eart
No matter what theyre saying seagulls always sound outraged
Sperm banks are places people go for hand made babies.
Ghosting: when youre so indecisive you cant even commit to breaking up with someone.
If you're feeling old and lonely, keep your dentures in a glass on your bedside table at night for a smile first thing in the morning.
My mind is like an internet browser  I have 23 tabs open, 4 are frozen, and I don't know where the music is coming from.
The weekend should get a speeding ticket.
The worst thing about being so tall is that most of my jokes go right over people's heads.
A coffin is the ultimate recycling bin.
You'd have to be crazy to believe in gaslighting
When I masturbate...
Even though I'm Dyslexic, I still remember to get high every day at 2:40.
My local pub is a 10 minute walk away from my home. But my home is a 60 minute walk away from my local pub.
I would not have sex with you I was the last person on earth, because that would be necrophilia.
I heard my wife has found her g-spot.
Skegness is the only place outside Vegas where you can pay for sex with chips.
Python
I met an Irish guy impervious to bullets. His name was Rick O'Shea.
Of course I talk to myself, because sometimes I need expert advice.
Waterboarding at Guantanamo Bay sounds really fun if you don't know what either of those two things are
My wife wouldn't stop trying to race me, I had to put my foot down.
I find I don't seem to cheat as much in my life as I used to, but in consequence I have probably had to lie more.
I probably wouldn't use it much, but if I did have a DeLorean, I would use it from time to time.
When I want to keep in touch with someone, I borrow money from them.
Pass/Fail grading is extreme AF.
The weight of functions is measured in diagrams.
"I'm fine"
Is it racist to ask ducks if they have any gum?
Bread in a breadbox is bread in captivity.
At any given time, the urge to sing "The Lion Sleeps Tonight" is just a whim away...
I entered my left leg for a paralympic event.
I ended my affair with the whisky lover, but I know she loves me still.
I don't mean to brag, but I can say idempotent twice without repeating myself.
I could be a big porn star if it wasn't always so cold.
I considered anal but have decided I don't like the thought of sexual innuendo.
I can't find my camouflage suit.
My idea of having sex in the cinema is taking the back seat.
I bought my missus her first sex toy today: a bottle of aspirin.
I bought car insurance on my wedding anniversary so I'd get a reminder letter every year.
When poor people are starving you live in a capitalist country. When the upper middle class is starving you live in a socialist country.
I did some financial planning and I can retire at 65 and live comfortably for 11 minutes.
Went through a rough breakup with my girlfriend in October; guess you could say it was a bad Fall from Grace.
I gave my date a bottle of tonic water and Schwepped her off her feet.
Ladies, if he cant appreciate your fruit jokes, you need to let that mango.
My wife thinks I dont respect her privacy enough, well, at least thats what it says in her diary.
Two years ago my doctor told me I was going deaf and I havent heard from him since.
I have a friend who is gay and Korean. I guess that makes him Cock-Asian?
Jazz musicians love group Sax
By putting the correct amount of dyes, coal plants will finally start producing green power.
Between 3.5 and 7 billion trees are cut down each year, or, roughly the same amount of paper needed to make three CVS receipts.
After the second verse of my song, Hazel regretted giving me that come zither look.
Hell will freeze over before I'm 0K!
Just because you have a brain doesn't mean you have to use it.
United States
I think a mistake a lot of us make is thinking the court ordered psychologist is our friend. -- Emo Phillips--
It seems in style to be angry, and that really pisses me off!
If its arrogant to believe you can change the world, then schools should teach arrogance
"If this bag could talk, it wouldn't say a god damn word..." said the mobster.
When you're a peeping tom, every window is a window of opportunity.
Literally no one can hold a conversation
penis is the original dildo
If millions of people are having sex every minute, then perhaps I'm not an addict.
If millions of people are having sex every minute, then perhaps I'm not a sex addict.
Did you know that I like to doubt everyone's intelligence?
I'm not haunted by belief in ghosts
This guy came into my tattoo shop and he wanted this really cool tattoo of a postman, so I gave him a pat on the back.
Geology rocks, but Geography is where it's at.
The brownies I started making in my Easy Bake Oven in 1975 are ready if anybody wants one
For the record, a person born in 33' was 45' in 78'.
I've never seen the inside of my ears, but I've heard good things
If I had a machine that sends things to hell and another that sends things to heaven, I'd use the former on the latter so everyone in hell escapes
#blacklivesmatter is true but #blacksexmatters would have spread better if they believed in it
If I had a Delorean, I would probably only drive it from time to time.
The electricity bill of NASA must be astronomical.
every year you spend improving your life makes it better, but it only takes seconds to make it that much worse
Told my husband to stop showing me his penis when he wants sex, but hes too hard-headed to listen.
I was bit by a radioactive lawyer and ended up with the power of attorney.
I want to kill myself because I suffer from FOMO, but I don't want to kill myself because I suffer from FOMO
I was thinking of running for President but changed my mind and decided to run from the President.
The worst part of waking up, is 2 girls and one cup.
I hate always looking for the right size drill bit among my tools - it's just so boring.
Don't tell me nothing is impossible, I could do that every day.
I wrote letters to all the people I hate and burned them, and now I don't know what to do with the letters.
I don't like learning about atom structure, I find it rather bohr-ing.
If they entire world were united as a single nation, we'd probably still have wars, but at least they would be civil.
I think I'm confident.
My pet snake refuses to believe he's dyslexic, yet he always repents.
I aint the brightest book in the shed.
I remember when my Mom used to tuck me in. She really wanted a daughter.
Give your heart to jesus and your brain to satan
Im starting an outreach program for people with poor flexibility
If you are the last person on Earth then everything is legal
I've a elevendency to exaggerate things.
Is it discriminatory to call old gay men low hanging fruit?
Wondering if the FBI being paid during the shutdown, because we NEED female body inspectors.
the execution of jesus on the cross was legal and christians worship the crime of him continuing to live anyways
You can never be overdressed, unless you're on a nudist beach.
Alpha queue
What idiot named it "erectile dysfunction" and not "ballzheimer's"?
You shouldnt use drugs cuz its illegal and for the same reason you shouldnt interfere with the execution of jesus on the cross
I organized a get together for our "say no to masturbation" support group...nobody came.
My maintenance work tools have become damaged.
For rental: DFS (unfurnished).
You can't make this stuff up: There's a paper in Britain called "The Sun."
Restroom dryers and political speeches have a lot in common: they both blow hot air and spread fecal matter, but dryers at least is trying to save the environment.
People who write only in upper case should face capital punishment
I think I might have hypochondria.
I always wanted to be a Gregorian Monk but I never got the chants.
I'm very good friends with 25 letters of the alphabet
The fact that kidney transplant specialists aren't called 'nephromancers' seems like a missed opportunity.
I prove my support for gender equality by using gender-neutral bathrooms.
bitch is a magic word that transforms a nice woman to a bitch just by calling her that
I may not be too keen on current events, but I know that Muppets have a hand in them somewhere.
Having a USB port installed in the corner of my eye has really improved my peripheral vision.
I knew I'd roux the day I started French cooking school.
I asked for a wake-up call when the Creation started, but there was no time.
I asked at Starbucks if they have anything smaller than a grande and the barista said "That's a tall order."
There's a first time for everything, including the last time for everything.
My wife was worried about a soldier giving us a house tour, but he only showed us around.
After I used my blunt as a smog machine my check engine light guided me home.
My heart was broken when the doctor told me that my cardiac pacemaker couldn't be replaced.
I AM in shape. Piriform is a shape.
I have trouble using nonretractable ballpoint pens. They just don't click.
I AM in shape; round is a shape.
Someone stole all the toilet seats from the police station. Cops have nothing to go on.
Nothing pisses me off more than outrage.
My wife said she wanted some peace and quiet while she made dinner so I unplugged the smoke alarm.
Stamp-collecting will get you nowhere.
I auditioned for Aquaman, but they turned me down on account of my broken flipper.
My newest scheme is creating a ride sharing app for boats called ya ought to go.
I dont know why I keep buying trash bags, if I always end up throwing them away.
When is a hen just following the letter W
My mum said I needed some inner strength, so I ate my bodybuilding book.
Two communists have everything in common
When I was young, I used to think earwigs actually lived in your ears, so you can imagine how terrified I was of cockroaches.
When I die. I want my remains scattered across Disneyland, but I don't want to be cremated though.
"Talk is cheap," my lawyer whispered through his teeth.
My masseuse girlfriend left me because she didnt knead me any more.
Cocaine? More like Okaine!
To the guy who stole my Imodium, I hope you've got your shit together
bare with me here but www.yahoo.com
I would KILL to win the Nobel Peace Prize...
99% of statistics are made up lies
My sex life is like a Bruce Willis movie. Im gonna Die Hard.
javascript:void(0)
Quitting smoking is easy; Ive done it plenty of times.
In need of a zinger, i hope this is the place...
If everything seems under control, you are not going fast enough! - Mario Andretti
If you don't know how to read conditional statements, then you're no friend of mine.
I am profoundly fond of fondue
There comes a time in every mans life when he must finish what he
My Fortnite video
Women visit the restroom in groups because there is safe pee in numbers.
When I'm nit eating meat I'm a vegetarian
Jews are such good economists. They must have great power of concentration.
When I die, my headstone will read "It didn't make me stronger".
Is a gastropod on the office floor an octopitional hazard?
Sneaky dogs who pull meat off the kitchen counter know the steaks are high.
1000 pounds of thin people has more brains than 1000 pounds of fat people
You can't make everyone happy...you're not cocaine.
i have Attention Deficit Disorder, which means i have difficulty when people dont pay enough attention to me
How Long Is A Chinese Name
The diet isnt over til the fat lady slims
Women are so materialistic, I bet they'd all dig me if I lived in a bigger car.
I accidentally swallowed a bunch of Scrabble tiles. My next trip to the bathroom could spell disaster.
As a black man, I alone can appreciate the club sandwich.
I wouldnt think about jumping through a window because I cant imagine the pane.
They say smoking is bad for you, but I smoke everyday and my lung feels great!
My paycheck is proof that life is a miracle.
The dentist said my tooth is in great condition.
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving is not for you.
After Harrison Ford came off his trip they called him Han So-Low.
After Harrison Ford came off his trip the called him Han So-Low.
Give me a fortune and we will call it even.
I havent slept for ten days, because that would be too long.
If the US converts from pounds to kilograms, it will be mass confusion.
I'm drawing a blank. I don't know which pen to use.
It takes balls to shave them.
Sorry, but I don't speak any English, whatsoever.
Alzheimer's isn't so bad - you meet new people every day.
In terms of computers, a Dell makes the best music
In Silence Of The Lambs, when Buffalo Bill told the girl in the pit that he was going to make a suit from her skin, I like to think she said "are you putting me on?"
I know a joke about dynamite, but it bombs.
I am god half mighty
A cycling machine called Peloton
Matt Damion nuts
My friend holds the record for the worlds smallest penis, its hard to beat.
I did not like my beard at first, but it is growing on me
If any company should rebrand themselves as a blockchain company, it should be Lego
There are two keys to success: 1. Never let anyone know everything you know.
In response to did you not do it, yes I not did it
I thought it would be easy to remember the slang for "perineum", but it ain't.
Is a Norse lexicographer's career in runes?
Disneys version of Star Wars is just a Pirates if the Caribbean film with everyone dressed up as space people.
The New England Journal of Medicine reports that 9 out of 10 doctors agree that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot.
Honesty may be the best policy, but its important to remember that apparently, by elimination, dishonesty is the second-best policy.
Its not that Im afraid to die, I just dont want to be there when it happens.
My father has schizophrenia, but hes good people.
My father is schizophrenia, but hes good people.
I think its wrong that only one company makes the game Monopoly.
Its sad that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as wild dogs.
It's pointless telling a bald guy a hair-raising story.
I took the shells off my racing snails and now they're sluggish.
If you need someone to talk to about your constipation then come on, don't hold it in.
Everytime I give my girlfriend Izzy the D she becomes Dizzy.
My friends say I'm condescending (that means I talk down to people)
I dont need to rationalize cuz I started rational
When water life evolved onto land, it also gained the ability to poop a different place than it eats (spread across all the water)
The first time I tried time travel, I did not get anywhere but it was still 3 minutes later when I finished.
Thor's Hammer is the holy grail of mythological relics
civilians lazily allow war cuz war is not allowed to attack them
Jesus Christ almighty.
If you can't make it in this life, I would not rate your chances very great anywhere else.
I'm always right. Thought I was wrong once, but it turned out I was mistaken.
I'm gonna try and put an end to conclusions.
To be good at photography, you have to use the right settings.
Jesus Christ stole my tea.
A cure for reclusive behaviour is being exposed.
When Bowser kidnapped the princess
It is a matter of historical retribution when a Jewish person farts in public.
A bullet does it's job after getting fired.
Suicide gets a lot easier after the third time around.
I didn't get a good look at the guy who stole my car, but I managed to write down the license plate number.
The last time I walked naked I was forced to run the mile in under 4 minutes.
Youth, sadly, is wasted on the young.
While others made snow angels, the beaver in heaven made a god dam
I have a soft spot for jokes about babies heads
If anyone wants information about how to become a transsexual, I think I know a guy.
Whoever said "offence is taken not given" really hurt my feelings.
People who fail at suicide should just kill themselves.
As far as I can tell, most of the people my age were all born around the same time.
I gave my wife a photo of her Springer Spaniel in the river - then we both got pneumonia.
Anthems unite weaver ants
If I laid my penis on a computer keyboard, it would stretch all the way from A to Z
Instead of a cross, people who believe jesus was killed by a gun wear that on their necklace and at the top of their church
Is the statement "Ignore all the rules" recursive?
I just blocked a grammar Nazi and it felted so good.
After seeing a terrible word jumble I said "This is a shit anagram."
I was prescribed some anger suppressants and so far they're working FUCKING WONDERS!!!
My colourblind friend was training for the armed services, but unfortunately they didn't let him into the yellow.
I've been champaigning against alcohol abuse.
There's nothing like a useless simile.
Why can't hobbits play music in their cars? They're afraid of the Aux.
If my wife was Eve she would have tried on all the leaves in the forest.
Why are funerals almost always before noon? I'm just not a mourning person!
Not everybody likes peanuts, some prefer a salary.
Chester Benningtons popularity SHOT through the roof on the day that he died
Whats the difference between a black man and a white woman?
As far as breakfasts go, its hard to beat a boiled egg.
Bartenders Are Thirst Responders
Slutty men put the "o" in "everyone".
Thinking about my insomnia keeps me up at night
Lol.
Money matters
My girlfriend said she hates giving me oral sex, well, at least I think that's what she was trying to say.
Ever been on your phone for 45 minutes look down and wonder, when did I eat corn?
Thots are basically just a motel 6 for dicks
I'm going to change my last name to "Ficialntelligence" and then have a baby boy and name my son "Arty"
If I was an astronaut, I'd end every relationship with "Look, I just need space".
The sign language shop has a statue of a pink horse by its front door, which I guess is open for interpretation.
I had a Christmas wet dream that cleaned itself, it was the immaculate ejaculate
I've got a fruit spelling test tomorrow, but I'm cool as a queuecumber.
I really fancy my therapist, she makes me feel a tease.
Ever since my beak transplant, I've had a fowl mouth.
I was going to clean the basement but then realized... it was beneath me.
I used to be indecisive, but now Im not so sure.
Last Thursdayism is one of the oldest religions in the world, having been founded way back when the universe first began last Thursday.
I wanted to become a doctor, but I dont have the patience.
______
STAYING SANE by Gawain Cracey
I didn't learn much in school, my parents kept on sending me back the next day.
90% of my socks are single and you dont see them crying...
Breaking news: I dropped a plate and my son's voice is getting deeper.
I always come to conclusions without having a definite cause, for some reason.
Why do brothels only have one floor? Because there's too much fucking overhead.
I was invited to join my country's trampolining team for the 2020 Olympics. I jumped at the opportunity.
I wasn't gonna tell the host that I considered wearing a shit stained t-shirt to his party, but in the end I decided to come clean.
I wanted to become a doctor, but I didnt have the patience.
I'm not saying I contradict myself, but I do.
I couldn't be effortless if I tried.
If you sometimes get a creepy feeling that someone is standing right behind you, dont worry, youre not alone.
Vegans like tasteless jokes.
I know I'm almost a full year early, but Happy New Year, everyone...
1st Chronicals. Paralysed 2 Myrth 21: When your friend has no weed, show them hempathy.
I put wrong screw in the hole and tightened it, now it just got stuck and all screwed up....!!!
Premature ejaculations come out of nowhere
When I accidentally blew out the club's speakers, I was in a lot of treble.
A marriage contract is an unfair business practice
Nobody ever uses the phrase, Ive got news for you, pal and then updates their friend on recent headlines.
Someone drilled a hole in the fence around the nudist colony. Police are looking into it.
Dating someone based on looks alone is pretty shallow, one should consider money as well.
This new interpreter for my deaf son is giving him mixed signals.
If you want your woman to listen to you, talk to another girl.
We were so poor growing up that for breakfast we had Ordinary K.
Next time you see your grandmother, whatever you do, don't imagine where else she has gray hair.
I need to buy a watch but i dont have the time
I can count on all three hands the number of times I've been to Chernobyl
6:00 to 9:00 seems like much longer that 11:00 to 1:00
Injun Joe got kicked out of the hotel because he didnt have a reservation.
Being a professional tightrope walker isn't a steady job.
People who hate Macbooks are going straight to Dell.
I haven't felt myself since I dropped numbing cream all over my body.
Im pretty sure that the hotel receptionist was checking me out.
One of my New Years resolutions is to be more ambiguous
Watch out for people who avoid the sun, they're shady.
The guy who invented the time machine is way ahead of his time.
"New year, new me" is a fun thing to say while committing identity theft
Ahhhh, I remember 2018 like it was yesterday.
Nazi kleptomaniacs often keep their friend's clothes but their enemies kosher.
Alcohol makes want to go talk to that guy in the mirror, but then you get up and notice that he's already heading your way.
If I see one if I hear one person say I havent seen you since last year Im gonna harm them tweet, Ill go insane
I tried to give my wife a pre-filled coffee grinder for Christmas but my kid spilled the beans.
People that overreact make me want to commit fucking murder.
My life motto is: "Don't be defined by a quote".
When the doctor told me that my cardiac pacemaker won't be replaced, my heart was broken.
The man who killed Hitler should have a statue
I took the shell of my racing snail to make it go fast, but it didnt work because if anything  it made it more sluggish.
I don't know much about immorality, but I know I'm not dying anytime soon.
I think they sold me an old parrot, it keeps on saying, "   ,     ."
When they drop the ball in Times Square it'll be a nice reminder of what I did all year.
The energy drinks in my shop weren't selling well, until I put them all on the bottom shelf.
To the thief who stole all my cans of red bull, I don't know how you can sleep at night.
Never moon a werewolf
Let's put an end to unfinished manuscripts.
I hate it when people show a strong dislike to something.
My mum and dad's going through an identity crisis.
Laughing hysterically after your unapproved experiment has exploded in the lab can be grounds for instant dismissal.
I'd break my neck to prove I'm not masochistic.
Cheerful people are often stressed, because they're always in a hooray.
/
If Spider-Man had a disease where his hands and arms wouldn't stop shaking, would he be called Peter Parkinson's?
Historical Revisionism has been around for as long as I say it has.
Since we got an indoor trampoline injuries have been through the roof
Indoor trampoline injuries are through the roof
Don't knock masturbation - it's sex with someone I love
My mom was born on June 9, 1969 and its no wonder why she always keeps fucking my dad
I was going to keep my synonym for "incomprehensible" a secret, but it's meaningless.
Digging the permafrost in Siberia for fossils is a mammoth task.
If you cook Indian food all the time, it is a recurrying issue.
People travel to the Himalayas in the month of April because it's the peak season.
My son said he wanted to try free falling, so I pushed him over.
My life motto is "don't spend your days consumed by a single quote".
(Cross-post from 3am jokes. Credit to OP)
I visited the antique computer store to bring back the old memories.
There are foreign languages I have never understood.
Ive started carrying a gun after an attempted mugging a few years ago and since then...
My New Year's Resolution is the same as last year: 1920x1080.
My Hungarian friend just lent me a book: You just spilled goulash all down me! by Davoc Yadouin Yabbi.
Actions dont have consequences, only effects.
I got another book,  Cor Blimey by E. Gad. 
I made a Psi Phi film about the Greek Alphabets.
Your body declines as you age, but when your memory goes bad, forget it!
Bought some alligator shoes, but the rude bastard only ate them.
Told my mother-in-law to leave through the fire exit, but sadly there wasn't a single flame on the other side.
The first thing on my cup list is to buy something that can hold more water.
If you're bad at haggling, you'll end up paying the price.
Another great book for Christmas "Men of Leisure" by Firkin Nottivan-Hardley.
Carrots are the root cause for obesity in rabbits.
When Chinese spies listen to my house via my phone all they hear is farting.
I got mooned in public, but the police will get to the bottom of it.
Most sex jokes go way too far, I mean cum on people!
Most sex jokes are not funny, Cum on people!
My obsession with software updates has taken me to cloud 9.01
Winzip files are becoming rar these days.
Shout out to all the side walks for keeping me off the streets
There are 2 kinds of people - those who realize they've been given an incomplete set of data.
I wish to live forever, so far so good.
I wonder if people who live in Seville are referred to as Sevilians.
I had a dream about my late wife, and I woke up with mourning wood.
New York woman tossed pee-soaked panties at cop during husbands DUI arrest... police responded... now urine trouble.
Queens Elizabeth's annual Christmas speech was given in front of lavish golden piano... Im pretty sure that's the rap video equivalent to strippers on a Lambo.
Elon Musk showed off his LA tunnel last week... it was the most talked about tunnel since Katie Couric had her colonoscopy on the Today Show.
I went on the NORAD Santa tracker last week before Christmas... he was at a strip club in Atlanta... doing "research" on the naughty list.
People who say actors are pretentious are missing the plot.
A New Year's resolution is something that goes in one year and out the other.
I'm so good at masturbation I can do it with other peoples hands
The Crash Test Dummies were one-hit wonders.
Some frogs are immortal  they can't croak.
I didnt gaslight you that was just in your head.
The government plans to tax the oxygen we breathe. Don't they realize what this will do to the cost of living?
I wish we all had the problems of other people. We're very good at solving those.
If you can't find your beer fridge, it's probably done it's job for the day.
I got a part in a movie called Cocaine. I only have the one line though.
A friend will help you move. A good friend will help you move a body.
You know you have a bad chiropractor when you lie down fully clothed and he walks in naked.
The truth hurts, not as much as jumping on a bicycle with the seat missing, but it does hurt!!!
Christmas is a year away
I used to practise law, but it got repetitive repeating no comment
Despite the high cost of living, it remains popular.
I dressed up as Batman for the party at my AA meeting
So... you know how opposites attract...
Make the internet great again by taking it back from the corporations
People change : Even Stan used to be an angel.
merry christmas aka I wish you are less merry at times other than christmas
I'm nonexisting lots of places right now, other than here
When it comes to starting fires, a good lighter has no match.
Abortion really brings out the kid in you
I'm not that good at it but I teach a class on humblebragging
"Pimps" is easy, but pimping ain't easy.
Brylcreem is nowhere near as tasty as the name suggests.
My buddies Buddha belly helped me find the eight-folds path
Self portraits have a way of drawing you in.
My friend believed that all you need is love, then he starved to death.
Handling submachine guns is not Uzi.
Blowjobs are probably the hardest thing a human can do because we simply suck at it.
I've been seeing someone about my mysterious tendencies.
The only rule for paradoxes is there are no rules.
A brain freeze is basically when you, er, you know, when..
Can't wait for the new Fifa 2014 next year.
My litter box is a FedX box; when it's full I tape it shut and put it on my porch for someone to steal.
My mother-in-law is getting some jumper cables for Christmas because she likes to start some shit.
Nothing is as effective as homeopathy.
My face is red from having unprotected wintercourse...
When I suggested to my wife we used a strap on, she was right behind me.
My wife says I listen to Michael Jackson too much but I don't stop 'til I get enough.
Canals are disgusting
Cows that have a sense of humor are just laughing stock.
The Dyslexia Organization of America, in partnership with the Emergency First Responders Organization, is proud to announce its new medical emergency hotline: just dial 119
I know a joke about Oedipus and Midas, that's motherfucking gold.
I need to gettier more knowledge.
Someone just stole my sunglasses right in front of my very eyes.
I bought my friend a healing record to help with his depression, but it didn't work the way I intended: he slit his wrists with it.
I asked my mother why she stopped breastfeeding when I was two weeks old, and she replied she was cutting her losses.
I gave a well thought out and highly detailed explanation to my girlfriend why I wanted to cum on her face, but it went over her head.
If my sex toy business doesn't pick up soon, I'm gonna have to pull the plug.
It's a well known fact that women never answer video calls after 9pm, because their face has been restored to factory settings.
It's just so sad how often I see zookeepers breaking their own, "Don't Feed the Animals" rule.
Do amputees kiss under the mistlestump?
After finally getting a car with a rear view cam, Im never looking back.
She was only a whisky maker but he loved her still.
Cooties are just stds for kids
They say that diamonds are a girl's best friend, but I think it's another word that starts with "D"
The only time incorrectly is spelled incorrectly when it's spelled correctly.
I sent my friend dying of thirst in the desert a "get well soon" card.
Walmart employees are so rude I refuse to steal there again.
Walmart employs are so rude I refuse to steal there again.
There is a weirdo in every family. If youre thinking not mine. Its probably you!!
When it comes to performing as a human statue, I've got nerves of still.
Maroon 5 were formed from three different bands called Red 1, Blue 2 and Yellow 1.
I bought my friend a get better soon card. He isn't ill, I just think he could do better
Always use butter because there's no margarine for error.
If you ever see my car in parallel parking, report it stolen.
Isnt a taxidermist in a car, a taxi driver
They told me to make a long story short, so I claimed the fifth.
In my whole life I've never seen a salad bowl but I have seen a horse box!
"Ever smoke so much pot that your wife starts to make sense?" "Me neither"
Take my advice and don't take my advice.
Id be pretty annoyed if I brought gold while the other two wise men got away with stinky water and herbs.
You can tell a lot about someone by the autobiography they write.
Jamaican dictionaries are demeaning.
Japan's invasion of China in 1931 was certainly a Sino things to come.
My dad is like tetris. Everytime he does a line he disappears
There was a sign on the lawn at a drug rehab center that said, 'Keep off the grass.'
Not to give anything away but halfway into the movie Aquaman, the manager makes you put your pants on and leave the theater.
I'd be lying if I said I didnt want to lie right now
Is it a bad sign that my lawyer has to take a Xanax to stop laughing uncontrollably?
I love going out dancing with depressed people,they really know how to get down.
Stevie wonder has a net worth of 110 million, even he agrees thats a lot of money, but he claims he doesnt see any of it.
I worked at a Starbucks last winter, so some people might say I'm a veteran of the "War on Christmas."
Is it just me or does everyone find mirrors incredibly sexy
Cliches must be avoided like the plague.
If you want a job in a moisturizer factory , you should apply daily
I have a strange feeling throwing my boomerang will come back to haunt me...
Why do the French not have a word for entrepreneur?
I had to dig deep for this pickpocket pun.
Reconstructing prisons is a rewarding job.
theres 1 place if you die there they just leave you to rot, and thats when you go camping in your own coffin laying in your own grave
It's an extremely salty move to Kikkoman when he's down.
Energizer bunny arrested charged with battery.
I found out the guy who invented the flush toilet was named Thomas Crapper
If you feel sick and hungover after drinking beers, isnt that technically a yeast infection
People that trust the police are pig-ignorant.
Getting a vacuum cleaner for Christmas would suck.
Strong passwords are like r/oneliners - lots of special characters.
Don't wait - procrastinate NOW.
A year after i started going to the gym im not a big fat liar anymore
I really like the word "averment" even though in the dictionary it's just below average.
I went to the gym with a biro because my Australian trainer keeps saying "No pen, no gain".
I got bent out of shape because the police got mad at me.
My dad left me for another man
They say the bigger glasses you have the more intelligent you are, that explains why I wear contacts
Theres a guy going around dipping his testicles in glitter, its pretty nuts.
If i knew the future of exactly how much money id have and when, id spend as fast as i could so more money has to keep coming to make that future true
As usual, the controversial plastic surgeon raised a few eyebrows.
My friend just bought a camper van - his first one clearly wasn't gay enough.
I've got the daunting task of making everything sound tougher than it really is.
I've just spent a 1000 on hiring a limousine,then found out it doesn't come with a driver, I can't believe I spent all that money and have nothing to chauffeur it.
If nobody stops a political action then it must be a good idea /sarcasm
My yoga instructor's last move was the decom pose.
There's no risk in sleeping around if you own an RV.
If square pegs fit in square holes and round pegs fit in round holes, why isn't the head of a penis shaped like an axe?
Did you know that the official veterinary term for your dog eating something it shouldn't is a "dietary indiscretion", which absolutely sounds like a dog politician trying to downplay its irresponsible past.
If my life, thus far, is my reward, I feel cheated. But if it's my punishment, I'm grateful
To buy time, pay attention
My faith in the scientific method makes me a Scientific Methodist
All red wine is mulled wine, if you think about it.
I cast an evil spell of extra suffering from placebos like this one
With all the adult scenes in game of thrones, it should have been called "kingdom come"
My wife said she is leaving me because I'm too arrogant, so I told her to close the door on the way back in.
A photon checks into a hotel, is asked if he needs any help with his luggage and replies, "No, I'm traveling light."
If they opened a Barnes and noble in Istanbul would it be a Barnes and Constantinople?
Lecturer: "have any of you heard of pavlov's dogs?" Student "...It rings a bell."
Lecturer: "have any of you heard of pavlov's dogs?" Student: "... It rings a bell."
I hooked up with a mime last night and she did unspeakable things!
My friend died doing what he loved  Heroin.
If a urologist is told to stop taking the piss, does he have to find a new career?
God made Adam first because he didn't need any advice.
I tried to start a fight club but I wasnt allowed to talk about it so nobody came
I thought about teaching a class on self-sabotage but Id probably just mess it up.
The winner of "The Self-Harming With Glass Contest" was clear-cut.
When it comes to one-upmanship, I always give a hundred and eleven percent.
I, put commas, in, weird places, so that, you, will, read, this, like William, Shatner.
When they started taxing penis length all of a sudden the richest man had the longest he said
Invertebrates are cool. No bones about it.
I'd tell you one of my self-deprecation jokes but none of them are any good.
'White Christmas' - a movie with only one black man in it.
One of Jeff bezos's eyes is more closed than the other, making him literally two faced.
I was picking up some dog poop in the park today and thought to myself, I really should get a dog.
When the pastor turned his back to the congregation, he was just preaching to the choir.
"I'm good at everything.... Except modesty."
I put the "penis" in happiness, ladies.
Probably gonna lose my job at the mine because I bombed my explosives safety class.
The speed limit of sex is 68, because at 69 you have to turn around.
If a dove is the bird of peace, then is a swallow the bird of love?
Youth is when you're allowed to stay up for New Years, middle age is when you're forced to.
A guy knows he's in love when he loses interest in his car for a couple of days.
Friday is the beginning of my liver's work week.
I'm not just going to give you a pot to boil water, you'll have to urn it.
It takes balls to have a vasectomy
Im a nihilist, not that it matters.
The Nazi's were able to conquer Poland so easily because they marched in backwards and the Polish Army thought they were leaving.
Bulimia jokes make me sick.
Women pee so hard and loud it sounds like frying chicken.
A big shout out to the hard of hearing
I was two days old when I was circumcised, it hurt so bad I couldnt walk for a year.
Abortion brings out the kid in you.
the conjoined twin marathon was neck-and-neck the whole way
Doing an average job will get you to the top of the bell curve.
The relationship between a dog and human is similar to that of man and God. We're all his bitches.
I accidentally went grocery shopping on an empty stomach and now i'm the proud owner of Aisle 4.
Hello and welcome to Pointless Club, you are now free to leave.
The consequences of my bad eating habits have started to weigh on me.
Pornsites should have a year review video.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet; I don't know why.
If a soldier drags a power cable across a battlefield, is he leading the charge?
My mate asked me to lock up his boat, but I couldn't find the quay.
If there's a sock on my doorknob it means I'm having sex with the other one.
I encountered a guy at the lake who was really excited about fishing, but I didnt see the lure.
Nobody knew that the organisers of Roland-Garros supported nudists, but now it's all out in the open.
Not gonna tell the wife that I refuse to get circumcised, because she'll bite my head off.
Once I ate 8 to bring peace between 7 and 9
Listening to people lecture me about how suicide jokes are offensive makes me want to kill myself
I admit to spending a fortune on women, booze and gambling. The rest I spend foolishly.
Problems in your glasses' lenses are magnified when you put them on.
If you worry you die, and if you die you don't worry, so what was the question again?
If I had to describe my sex life in two words, I would.
For crying out loud, I hate chopping onions!
I combined my first 2 joke sets into 1. Enjoy!
If you ever had to look up "stupid" in the dictionary you're living proof.
I always fall asleep in class and my teachers hate it, because I snore and sleep naked
I say no to booze and pretend it won't listen.
Just found out my ex-girlfriend needs a kidney transplant, but there's nothing to worry about, her body hasn't rejected an organ in 25 years
I sometimes think I have done the dumbest thing I can think of, and then I think of something else.
I am a seasoned traveler and so I only travel during the seasons.
My petticoat keeps making trivial remarks.
Dozens of dollars lost in massive ramen heist.
The judge told my cousin that he might look like one of the 12 apostles, but that his mastery of Aramaic is insufficient for that alibi to be accepted.
People who use selfie sticks, really need to have a good, long look at themselves.
I never meant to be a killjoy, but Joy just wouldn't shut the fuck up.
Last time I took someone out, I got arrested.
A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than men who mention it.
Transplants would be a lot less common if plants were just comfortable with what they are.
A dinosaur with only one eye is called a Doyouthinkhesaurus.
Minimalism's OK.
My dog ate a bag of garlic, now his bark is worse than his bite.
I always believed my mom when she said I'm too gullible.
Magnet schools are an attractive educational option.
My intention is to ruin the brakes in my car, and no one will stop me.
The first horse that was ever ridden simply couldn't say neigh.
I changed the name of my iPhone to Titanic. It's syncing now.
Gender fluid sounds like the wet spot on the mattress...
Mimes are terrible girlfriends because after every disagreement they give you the silent treatment!
Light years are heavy in numbers.
WTF is an acronym
How Long is a Chinese Name
A plateau is the highest form of flattery.
If they paid you what you're worth, you would owe them money.
Some would say the cup is half-full, others would say the cup is half-empty but I just say it's about time I found a girlfriend with bigger tits.
The pub is ten minutes from my house, however, my house is two hours from the pub.
The son of two redheads is a ginger bred man
Family is a relative term.
"Don't let others push you around" unless you're in a shopping cart, that shits fun.

The investigation into a farmers allotment having a new even spread of soil put on top has received new evidence...the plot thickens...
There is Easy Mode, Hard Mode and Depeche Mode.
I broke my arm in two places and my doctor told me to stop going there.
When my new Indian girlfriend said that I could give her a facial, I nearly came on the spot!
A snake that's 3.14 metres long is called a Pi-thon.
Hunter sees a sign on the road saying "Bear Left" so he goes home.
Do nations with large populations have less stress because there are more people to blame?
My band member was up in arms after being made to crowd surf.
Procrastination would be my middle name if I stopped putting off legally changing my name
Since time spent driving on the road is dangerous, in the interest of safety you should always drive as fast as possible to minimize your time at risk.
I was driving down the road and I saw a sign that read "WATCH FOR CHILDREN". And I thought, "that's a pretty sweet deal!"
Bought a dog from the blacksmith and as soon as I got it home, it made a bolt for the door.
If you ever shag a slutty vegan girl, you might catch her peas.
Hemorrhoids are a pain in the ass.
I try to avoid being condescending, which means talking down to people.
Rock feller street
A "condemnation" is one letter away from being the name of a very sexually safe country.
I used to double the value of my Ford Anglia by putting gas in it.
Im such a good cook, even the fire alarm cheers me on.
I believe a lot of conflict in the wild west could have been avoided if cowboy architects had just made their towns big enough for everyone.
What did rachel weisz tell daniel craig when he approached her..Dont try to bond with me !!
Accordion to a recent survey, replacing words with the names of musical instruments in a sentence often goes undetected.
A lot of people worry about being buried alive, but that's really a miner problem.
It is my birthday!
I'm hiring a new maid. I anticipate there'll be some sweeping changes.
The seven dwarfs were in the bath, all feeling happy, but he climbed out, then they all felt grumpy.
The seven dwarfs were in the bath, all feeling happy, but he climbed out, so they all felt grumpy.
Andy's mom had her own toys named Buzz and Woody.
Was invited to a cannibal themed party, so I brought some finger foods.
Sexual competitions aren't fun, not in the least.
I had a trial with a personal trainer, but I didnt care for her tone.
The local watch repair guy mustnt be very good because it seems hes always killing time.
Any crime could be a perfect crime for a couple of minutes.
Going around corners too fast that's how I roll
Like a teenage boy desperate to lose his virginity, it was simultaneously both easy and hard.
My friend who likes punching buildings was arrested for domestic abuse.
If my wife asked me for a double entendre, I'd give it to her.
In economic terms, toilet paper is a valuable commode-ity.
I doubt scientists like dubstep, none of them like to drop the base.
The top commentator is a top rephraser
The best trick to save cellphone battery is to use a watch.
I'm pretty sober, but I'm even prettier when you're drunk.
Any pants can be tearaways if youre strong enough.
I know this incredible joke about airplanes, but I feel it'd go right over your head
Sex on television can't hurt you, unless you fall off!
A guy walks into a bar and it hurts.
What starts with 'w' and ends with "hat"
Mark my words: I will kill myself or die trying.
I got food poisoning today. I'm not sure when i'm going to use it...
The two worst things about my new dryer are how often it loses a sock, and how quickly the lint trap fills up.
Contortionists make great friends because theyll bend over backwards for you.
Im not crazy! Only one of my personalities hears voices.
The stress of choosing the material for my camping supplies had me feeling tents.
My boss told me to pop the roll of bubble wrap in the shed and then he fired me for doing so.
It's bad luck to be superstitious.
A guy told me about a double-entendre contest, so I entered my sister
Dyslexics of the world, UNTIE!
Cemetery workers take care of every body
My lawyer told me to sue him, so I jumped in the pool
Can anyone help, I am looking for an audiobook Silence is Golden. Speak up if you have heard of it!
Neil deGrasse Tyson is a regular Bill Cosmos.
Heart jokes aren't usually funny, but aorta be
If you really want to blame someone else, don't pack your own parachute.
I just invented the worlds first Round Tuit so now everyone can get a Round Tuit.
Most accidents happen close to home, so I'm going out tonight.
If DMX was a delivery driver, would he bark at himself?
I guess flat earthers don't believe in global warming. For them it's just plain warming
If my wife finds out I'm back on /r/Oneliners, she'll smash my head into thefuckijgkeybaorddddhxjsjnd
If I say sew myself, may I have a knitted portrait?
Anyone can become infamous today if they really put their mind to it and dont care about their future
If you marry yourself (sologamy) you are in a gay marriage
only watch the local news when its important enough to get on the global news
Donald Trump Jr is writing a book - it's called "The Art of a Plea Deal".
If Donald Trump Jr ever writes a book
My girlfriend was up in arms when I lifted her out of bed.
Geology rocks but geography is where it's at
One good thing about misanthropes is that they don't discriminate.
I'm sorry I did that to you but in the same situation I would do it again
A guy at the amputee ward said my jokes were too offensive, I said with accusations like that he didnt have a leg to stand on
I don't like dentists, they get on my nerves.
After I shot my doctor because he wouldn't give me more than 6 months, the judge agreed and gave me 30 years.
The only person really caught between a Rock and a hard place is Dwayne Johnsons girlfriend during sex.
I had this dream
When I shave for the end of No Shave November, I'm going to miss my facial hair, it has really grown on me.
Coco Chanel once said that a woman should spray perfume on any part of herself she wants a man to kiss, but I'd imagine that would really burn.
Jackson Pollack was one hell of an artist, but a terrible partner in Pictionary.
Cosmetic procedures were once frowned upon but these days if you mention Botox nobody raises an eyebrow.
For the suicidal, procrastination is a survival skill.
Shout out to everyone who forgot the opposite of in and is hard of hearing
Everytime I use my licence plate for coke my bumper gets high.
Until this month I thought Pumpkin Spice was the fat Spice Girl.
Neil Diamond used to be called Neil Coal, until the pressure got to him.
My friends asked me to go camping, so I made a list of things I needed.
Is it my imagination or was music better when ugly people were allowed to make it?
Two words.
2 words.
University is just like being unemployed, but your parents are proud of you.
I thought "abundance" was what a small cake did when it liked music.
My wife puts the 'ass' in 'asset'.
A Swedish woman, two Swedish men and another Swedish woman walk into ABBA.
To chart ones menstrual cycle, use a periodic table.
Someone broke into my house and stole a limbo stick. How low can you go?
Jokes about German sausage are the wurst.
I'm always right - I thought I was wrong once, but it turned out I was mistaken.
I found my first gray pubic hair today... In my breakfast burrito.
I spilled barbecue sauce on my foot. Now mosquitoes are on my mesquite toes.
Why is it called a driveway when you park there and a parkway when you drive there?
The word abbreviation sure is long for what it means
Just had to sue my orthodontist. Luckily, I keep my lawyer on retainer.
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea does that mean that one enjoys it?
Book
I applied for a job at Microsoft, but I don't think I got it, because they never responded to my telegram.
My job is like being a prostitute. The better you do, the more you get screwed.
After years of teasing my girlfriend about her anorexia, she finally snapped.
In little league my position used to be Left Out.
I want to kill myself every time my suicide jokes make things awkward.
A Freudian Slip is when you say one thing but you mean your mother!
Gays are fucking assholes.
I wrote a long thesis on Japanese Bushido in the Edo Period, it's very long but I could Samuraize it if you want.
Humility is an alright policy
Tell your friend to say OPness. It means over powered
I've just gotta relax after a hard day of ignoring work.
The Amish go to Internet Hell where theres no Internet, and later they die.
No matter how much I studied, I never did well in the school spelling be.
Salsa is basically for perveted old people.
The advice "stay in school" should really be accompanied with some type of time limit
I couldn't pay the exorcist so he repossessed my house
My artificial Christmas tree is like me: every year a little less foliage on top and a bit more dim.
One of the most wonderful things in life is to wake up and enjoy a cuddle with someone, unless you're in prison.
Invisible ink is hard to see. Especially if it's written on invisible paper.
A communism joke isn't funny until everyone gets it.
I got lost in a corn maze and spent the rest of the day walking around in crop circles.
Chairs are shoes for your butt
slavery was a full-time job cuz they owned all your time
If you mix a half-bottle of NyQuil and a half-bottle of DayQuil you get a quarter-bottle of Late-AfternoonQuil.
Separating two different lines with a semicolon doesnt make it a one-liner; I mean me too thanks
When a cow farts out of its derrire it makes dairy air.
I had so many blind dates I should get a free dog.
After I sang John Wayne's Teeth at the local cowboy bar they're calling me The Black Eyed Pea.
The Hollow Earth Theory makes me mad because it goes directly against my core beliefs.
I create lines for a living. AMA.
Attending a long and boring lecture is not a problem for me, I can do that with my eyes closed.
My science teacher tried really hard to explain the vacuum of space, but it all meant nothing to me.
I was delighted when someone stole every lamp in my house
"i" before "e" except after "c" is disproved by science.
I made a one liner in the bathroom sink, everyone laughed but I got arrested for snorting
A man hid all his stolen money in the washing machine, which amounted to about 350,0000. He was later arrested for money laundering.
There are too types of people
I wanna give a shout out to everyone who's hard of hearing.
Im really good at using Reddit at work without my boss suspecting anyth
I am the absolute worst when it comes to self deprecation.
My wife and I use the code phrase "We need to talk" when we want sex; it's the only time in history a man has looked forward to those words.
Person with dyslexia tries LSD for the first time; becomes Mormon.
We learn about tech faster than new tech is invented, so when we catch up tech seems to slow down
Women only call me ugly until they find out how much money I make; then they call me ugly and poor.
Someone stole my mood ring. I'm not sure how I feel about that.
If anyone tells you they're not speaking to you, they're lying.
My teacher told me to write in cursive, so I wrote "fuck", "shit", "cunt" and "asshole" all over the page
My teacher asked me to write in cursive, so I wrote "fuck", "shit", "cunt" and "asshole" all over the page
I was thinking the other day, so I shouted, "Thomeone help! I can't thwim!"
What a wonderful day for going down to the Soviet embassy, knocking on the door and asking, "Is Len in?!"
My wife told me I was immature so I kicked her out and told her girls aren't allowed in my fort.
I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows in too high; she looked surprised.
I don't need sex, because the government fucks me every day.
I am big hearted, but my doctor says I just have heart disease.
I am big hearted, but my docitor says I just have heart disease.
The Used Car Buyers Guide is my favorite auto biography.
I bought a camouflage outfit, but now I can't find it.
My phone number (in no particular order): 4092346758
One mans trash is also another mans trash if theyre roommates.
Where all my Jews at, make some oys
Women pilots are the real drag queens
German children love playing Mein-craft.
I wanted to join a carpool but my mechanic told me chlorine is rough on engine.
My blind date looked like something I drew with my left hand.
Someone stole my copy of Microsoft Office and they're gonna pay, you have my Word.
There is a little "fuck you" in every "whatever!".
A threw a boomerang a few years ago.
I got so drunk last night, I dont know if I found some keys or lost a car.
Why is it called Black Friday when mostly Caucasians are making most of the money?
I hate being bipolar, it's awesome.
A more sexual virgin of autocorrect has just been released.
Bought a DVD that shows a man hunting down a cat - thankfully it was a worthwhile purchase.
Always writing my name in cursive is my signature move.
A volcano is just a pessimist volca.
Clouds are just sheep in the skies.
The first sign of AIDS is a severe pounding in the rectum.
Im on a vodka diet; Ive lost three days already.
I doubt theres a heaven; I think the people from hell have probably bought it for a timeshare.
I want to be a millionaire just like my dad, he also wants to be a millionaire.
Whenever Malcolm X went bowling he automatically started with a strike.
Living in a glass house would be a huge pane.
I got hooked on Tide Pods but Im clean now.
Doing standup comedy in Germany is predominantly Krautwork.
I asked my wife to dress up as a nurse tonight to fulfill my fantasy that we have health insurance.
This guy's going around dipping his testicles in glitter, which is pretty nuts.
I started a business building yachts in my attic and sails are through the roof!
If your great-grandmother saw you making boxed mashed potatoes, she would turn over in her gravy.
Stop using a fork to eat peanut butter out of the jar and use a spoon like everyone else you heathen!!!
When a potter loses their job are they fired?
If a cobbler gets laid off do they get the boot?
Worst typo ever is the word miximum.
When a prostitute loses their job, do they get laid off?
When a human cannon ball loses their job, do they get fired?
To err is human but to arr is pirate.
Fact..!
You're imcomparable, like a...
they kept thanking me so I said dont be so gratitudeous
they kept thanking me so I said dont be so graditudeous
The bar is so low that Satan serves drinks at it
To make use of Lyft's speedy new service for Black Friday shoppers, call (900) SHOP-LYFT.
Nickleback music isn't as bad as it sounds.
A lighthouse is actually very heavy.
News stories about trees falling on people's houses really hit home.
All this fiber in my diet is really doing me a solid.
The quickest and easiest way to become a billionaire is to change your name to "Billionaire"
Why is no one ever the right amount of whelmed?
My lack of knowledge on Greek mythology has always been my Achilles elbow.
The word "queue" is literally the letter 'Q' followed by silent letters.
Pinocchio wasn't a NAZI although his father, Gestapo, was.
people have the right to believe things that are wrong
Nothing is not easier said than done
I exclusively date women that are any age, ethnicity, weight and height.
The fear of pie is irrational.
The fear of  is irrational.
I quit drinking yesterday. (actually I quit drinking every day)
Gollum is a little paranoid.
I considered trying yoga, but upon consideration thought, nah, thats too much of a stretch for me.
If I had a dollar for every time someone gave me a dollar, I'd be broke.
Exactly 55.8% of statistics are completely made up
Strip club manager said "get back to twerk"
You better burn some bridges if you miss your getaway car.
Never have a party pooper as a getaway driver
Grandma told me about her stroke and I felt the story sounded very one sided.
Gymnasium in ancient Greek means "naked exercise" but try telling that to the receptionist.
Put some desks and a blackboard in my living room today to make it more classy.
Sadly, the days of people using proper English are went.
I live in constant fear of not being misunderstood.
Ive tried to reason with my dog, but I think he only see things in black and white.
In my free time I like to multitask, compile pointless lists, and
I'm having trouble finding a getaway driver.
People used to be nicer, these days the average person is mean.
Is it tomato or tomato,
My girlfriend broke up with me so I took her wheelchair.
I used to feel that the bottom has dropped from my world, but after a few of Dr. William's Pink Pills for Pale People, it felt like the world had dropped from my bottom.
Im watching a documentary on furries on CNN, these people are paw thetic.
Sometimes I go to the outlet mall just to charge my phone.
Would prostitution be considered retail or holesale?
69% of people find something dirty in every sentence.
Donald Trump is such a cock that when he takes Viagra, he gets taller.
Everyone can catch a bullet at least once.
Got out of my car today and noticed I had a flat tire but luckily it was only flat on the bottom...
When the fire alarm went off and my colleague stopped to pick up pliers, I chastised him, this is not a drill!
My favourite word is "controversial" and if it's not yours too, I'll kill you.
Every job is temporary because eventually you'll die.
There is good news for insomniacs all over the world today, only 5 more sleeps until Christmas!
My African Grey used to swear a lot, but since last Thanksgiving he's only quoting Bible verses.
If you get lost in thought you must be in unfamiliar territory.
I've been telling everyone about the benefits of eating dried grapes -- it's all about raisin awareness.
Ever since his toy workshop operation expanded to Antarctica, Santa has been acting... bipolar.
The first caterpillar to ever turn into a butterfly was like, "YOOOOOOO!!"
The word "toidinaeraouy" looks complex as hell, and if you try to read it backwards, you are an idiot..
Everyone's talking about the joke where you boil water because it turns out that steam is a gas.
I can tell if people are opinionated just by looking at them.
After spitting into a tube I was disappointed to learn that 23 and Me isnt a college centric dating service, and that Im predisposed to prostate cancer.
Every decision you have ever made has led to you reading this sentence.
Life is a gift, and the morgue is the returns department.
If I weren't a procrastinator, I would have been perf
Hate abruptness.
There are three types of people in the world: those who can count, and those who can't.
Stuttering never caused me much grief except when I tried to introduce my great-great-great-great-grandpa.
I'm not in favour of being opinionated.
Anyone can learn how to yodel simply by going to the bathroom after harvesting the Carolina Reaper.
As it turns out Adelle crossed the road to say 'hello from the other side'.
Turns out Adelle crossed the road to say 'hello from the other side'...
If you stand around long enough, you win the loitery.
I took 3 shits today but they weren't mine.
If you go to Stan Lee's funeral, make sure you hang around until after the end of the ceremony
I like to piss off sales companies by phoning them all the time asking if they have vacancies when I know they don't.
Pronouncing words correctly is just not my fort.
only death and taxis are certain, so let's hope uber solves immortality too
I used to really enjoy political jokes, but unfortunately, too many of them got elected.
Me and the wife had a competition to see who's better in bed and needless to say, she's a sore loser.
I wanted to bed a girl on a boat, but she wasn't keen on the idea of joining the mile ahoy club.
A girl told me it's what's inside that counts, so I started teaching my dick arithmetic.
Never question why women love shopping unless you're buy-curious.
I went to my first kick boxing class tonight and hopefully, I'll be able to quit boxing for good this time.
Ive tried other adhesives, but Im really stuck on super glue.
"Blow up dolls" have a totally different meaning to terrorist
I dont think Stan Lee is really dead, I think theyll figure out a way to bring him back in Avengers 4.
The guy who stole my Diary died today, my thoughts are with his family.
A couple went golfing but did very poorly, I guess it was the fault in their pars
I used to think chiropractors were a waste of money but I stand corrected.
My father only hit me once but he used a Ford.
Marriage...because your shitty day doesn't have to end after work.
I tried to reimburse my neighbor for running over his chicken, but he said his chickens are not that flat.
My guitar wouldn't make any noise, then I realized it was an autoustic guitar...
My priest says he is schizophrenic, but I have yet to see his altar ego
I'd say a joke about permanent ink, but it might not come off so nicely.
There is something unamerican about people who dont like nachos.
There's nothing like a good meal to make you lose your appetite.
If a movie is overlooked, it's underseen.
I'm not saying my wife's a bad cook, but she uses a smoke alarm as a timer.
I like to sleep in the nude which fine except for on those long flights.
Don't worry guys, Stan Lee's death is going to be retconned any day now.
During a time of war can you be arrested for disturbing the peace?
Have you heard the joke about the bed? It hasn't been made yet.
I wouldn't be caught dead hunting in a cemetery.
Is Heaven part of the MCU now?
Neutering an animal makes it infertile. Making its hide into carpet squares makes it fur tile.
Bill Gates created a multi-billion dollar company only to name it after his dick.
I went to the nursery for some flowers, but I never botany.
If my murderer sees this, he's going to kill me!
"I recently unsubbed from /r/fencing. Nothing but ripostes over there."
You can't use liquor as a crutch because a crutch is supposed to help you walk.
Millions of fans angered by Marvel decision to kill off Stan Lee
I woke up this morning and forgot which side the sun rises from. Then it dawned on me.
If you fall asleep stoned, youre sleeping like a rock.
Original chip flavor is code for tastes like a greasy potato.
Damn that was smooth
You'd never get planning permission to build a city on rock and roll.
Historically speaking: Where there's smoke there's fire, or a guy in a Pinto.
I get anxious about taking my anxiety pills
After years of teasing my girlfriend about her anorexia, she finally snapped.
I won first place in a political correctness competition, but to be fair, so did everyone else.
The gender neutral name for a sugar daddy is glucose guardian.
My PIN number is the last four digits of pi.
Why does my ADHD medicine that is supposed to help me learn to read say it needs to be taken with alcohol?
Stan lee died, but that just means hell be back in 24-36 months as an even more powerful, possibly female, version...
We called our band Prevention because we're better than The Cure.
I'd make a short joke right now, but I wouldn't go down to your level.
The guy who invented autocorrect can burn in hello.
If you're behind someone at a cash machine, let them know you're not a threat by gently kissing their neck.
Worst pick-up line ever:
Medusa is a creature of hair bit
My brother-in-law was a very good sturgeon, he always operated upstream.
In the land of the blind, Neptune is king.
A girl is said to be grown up when she starts wearing a bra and a boy is grown up when he starts removing it.
Going to the store is the only time I get checked out.
I can rest easy knowing my insomnia is cured.
He was telling me about 'history', I started listening intently only to realize it was not "his story."
Society is so progressive that even women can now beat their own wives
The man who farts in church sits in his own pew.
My keyboard is missing some kegs, but I cant place my fingers on which ones.
My complimentary hotel breakfast did not tell me I looked nice even once.
I am a titanic survivor cuz the titanic didnt kill me cuz I was never near it
Everything is possible through the power of our lord and saviour Jesus Fucking Christ
If reincarnation is true then the death penalty is letting criminals loose on the world
people dont care if they're spied on by someone they and their friends will never hear back from, until its too late
pledging allegiance to a country is like saying screw the rest of the world
My girlfriend likes dildos in more ways than one.
Im not a cactus expert, but I know a prick when I see one
If you rearrange the letters of postmen, they get really pissed off.
I did not know why my arms and legs were in irons, but I was sure impressed.
Don't bring an axe to a circumcision. It always creates a bad impression.
I bought a new pair of shoes with Memory Foam Insoles so now I don't forget why I walked into the kitchen.
I like euphemisms in more ways than one.
The Chili in Chile is Chilly...
If everyone lost their ring finger there wouldn't be anyone left.
My girlfriend gave me oral
Everything's a UFO if you're stupid
I've stopped caring what other people think, so I hope everyone is OK with that.
The art of origami started with a carried away eastern stoner who got creative putting papers together to build a spliff.
Keep away from dangerous cults by practicing safe sects.
Don't worry about heaven, it happens to the best of us.
Why does everybody have to generalize?
If I have blurry vision who should I contact?
I stink, therefore I ham.
If theres one thing in life that I can count on, its my fingers.
Confidence looks like arrogance if seen from below.
A Slut nixes sex in Tulsa
Some people think I'm a selfish inconsiderate jerk, but that's their problem.
There are lots of ups and down of being an elevator technitian
Fear is when subconsciously you dont admit a bad thing could happen even though logically you know it could
Do you think mosquitos compete with each other for who can make this human slap himself more without dying?
Rivers be dammed!
With Alzheimer's, at least you get to meet new people each day.
I know a good eye doctor when I see one.
I'm not in an open relationship..
How conceited Gandi's mom must have been to name her son Muh Hawt Ma.
Girls mature faster than guys because men don't usually develop breasts until their mid 40's.
Contractions are not always utilised.
In my dream I was attending a funeral, and suddenly this casket spoke up and asked the casket next to it, "Is that you coffin?"
In my dream I was attending a funeral, and suddenly this casket spoke up and asked the casket next to it, "Is that you coffin?"
When tbe butterflies he made you feel turn out to be irritable bowel syndrome
Good chili is not.
Drunk driving is very whiskey.
When my doctor told me a was getting a little chubby, I was surprised that he noticed it through my jeans.
My proof will be in a bullet, if you don't start to educate yourself.
We're gonna see a blue wave, even if it has to drip from red noses.
We're gonna see a blue wave.... even if it has to drip from red fucking noses.
Went to my girlfriend's home last night and asked for her hand in marriage, but they asked what was wrong with the rest of her.
9 out of 10 people agree that in surveys of 10 people, 1 person always disagrees with the other 9
Meat grown from your own stem cells would be the safest possible form of food.
I went to see a concert performance by the Royal Bermuda Philharmonic Orchestra and half way through the first symphony, the triangle player vanished.
So, I broke a record ...
We asked the victim what his blood type was, but he was so delirious that he kept on telling us to be positive.
Five out of six scientists recommend Russian roulette.
What has three eyes and plays Scrabble?
Early funerals are no good if you are a mourning person.
When my wife left me because of my obsession with Chemistry, that really was Sodium chloride in the wound.
People think reddit is a waste of time, just a big circle jerk, so I say whip it out
If my toilet were a person, it would press charges against me
Dating after 50 is like hunting salami; all the fresh meat had been shot already.
Some women say the way to a man's heart is through his stomach, but I say those women are aiming just a little too high.
Getting decapitated must feel really lonely, because you have no body to spend the rest of your life with
A long bar with plenty of space: the low-key way to stay away from shifty or controlling characters.
Getting decapitated is a once-in-a-lifetime experience.
As a transgender man/woman, I feel people don't understand my son/daughter.
Happy Birthday Bob Hope You have a great day!!!
Trusting a ghost is a grave mistake that will haunt you later in life.
Titanic
The key to clumsiness is often lost.
I could never finish watching The Neverending Story.
Toto is making it rain with that new album.
If I ever saw an amputee hanging from a tree Id start calling out letters
If I ever saw an amputee hanging from a tree, Id start calling out letters.
The problem with the flat earth society is you can see their lies coming from miles away.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
I wonder if gun manuals have a troubleshooting section.
Whats funnier than a joke without a punchline?
It takes a whole village to raise a child, but only one creepy uncle to keep it in therapy for life.
I sold my soul to the devil, but he asked me for a refund
Crosswords are so "tend to frustrate(8)"
When it comes to being a guest, Id rather not have a host of life-threatening conditions.
I couldnt quite remember how to throw a boomerang, but then it came back to me.
I never saw the appeal of having sex with strippers, but then I had an Epiphany.
Diablo Immortal
If I were a function(), would you call me?
Whoever invented the name "acne vulgaris" for severely bad skin, wasn't very subtle about it.
The most expensive thing I own is my lack of impulse control.
Pepsi tastes like soap.
She criticized my apartment, so I knocked her flat.
These corduroy pillows are making headlines.
People often say that my life must be tough living with erectile dysfunction, but it's not so hard.
My family treats me as though Im a god, ignoring my existence until they need something.
Women don't marry men for their money, they divorce men for their money.
My own contribution
The fact that I can't lick my elbows frustrates me to the point that I'm beginning to have suicidal thoughts.
Im really sick of bulimia jokes.
Bless philosophers, they're so thoughtful.
A doctor says to a nurse, "Hey, wanna swab spit?"
Pronouns are often misused in they opinion.
Pregnancy kits - sometimes they're most useful when they're useless.
Reincarnation is making a comeback.
I'm really an introvert, it's just my mouth that's outspoken.
My drug dealer cracks me up
How Long is a Chinese name
Doctors should stop asking if I'm sexual active  there are many active volcanos that haven't gone off in 50 years.
I thought about cutting my sodium intake but I was like, Na.
Dead people lie
Drugs won't get you anywhere, apart from the really good ones, they'll get you everywhere.
I don't like ambiguity, I prefer something else.
I'm so paranoid when I went to a football game and the players got in the huddle I was sure they were talking about me!
Communication was never my strongest weak point.
Oh my goodness, there's a new calendar coming out next year!
I think I should seek help for my multiple personality disorder and so do I.
I never thought I'd lose my job as a psychic.
Being an erectile dysfunction doctor is a dead end job.
If time is money, then are ATMs time machines ?
I really hope pedophiles die in a hole.
-
I'm fine being judged by humans, but not by algorithms.
Sure there have been some injuries and deaths in boxing, but nothing too serious.
you're only a driver when driving, so you're only a killer when killing
Whats the name of the princess from Zelda...
I can't be sure if my new glasses are any good, I think I need another pair of eyes.
I like watching cars exit my driveway, as it turns out.
I've got a mind of my own when it comes to brain transplants.
I wonder if there's another word for synonym.
A hug without u is very toxic.
Welcome to Recluse Club, I can't imagine we'll be seeing many of you again.
"My door is always open" and "Trespassers will be blessed" are synonymous.
When my brother was born the Doctor turned him over and said, "Hey look, Twins!!!"
I once lost $5000 on a horse, she just trotted off with it.
Mixing the letters of "Begone Thot!" gets you "Begotten Ho!"
I can count all the women I've slept with on one hook.
Its okay to misfit, we are not jigsaw.
If one door opens, and another one slams shut; get out, the place is haunted!
I am still waiting to meet a flat earth believer who has lived life on the edge.
You have to question the modus operandi of people who use Latin for no reason.
My company does random urine tests to detect any traces of hope or optimism.
The best cure for sea sickness is to sit under a tree.
Knowing that "nothing will ever be enough" , is enough.
"Spare me a beautiful lie", last words of an honest man.
i always wondered why a male sheep is called a "ram", then it hit me.
Don't we owe more than we own ?
You are never the first &amp; that's in a way comforting.
A 69 is just ate time ate plus a high five.
To make a long story short, she said, "it's a long story".
Investing your money makes a lot of cents.
Real estate on the moon is free, but the air quality sucks.
A horny pirates worst nightmare is a sunken chest with no booty.
I hate people that always need assurance, if you know what I mean.
Im writing a book about WD-40 thats non-friction.
A man was drinking the blood of a vampire and said, Hmm, irony.
The overconfident lion tamer was consumed by his own pride.
When I pleaded to the Nurse that I was invisible she said the Doctor couldn't see me right now.
I'm allowed to be hypocritical, but you're not
I wonder if my balls are gay cuz they like to hang from dick
I haven't exercised since I placed myself in the Fitness Protection Program!
Watches help us to not waste time...
Make the first cut of your birthday cake all the way across. That way you can half your cake and eat it too.
I before E, except after C or in words like Barn and Yarn...
If you masturbate today youll have a happy, hollow ween.
My doctor told me to stop having dinners for four, unless I am with three friends.
tell your mother in law that the law doesnt tell you who your relatives are
Age doesn't matter unless you are cheese.
When I prepare chicken I normally wing it
If jesus came back he would be an illegal immigrant
I pity the fool who is always pitying
My doctor told me to take up an activity that gets me out of the bar, so I've started smoking.
I bought some Dorito swimming trunks and I'm going for a dip later.
It may be the early bird that catches the worm, but it's the 2nd mouse that gets the cheese.
To protect students, teachers will now be armed with 9mm glocks and librarians will be issued silencers.
You and I are like milk and tea coz together wed make a good cuppa.
One of the prongs of my fork broke.
Moonshining during Prohibition was a whisky business.
After my Doctor viewed my Xray he ran out of the room screaming when he saw there was a spooky skeleton man inside me!
I went to order a coke with my lunch, but they only had Pepsi. It was soda-pressing.
The slave trade was a black market
"If I told you you had a nice body, would you hold it against me?"
I suffer from kleptomania, but when it gets bad I take something for it.
Ageism affects over 60 people.
Auctioneers are morbid.
White bears using Viagra is a polarising topic.
Growing up really changes you
My friend is giving away free guitars. No strings attached.
There has not been any 1 minute in my life that nobody died that minute
An omission of mercy.
Gym Update: Not there.
After I had wiskey with my water last night, I had three dogs agreeing with my mama that I shouldn't have come.
I spilt spot remover on my dog, now hes gone
The share button on reddit should be called spreddit
Stupidity and apathy
The NI word is not important enough to be the N word
an anarchist leader rules the unruled
Being good pays off later but evil pays off now.
Good pays off later. Evil pays off now.
People who cant stop buying full length mirrors need to take a good long look at themselves.
If talking about my bulimia makes you uncomfortable, then Im sorry I brought it up.
I may not be the only egomaniac on Reddit, but I'm the only one that matters.
"Old McDonald had a farm!" sang the cheery repossession man.
My wife was complaining about my clothes being on the floor, so I told her that it's a dead Jedi.
The first rule of Thesaurus Club is you don't talk about, mention, speak of, discuss or chat about Thesaurus Club.
I went along to the local Kleptomaniacs Anonymous meeting, but all the seats were taken.
DANGER: DO NOT TOUCH must be the scariest thing to read in Braille.
If laziness were a disability I'd have my own parking spot.
Marathon organizers are really giving us a run for our money
Whoever stole my Ambien: I will not rest until I find you!
I spilt spot remover all over my dog and now he's gone
The best thing about being apathetic is that it's not my problem.
When my Doctor told me I was going deaf I just couldn't comprehend what he was trying to tell me!
I hope the asshole who stole my antidepressants is happy now!
When my Doctor told me I was going deaf I just couldn't comprehend what I was hearing!
Imagine being a tennis ball - people applauding because you got hit really hard.
When two lazy people are playing tennis are there more break points?
I played the Stock Market for a while but then I lost interest.
If 2 people are equal, then if you can only save 1 of their lives you would flip a coin
our ability to fart silently evolved so predators dont notice us, predators like people at work
Its more polite to let out half a fart loudly than a whole fart quietly
People say the economy is bad or there will always be lots of involuntary unemployment but nobody says theres a shortage of things that need doing
The Infinite Monkey Theorem states that a million monkeys banging on a million typewriters will eventually type the complete works of Shakespeare, but thanks to the Internet we know this is not true.
A woman is like a handgrenade; if you remove the ring the house is gone.
I love how babies always look drunk, even after only one beer.
Jesus used to wear a bracelet that said "What Would I Do?"
Being born is an out-of-body experience.
The only b-word Id call my bitch is beautiful
It's a little known historical fact that Hitler hid his Armies in his Sleevies.
People talk about the apocalypse like its the end of the world.
tipping your waiter is renting a butler
My fetish is I need to be in the right lane on the highway to get off.
When you have phonesex, youre sexing everyone who ever sexed that phone
I can spell better than the computer on average so stoop correcting me
The doctor told me to drink two glasses of red wine after a hot bath but I can't even finish drinking the hot bath.
Over 90% of Chinese people have Cataracts, the rest drive Rincolns.
What do you call a joke with two or more sentences? A one liner, apparently.
Just imagine, for a moment, if there were no hypothetical situations.
Keep away from dangerous cults by practicing safe sects.
If I were a medieval knight Im sure that I would have died in glory and by in glory I mean from syphilis.
Shit doesn't "just happen", some asshole is responsible.
I wonder what the odds of me turning up at Gamblers Anonymous tomorrow night are?
Just so everybodys clear, Im going to put my glasses on.
If someone in your Wiccan cult gets pregnant, is that a bun in the coven?
In school, they teach you that there's a vas deferens between the human male and female reproductive system.
It was so cold last night, if the thermometer was an inch longer we would have all frozen to death.
I for one, like Roman numerals.
Gonorrhea would have been a great name for diarrhea medicine
My grandpa told me that Aspirin is the best form of birth control, just have your wife hold it between her knees.
Thousands of people have gone to the bathroom on Mt Everest, but with global warming the ascent has become decidedly more slippery.
My curricculum vitae is free of errors.
My deep sea diving business has gone under.
I was on the median on this, but now I have confidence that the statement dont be average translates to dont be mean
Is a "gag order" a legal type of joke?
Every cigarette you stick up your butthole takes 7 years off your marriage.
I got so drunk the beer was drinking me
support your local hooker at his fish restaurant
debt is a drug they want to get you hooked on
Some people say that the dolphin trainers at Sea World are irresponsible, and that they cause harm on porpoise.
After the new veterinarian accidentally killed all of Barnum and Bailey's circus animals, no one knew what to do about the elephant in the room.
Today, after years of complaining about his joint problems, my uncle is finally out of rehab.
When my wife asked me when I first knew she was a keeper, I told her it was pretty obvious after stopping by to watch her soccer game.
Make sure to use protection when having phone sex. I didn't and now I have hearing aids.
I act nice cuz I'm an actor
Jesus ratted god out about hell
There's no future in becoming a historian.
I really took it personally when this zombie was looking for brains and it walked right by me.
Phones are so expensive nowadays, when you fall and hear a crack, you hope its just your leg.
I dont take out my trash because garbage can
Some mornings, I wake up bitchy, other mornings, I let her sleep.
My brother and I laugh at how competitive we were as kids, but I laugh more.
I was going to write a novel about an ex-con, but I took him out of context.
Nissan used to make a crossover called the "Juke", but now I guess it's gone Rogue.
I got caught stealing a bottle of Viagra...I was given a stiff sentence.
For Halloween, I'm dressing up as something that's scary to every mouth: a ghost pepper.
I don't like telling oneliners, no one ever answers the door when I 'knock knock'
If it weren't for court dates, I wouldn't be dating at all.
I play fantasy football because my father wouldn't let me do fantasy ballet.
I'll live to be a skydiving instructor one day, or die trying.
Magical spirits that live in dirty lamps are unhygeniec.
My neighbors diary says that I have boundary issues.
I'm not as think as you confused I am.
If all 't's were silent, we'd never hear the end of it.
It's quite ironic that, "strap on" backwards, spells, "no parts."
Michael Jackson invented the Moonwalk because it was a great way to get out of kids' bedrooms unheard.
I had really hoped my new Thai girlfriend didn't have a dick this time, but something inside me tells she does.
Scientists have recently discovered a fossilized dinosaur fart, saying it's a blast from the past.
If two rival car dealerships had a shared parking area, they would have a lot in common.
I dont know how to improv so ill have to figure it out at the time
Saying Africans are the only colored people creates a real black and white world.
After accidentally falling into my cloning machine I was beside myself.
Wine improves with age; the older I get the more I like it.
I tried to do the scientific method in court but the same case is illegal to repeat
Body-shaming and body-slamming sound like they could be synonyms, but that would just be adding insult to injury.
How did Jesus stay in such good shape?
A bad analogy is like a bad analogy
Ever since I started my new job as a garbageman, I've really been down in the dumps.
I don't trust new cafes, because they fill me with uncertain tea.
In Iran, everyones scared of spiders, but In Iraq, no phobia.
I tried to visit the inventor of toothpaste's house, but sadly, there was no plaque on it.
The definition of trust...Two Cannibals having oral sex.
I bet Prometheus was actually hoping someone would come to deliver him
When my girlfriend told me she was pregnant, I asked her, "Are you sure it's yours?"
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son of a bitch
Breaking and entering is illegal but breaking to escape is ok
Depending on what a cow believed you might be eating a jew or a muslim
Energy is a hot topic in thermodynamics right now.
What do Hillbillies do for Halloween... Pump-kin.
I'm a vegan, but only when no one else is around; I really don't want to have a beef with anyone.
After finding 5 Mars bars, 3 Snickers, a Kit Kat and a bag of M&amp;M's, I'm starting to think, I'm not cut out to be a Bounty hunter.
Alcohol...because sometimes the truth needs a laxative.
So how many people came here for the naked puppet play, show of hands?
This is literally the funniest /r/oneliner ever to require the word 'hyperbole'.
When they told me that my friend was decapitated I just couldn't wrap my head around it...
Say what you want about eating disorders, theyre effective weight loss diets
Tuesday, November 6 will be a hard day...Erections always are!
If you upload 1,000 pictures on Instagram is it like uploading one picture in Instakilogram?
When the doctor told me that my fingers were broken, it was hard to grasp.
To anyone suffering from paranoia, you are not alone.
Thought for the day...who picks up guide dogs poo?
I called the Tinnitus hotline earlier, but it just kept ringing.
Growing up with a dyslexic father had its advantages, because whenever he caught me swearing, he used to wash my mouth out with soup.
When Sir Roger Moore died, his family was shaken but not stirred.
Simply put a % sign after your age to see how dead you are.
If you object to sex on the television, try moving to the bed instead.
If you're depressed about what's inside your computer, then it's probably best to get it out of your system.
By no stretch am I an injured person.
If you dont have protection you will have lots of issues
An Alcoholic walks out of a bar just past midnight...JKLOL
Bad puns...that's how eye roll.
My math teacher was fired for being late, because he took the rhombus.
You can't outrun a lion getting him lunch
Is there a decent oneliners subreddit that doesn't suffer from endless reposts of the same jokes?
Is there a decent oneliners subreddit that doesnt suffer from endless reposts of the same jokes?
Im gender fluid, but everyday i wake up and im still a straight male.
A dog may well be a man's best friend but a cat will never tell the police where your marijuana is.
The word nun, is just the letter n doing a forward roll.
My boss said he's going to fire everyone with bad posture and I have a hunch it might be me.
I thought the baseball was far, then it hit me.
Next week I'm going to have a mri to find out whether or not I have claustrophobia
Next week in going to have a mri to find out whether or not I have claustrophobia
If you suck at playing the trumpet, that's probably why.
But on the other hand...he wore a glove.
Not counting your chickens before they hatch is reasonable advice, except to pro-lifers.
One time in sex education, my biology teacher slipped on a condom.
Drugs are like teleportation, they take you places.
I pondered why that Frisbee was getting bigger, but then it hit me...
I bought my mother in law a chair for her 50th birthday, but my wife won't let me plug it in.
Yesterday, I took a power nap on a park bench and woke up with $7.30 in change.
all sex is either noncest or incest
an orphan is a double bastard
A train is a good analorgy
Discombobulate is a confusing word.
Just witnessed a freak accident...7 freaks in a van hit 3 freaks in a car.
r/oneliners
I still miss my ex, but my aim is improving.
I'd never name my son after me because I do not believe that all men are created sequels
Yoko Ono translates to one egg.
Witnessing a hearse in the Dairy Queen drive-through during freezing weather always makes me sweat.
If cats had wings, they would still just lay there.
At first, me and my friends shook our fists at the idea of circle-jerking, but eventually we came around.
I've fallen in love with a pencil and we're getting married and I can't wait to introduce my parents to my bride 2B.
I got fired from my job as a taxi driver because it turns out, my customers didn't like it when I tried to go the extra mile.
My neighbors listen to good music, whether they like it or not.
I dont usually brag about my finances, but my credit card company calls me almost every day to tell me my balance is outstanding.
Caved a car door in yesterday after tripping in a narrow walkway with my wood chopping implement in hand.. AxeyDentAlley ofcourse.
I asked the barber to cut my hair like Tom Cruise, so he gave me a cushion to sit on.
Being a tightrope-walker is a pretty good job, on balance.
"Justice," "Hope," and "Charity" are names that certain parents give to children because they don't otherwise get to experience them.
Do people who smoke 'spice' smoke 'pumpkin spice' to be festive?
Barnes and Noble is having some financial issues so they are rebranding as Barnes and Commoner.
I was hitting on an Amish woman. I impressed her by telling her that I had the biggest hole in my sheet.
There is a new DNA testing website for Florida residents, called 23or24andme.com
Widowers have no wife expectancy.
The first french fries werent cooked in France, they were cooked in Greece
My wife ran away with my best friend and I really miss him
Native Americans could totally flip the script if they gave Elizabeth Warren the honorary name of "Running for President".
I can't even count on two hands how many times I've accidentally cut off a finger.
This next song is about subtraction, so take it away boys!
I wonder if my vet's receptionist realizes how many people's passwords she knows?
If you're here for the yodeling lesson, please form an orderly orderly orderly orderly queue.
My girlfriend's run off, taken my tractor and left me a John Deere letter.
Mules are just a half-ass job.
If all the left handed people in the world suddenly disappeared, the world would be all right.
Birth really bring out the child in you.
I take it for granted that I should never take anything for granted
If living in America makes you an American, then living in Charlotte...?
You should hang out with a mushroom. I hear he's a funghi.
Be sure to checkout the new West World spin-off called Midwest World. Where the robots go haywire and attack everyone passive aggressively.
I cant condone the consumption of dairy because I was raised lactose intolerant.
Anything at McDonalds that is intended for adults should be considered a depression meal.
You can tell if olive oil is extra-virgin if it still owns its Pokmon cards.
If a con man sells you dog crap and tells you it will clean your hair, then you just got yourself some... sham poo!
Taking viagra wont change you into James Bond............
Do these protons make my mass look big?
If you're not mentally challenged, you should find a harder challenge
I'm seriously considering a career in comedy.
You'll never catch me breaking and entering.
I wonder if the guy who coined the term "One Hit Wonder" every came up with any other ideas that caught on?
I talk to myself. but increasingly I do not listen.
I have an English degree but I still have to sing the alphabet song to know where letters go.
Imagine being so sexy that you doubt your own sexuality when you look at the mirror and fuck yourself.
Just bought two copies of "How To Solve Half Of Your Problems In One Day."
One should only be responsible for things one has the power to change, unlike the past
This new clock I bought can supposedly speak, but only time will tell.
Last night, I played poker with Tarot cards  got a full house and 4 people died.
It remains to be seen if glass coffins will ever become popular.
I want a lover who goes down on me as often as the ice cream machine at McDonald.
Here are some examples of golden words that cant be repeated:
I used to sneak out of the house to go to parties, now I sneak out of parties to go home.
If criminals had better job training there would be no need to read them their rights.
Im against picketing, but I dont know how to show it.
  ,    .
    :      .
Im not going to commit suicide. I once tried and almost killed myself.
My ex made sure that I would never forget that forgetting my wedding anniversary was the second dumbest thing I ever did.
I'm so straight I won't even masturbate until my hand gets a sex change
My neighbors are listening to great music, whether they like it or not.
People often say "icy" is the easiest word to spell and looking at it now, I see why.
The inventor of the anagram has died, may he "erect a penis."
Apparently, they're not making shortbread any longer.
I've never believed in all that astrology rubbish, but then again we Capricorns have always been a skeptical lot.
If anyone finds a black and white cat that answers to the name "Scream" would they please keep it.
Bill Burr is a pretty cool comedian.
Monica Lewinsky is becoming a Republican because the Democrats left a bad taste in her mouth.
You call it arson, I call it free lance cremation.
I hate fences, lets picket them.
If I had my druthers I'd know what a "druther" is.
A few people hated the one-foot king but most loved their ruler.
Why all the fuss about gay rights, when there must be so many more gay lefts out there?
When I was given the shadow-boxing trophy, I beat the air.
Said Hey Alexa to Siri, shes giving me the silent treatment
I just ordered a chicken &amp; an egg from Amazon, I'll let you know.
Never give up your seat for a lady because that's how I lost my job as a bus driver
My mailman got a sex change, so I guess youd call him a post-man now.
My wife didnt think Id give our daughter a silly name, but I called her Bluff.
If youre questioning your sexuality, you probably arent thinking straight.
In the middle of the battle, I decided to use a knife to preserve my ammo, but all the other paintball players started freaking out though.
Maps aren't hard to find, they're all around us.
The electrician was charged in circuit court with Wire Farad.
Nietzsche is pietzsche.
I wanted to be an archaeologist, but I didn't want my career to be in ruins.
You cant spell Dad without a, D.
Somebody turn up the thermostat! Time is freezing in here!
I knew that I fucked up when my environmental daughter didn't accept the green peas.
Last night it rained cats and dogs and I stepped in a poodle.
If groping your man in the middle of the night doesn't turn him on, maybe doing it in the morning would.
If grouping your man in the middle of the night doesn't turn him on, maybe doing it in the morning would.
If goping your man in the middle of the night doesn't turn him on, doing it in the morning would.
You miss all of the shots that you dont take.  John Wilkes Booth
Sometimes I wish I could find a gig that pays me for self-sabotage, but I just know I'd find a way to fuck it up...
Lots of people think bulldozers aren't entertaining, however I know many that have brought the house down.
Im like a triscut healthy but complicated
Retro is basically fool's old
Being a pole vaulter definitely has its high points
I have a fish underwear and its scented too
I like being a seesaw tester, but I think it has its ups and downs.
My relationship with the scuba instructor didn't work 'cause it wasn't built on solid ground.
I tried dating a girl who worked for a toothbrush factory, but she only gave me oral B.
I met someone online who shares my fetish for urinating on dried fruit and were going to go on a date next week.
I love taking pictures of myself standing next to boiling water, but my doctor says I've got selfie steam issues.
The only thing flat-earthers fear, is sphere itself.
It could be disastrous to speak your mind while you are deep in thought.
A hug without u is toxic
10/10 Great day!
If snowstorms were human, I bet you that they would in-hail a lot more.
If Iceman sits on a water bed, does he melt?
In 2008, 12% of people were affected by out of date news.
If you drive like there's no tomorrow there won't be.
As people grow more alike, their differences diminsh.
A guy asked for a bulletin and somebody shot him.
I liked cutting my own hair but it changes too much.
Bad news for agraphobics; a cure is just around the corner!
Everyone's entitled to my opinion.
There's plenty of fish in the sea, but until I catch one, I'm stuck here just holding my rod.
They're going to put a clock on the leaning tower of Pisa, that way, it'll have both the time and the inclination.
Im desperate to get back with my ex wife, but she thinks Im only after her for my money.
My wife kicked me out because of my terrible Arnold Schwarzenegger impressions, but don't worry, I'll return!
Getting a sex change as a male takes balls
Yea I hate people that answer their own questions?
If you keep your feet firmly on the ground, youll have trouble putting on your pants.
I started a new band called Ceiling and if you like my band, you can be a Ceiling fan!
Brain farts blow my mind
Tragically, I lost sight in one eye; went to the optometrist, and was relieved to find out I still have perfect 20 vision!
So what if I don't know what the word apocalypse means. it's not like it's the end of the world.
How long a minute feels depends upon if the bathroom is occupied or not.
Shakespeare made many plays on words but he had no plays on words.
People are often shocked when they find out I'm not a very good electrician.
Thanos attends Slam Poetry Night
My husband's always bugging me to try anal
My mother never realized the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
Man with authority walks into a bar and orders everyone a round.
I lost my job as a stage designer and I left without making a scene.
Is it true that an apple a day keeps the doctor away or is it one of granny's myths?
I went to a pet shop and put a sign saying 'Chameleon' next to an empty cage.
I have a chicken proof lawn that's impeccable.
If you think about it, we chop down bird houses to make bird houses.
How many hookers does it take to change a President?
It's not who you know that's important, it's how your wife found out.
I lost another audio-book and now I'll never hear the end of it.
"Yes, and..." has a much more popular cousin "I love it, but..."
It was a real wake-up call when I heard from the concierge at my hotel.
Ive been itching to go to the flea market.
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
You can't spell Dad without a
Columbus is the Steve Jobs of discovering America.
Just so everybody's clear, I'm going to put my glasses on.
I would have filled in a complaint form about the stationery shop, but they didn't have a pen.
They say An apple a day keeps the doctor away but its not true because I own an iPhone yet my doctor still contacts me.
No one likes menstrual jokes, period.
Acid I loved coffee shops but she said shed never bean.
I used to play hide and seek with a Boeing pilot, but I wouldn't play with him anymore because he kept hiding in plane sight.
Experience is what you get after you need it.
My dad used to work in a can crushing factory, but he said he had to quit because it was soda pressing
If you hit the brake and the gas pedal at the same time your car takes a screenshot of your windshield.
What the monkey and an orange have in common is they both grow on trees except the monkey
Scientists have proven that anything can sound impressive if you say scientists have proven it.
Jokes about extinction are impossible to find.
Anxiety is a concerning topic.
Any salad can be a Caesar salad if you stab it enough.
I was a fool when I married her, but she was in love and didn't care.
And when I heard the Lord say come fourth, I let three others go ahead of me.
Dogs can't operate an MRI but CATscan
What did the noose say to the depressed guy? "Gimme some head".
I have the memory of an elephant. I remember going to the zoo once, and seeing an elephant.
Sometimes the fastest way to get there is to stop for the night.
You think if I cut off my right buttcheek, would I be left behind?
I wish my alarm clock didn't have a sneeze button.
When they run out of ingredients at the Mountain Dew factory they just have to make Dew with what they've got.
Man, Nostalgia isnt what it used to be.
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea- does that mean that one enjoys it?
Its sad that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as wild dogs.
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
A man showed up for a duel armed only with a pencil and paper, then proceeded to draw his weapon.
When you cross Captain America with the Incredible Hulk, you get a star-spangled Banner.
I hate how funerals are usually at 9am or 10am because Im not a mourning person.
Is it crazy how saying sentences backwards creates backwards sentences saying how crazy it is?
Necrophilia, better late than never
Nor can you book a judge by its cover story, according to Congress
Gender fluid: the wet spot on the mattress after sex...
Pornhub's new 'Camping' category is fucking in tents.
Doctors cant eat apples because if they do theyll never come back.
I know an archaeologist who's so sad, because his career's in ruins.
"The folks who didnt receive the PRESIDENTIAL ALERT happen to be on VirginMobileService.. there were 72 of them."
The angle of the dangle is the direction of the erection.
Next fall Chuck Norris stars as a cowboy who just wont leave people alone in Stalker, Texas Stranger.
Most of Europe is inCEST.
Condoms are for f**king pussies.
Tiffany Trump and I both just received our first text from Donald Trump.
Give a fish to a man and he'll eat for a day, teach a man how to catfish and somebody will pay for it.
When I got home from the grocery store with expired milk for the first time, I thought to myself "why didn't I buy this sooner?"
Aren't futanaris just booby traps?
Ive said it once and Ive said it again
Jesus saves...
A bird's eye view is a sight for soar eyes.
"This is not fair" -Russian who got wrong directions to the fair.
I'm not saying your perfume is too strong; only that the canary was alive when you got here.
A pushup bra is like a bag of chips. You open it up and its half empty.
I just bought one of those real life sex dolls and she is so realistic that she only wants to be friends.
The gender of an ant can be determined by placing it in water; if it sinks: girl ant, if it floats: boy ant.
Do gay men shave with straight razors?
to chemists, alcohol IS a solution
If its worth emulating its worth improving upon
6.30 is the best time on a clock, hands down.
y = mx + b is the real one liner.
Retirement kills more people than hard work ever did.
When the semicolon broke grammar laws, it was given two consecutive sentences.
Foot fetishists never want to win anything, because they like the taste of defeat.
I got a job as an assistant typist, helping with the capital letters, but its just shift work.
I bought a new iPod and Ive call it The Titanic, so now, when I plug it into my laptop, it says, The Titanic is syncing.
It takes multiple steps to go up a staircase
I started working in a stenciling business so I could make a name for myself.
Smashed all the Cheetah Girls, too bad youre stuck with a cheata girl
My car is so dirty it needs a tetanus shot.
Why does nobody seem to know what IDK means?
Enrique Iglesias wouldn't be so popular if he went by his English name...Henry Churches
I was at the Apple store today when it got robbed, so I guess that makes me an iWitness.
I tried to sue the airport for losing my luggage, but I lost my case.
6:30 is the best time on a clock, hands down.
I wanted to marry my English teacher when she got out of jail, but apparently, you cant end a sentence with a proposition.
My date with the psychic didn't go well because she didn't see a future with me.
Timmy! Stop making people re-read stuff by putting question marks at the end of sentences?!
I bought some new shoes and one of then isn't right.
I read that by law you must turn on your headlights when its raining in Sweden but how the fuck am I supposed to know when it is raining in Sweden?
Puns about communism aren't funny unless everyone gets them.
my addiction to looking at calendars has made me very week
People think I'm socially awkward but I'm just pretending to be high on drugs
Scientists have grown human vocal chords in a Petri dish and the results speak for themselves.
My struggle with steroid addiction has only made me stronger.
Im so addicted to having money in the bank, I really do suffer from withdrawals.
I hate it when people say you dont need to drink alcohol to have fun, I mean, you dont need shoes to run, but it sure does help.
Ive just been fired from my job at Pepsi because I tested positive for Coke.
If you steal things from bartenders, you'll end up behind bars.
I wanted to cheat on my Chinese history test but that would be Peking.
Im gonna open a chain of laundromats for Christians only and call it Welcome to the Fold Brother.
Technically, Orion's Belt is a waist of space.
Rolling and undulating terrain is just hilarious.
Maybe rednecks would be more accepting of evolution if scientists would stop calling people homos
I enjoy using the comedic tool of self deprecation - but Im not very good at it
I have CDO. Its like OCD, except that letters are in proper alphabetical order.
These Kavanaugh hearings make me want to get drunk and take a ride in a Ford.
It doesn't matter if you're black, white, or yellow - unless you're a zebra crossing, in which case you need to be all three.
My son is the Hide and Seek champion of the world; that kid will go far.
My wife wept and said we'd considered every optimistic baby name under the sun, but I think there's still Hope.
In my first physics experiment as a kid I learned that the laws of the universe change when you trade your grandpa's dentures for a pet rat.
The French chef told me he will roux the day.
Are there a lot of first-person singular objective pronouns, or is it just me?
Could a person with multiple personalities host a focus group on their own?
Left .my Cologuard on the porch, some kids lit it on fire and rang my doorbell. Yeah I stamped that shit out!
The man who killed Hitler is my personal hero.
I never written a one line on paper before, but I've ridden cruise liners so that's close but no cigar liner, because that's tobacco not paper, what were we talking about though?
I ran out of adult diapers but I can make do without them.
With relationships at this point Im like a Canadian coin...just put me in whatever slot will take me.
My drug mule is bringing me a buttload...literally.
I like my sex like loud music in a bar...I wanna feel it in my stool.
I'd like to get a pig and name him Hammurabi.
I'd go to your 7:00 AM funeral...but I'm not really a mourning person.
Today i have proven that I can sleep really well with only two hours function
Got an app to discourage dick pics, I call it...the penal-izer
Ive recently developed a phobia of elevators, so Im taking steps to avoid them.
I couldnt figure out how to fasten my seat belt, but then, it clicked.
Ive started carrying a gun after an attempted mugging a few years ago and since then, my mugging attempts have been a lot more successful.
When I got an e-mail saying, "At Google Earth we can read maps backwards!", I thought to myself, Thats just spam.
Damn. Ripped my yoga pants... now all I can do is downward hotdog
People always tell me to do more squats at the gym, but bench is more pressing.
My doctor told me there aren't any risks with a colonoscopy but that it's still kind of a crapshoot.
If your kid does not want to take a nap, is he refusing a rest?
Nice catch.
After I lost a fortune on women, booze and gambling, I spent the rest foolishly.
I once met a cyclops named Justin Eyeball.
I just started reading my first ever Braille horror story and I think that something scary is about to happen, I can feel it.
The word diputseromneve may look ridiculous, but backwards, its even more stupid.
Ive had it right up to here with jokes that rely on visual imagery.
Someone ripped some pages out of both ends of my dictionary today, so now, it just goes from bad to worse.
I am the emporer of hyperbole.
Hiring people who can't read classifieds.
Hitler bit off way more than he could Jew.
My brother is a laid back dude but that might be because he is in a coma
Holding on to thoughts are hard almost like theyre intangible
Going forward, I'm gonna start referring to jerking off as a "protein shake."
I don't care about your sexual preference, just shut up and die quietly.
There's no way I'm a dismissive person.
shots are like pairs of chromosomes, if you have more than 23 of them, you are probably going to be retarded...
The bigger tour companies laughed at Comedy Cruises' one liner.
What age is it appropriate to tell a highway theyre adopted?
Dont you hate it when people answer their own questions?
I tried having a conversation with a guy who had his left leg and arm amputated, but it seemed very one sided.
Writing a book. What a novel idea!
One stick figure says the other, just lay down, youll be OK
Do Christian klansmen sing "Amazing Race"?
When I say I couldn't date someone that cuts themselves, I mean no harm.
If Apple made a car, it wouldn't have Windows
If Apple made a car, it wouldn't have Windows
"Woah, this is a great roller coaster!" said the mite on the camel.
Bad tasting wine and alcohol aren't things we should wine about
Bad tasting wine and alcohol aren't things we should wine about
-
I think he was going for ironic but then it rained so it came out rustic.
If Spiderman was Korean... What would his name be??
Heck is a place you go if you don't believe in Gosh.
I'd tell you my joke about construction, but it's a work in progress.
If you don't like people making jokes at your expense, you probably should not have bought a comedy club.
I hate cocaine... I just like the smell of it
I am fed up with my anorexia
I saw a man at the beach yelling "Help, Shark!", but I knew that shark wasn't going to help him.
People that tease my vagina are patronising cunts.
Wrote a joke about elitism but you're not good enough to hear it.
The thing about Alzheimers is.
The only thing flat earthers have to fear
I don't discriminate against anyone that's exactly the way I want them to be.
outside of work most people live by it doesnt matter what you say as long as you enjoy moving your mouth
What does illiteracy even mean?
the word "plethora" means a lot to me
In a thousand or so years, archaeologists are going to dig up tanning beds and think we cooked people as punishment.
My friend was driving along when said that he needed some gas, so I offered him a swig of my Coca-Cola.
There aren't many right ambidextrous people left.
If I win the lotto I'll pay off my debt; the rest will just have to wait.
As a bowling pin, I personally don't like humans, they just strike me as a shitty species.
I went on a positive thinking course: it was shit.
False information affects 1 in 17 people.
We used to laugh when my hillbilly uncle would threaten to "boil our teeth", or to "make soup from our bones", but the we stopped abruptly after he tanned my aunt's hide.
Phase one of my tree heist is starting to take root
Phase one of my tree heist is starting to take root and phase two is finishing root collection.
I almost died; my life flashed before my eyes and I was bored
To stay fit I'm running out of money.
I always thought mourning wood was the first time you got en erection after the miscarriage.
God must hate the boxer who got a broken neck
Gray hair is the human body's equivalent of low toner.
How do blind people read audiobooks without braille?
Have I already told you my Alzheimer's joke?
The crooked Egyptian businessman was well known for his pyramid scheme.
I hate people who give bad massages. They rub me the wrong way
I value my own value as the good in itself.
After watching The Shape of Water, I am second guessing what mobsters mean when they say that someone sleeps with the fishes.
Both partial Jews and full Jews are Jewish.
The whole revolves around the hole
Weed growers are in high demand.
I have a phobia of elevators, so I take steps to avoid them.
Did you hear about the fire at the gummy bear factory? It was haribo.
It's bad out there - we have people dying who have never done so before.
My teacher got mad at me for getting high at school, so I jumped down off the desk.
A doe walks out of the woods and says, "that's the last time I do that for two bucks."
$2
I don't trust stairs... they always look like they're up to something.
Generally feeling quite positive about my level of cynicism
69% of people can find something dirty in every sentence.
I didn't plan to go for a run today, but those cops came out of nowhere.
Richard was extremely tired of seeing people sucking on him.
Suicide is illegal for slaves cuz thats destruction of property
with great power comes people want you to have great responsibility
anyone who cracks down on crime is a cracker
I had a dream I was watching inception
I put my shoes on this morning and within five minutes I was super dizzy. Almost passed out. I think they were laced with something.
Is anyone else having trouble uploading nudes to Christian Mingle?
It's ok laundry, no one's doing me either.
When someone tells me I look familiar, I tell them, "I do porn."
...but you can halve your cake and eat it in two
People spitting and cattle shitting seem the same to me!
Being gay is a pain in the ass
My wife told me: Sex is better on holiday. That wasnt a nice postcard to receive.
-
Stevie Wonder
So it turns out that 'harder' was a bad choice of safeword.
My therapist said I should stop referring to myself as garbage, but I REFUSE.
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it's perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants, but he's still making fun of me.
They say "Never judge a man til you walk a mile in his shoes," but really it's fine to do that; because at that point you're a mile away from him AND you've got his shoes.
list of 16 of my one-liners
...Crazy I was crazy once, the put me in a round room and told me to sit in the corner, there was no corner it drove me crazy....
I went to the docs with hearing problems. He said ''can you describe the symptoms?''. I said ''yeah, Homer's a fat bloke and Marge has blue hair!''
Somebody just gave me a free air guitar... no strings attached
...this guy keeps saying that he's telling the truth, but i know that i'm not accidentally looping my sentences, so I have no idea why...
I said to the gym instructor: Can you teach me to do the splits? He said: How flexible are you? I said: I cant make Tuesdays.
To the man on crutches dressed in camouflage who stole my wallet: you can hide but you cant run!
Everyone takes good care of their health after they've damaged it beyond repair.
Slut jokes are whoreable!
I guess Iron Man without his suit really would be Stark naked.
In the name of national security, I think only a woman should have the nuclear launch codes. I also think those codes should be their number of sexual partners, that way they are NEVER giving up the real numbers.
The reason rugby players are not welcome in Chinese restaurants is because they always complain that the chopsticks are too crunchy.
A goose egg is good for nothing
My teacher said Id do much better at school if I stopped flirting I immediately got off his lap
Is my girlfriend dissatisfied with my body? ... A small part of me says yes
People say that weightlifters aren't opinionated, but I strongly disagree.
I gave a speech about blowjobs, but I thought it was a bit d-motivating.
Cassettes had a side A and side B.
Did I already tell you my Alzheimers joke?
Statues made of red liquid from humans are bloody impressive.
When I learnt how to tell the difference between sea mammals, it gave me a whole new sense of porpoise.
Just read an article about tunnels and subway construction, it was really boring
I bought a spotlight, but I still have blackheads.
All generalizations are bad
Nature is a beatiful lady when you play in her, but if you play with her, she's a bitch.
If god had meant man to travel he would have given man cab money
Only a true friend will go downtown to get 2 blowjobs, then come back and give you one.
The advantage of simple origami is two fold
I'm not against insects, but I have hard time keeping these god damn chiggers off my lawn.
Per capita, just about everyone has no idea what a 'capita' is.
Keeping a spare roll of toilet paper in the bathroom has saved my ass.
I'm not chicken, but everytime I walk past KFC I get the goosebumps.
My anger management class pisses me off.
I have to smile when I hear someone say cheese.
I will be posting telepathically today. So if you think of something funny, that was me.
It's quite catastrophic that the word "catastrophic" is only one letter away from containing a trophy.
Dyslexic fonts can be found on a veranda.
I drink to drown my sorrows, but they are amazing swimmers.
Geography majors are all over the map.
I'm too drunk to taste this wild turkey.
When actors enter the White House, the White House enters the act.
When actors enter the White House, the Whit House enters the act.
My dream job is to be a Mirror Inspector, because its a job I could really see myself doing.
4:04am - motivation to wake up not found.
I can tell if people are judgmental just by looking at them
The flesh-pots of the yeast?
If it stings while you pee, then urine trouble
The average person is mean
We might as well refer to soccer referees as the Pain Police.
Crushing pop cans is soda pressing.
Waking up is the second hardest thing in the morning.
What was the chameleons excuse for ending up in jail?
I tried to make love to an entire orchestra, but I only got to second bass.
I'd give my left nut to be a woman.
There is no I in denial.
Went to my financial advisor the other day. Shits so bad hes like buddy you need a time machine
A butt load of something really isnt that much.
I get so confused when I see a car with Hawaii plates, like, did you manage to drive here?.
Satan told me take over the world and I said, "what you think I've been trying to do this whole time I've been alive, smoke weed and listen to billy joel?"
When someone says " 9 out of 10 forest fires are started by humans", all I here is, "There is a bear out there that knows how to use matches."
Reading US news these days, it is almost like America was built on thousands of native burial grounds
I spilled spot remover on my dog; now he's gone.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
Natural ambigrams are doodoopoop.
Combined with Warren Buffett my net worth is $87 billion.
Electricians have to strip to make ends meet.
Short tempered
If it wasn't for her organ donor, she might never have learned to play a musical instrument
Only Robinson Crusoe had everything done by Friday
I loved carving wood when I was a whittle boy.
R2D2 holds the record for most bleeped out swear words in a movie ever
The worst and best kind of addiction is dependency on someone.
If every house had solar panels would it not use up the sun?
In other news, Mike Tyson was forced to install windshield wipers on the inside of his car because he couldn't thop talking to himthelf.
I'm probably the most humble guy you'll ever meet.
I feel like everyone loves me, but nobody likes me.
Me and my stepbrother are very cool with each other, he's like a brother from another mother to me!
My mom always said I'm living proof that most accidents happen close to home, to which my father would add: "behind the dumpster by The Pig and Whistle."
I've never tried foreplay with a blindfold, only a woman.
It takes a special kind of dick to see a deformity doctor.
Today I found my first grey pubic hair, which usually wouldnt have bothered me, but it was in my egg McMuffin.
If you think about Isaac Newtons What Comes Up Must Come Down predicted 9/11
I was in a race today although the policeman called it resisting arrest.
We describe women as hysterical, what do you think about referring to men having a melt down as testerical?
You are proof that evolution CAN go in reverse.
Yes is like credit, No is like cash.
I used to fit bras for a living - it was very uplifting.
You know what keeps me up nights? Insomnia.
First coffee, second coffee, tird.
Can software engineers identify as non-binary?
At what age is it appropriate to tell my dog that he's adopted?
I havent done my laundry in a while, but i'll get it sorted out.
As an executioner, I hung a lot of people that were squares. Now I'd like to hang around.
Irony is when you write 'Save trees' on a piece of paper.
How much wood would a nun nunchuck if a nun would nunchuck wood?
Tesla stocks aren't the only thing taking a hit this week.
When two vegans are fighting each other, is it still considered 'beef'?
Drunk me would really appreciate a light switch on the floor.
My new job as a crane operator has been very uplifting.
Two wrongs dont make a right, but three lefts do.
My wife left, I just dont think thats right.
Most of old age isn't a death sentence, just the very end.
I wish I'd copyrighted plagiarism
A rose by any other name just confuses people.
What is the Moonlight Sonata's day job?
My dad used to say that any idiot could become president, but I thought he was just joking.
Most objects in fictional movies are nonfiction
As a child I was made to walk the plank because we couldn't afford a dog.
Irony is the opposite of wrinkly.
If you hire a rapist on a prisoner, the police will probably let it slide like they do with most prison rape, cuz the owner of the prison doesnt want to admit it happened
My schizophrenic friend told me that he has it from the highest authority that I'm going to be okay.
My thermometer goes from 0 to 60 very quickly in hot areas.
I want my tombstone to say "It didn't make me stronger."
You'll know it's going to be a bad year when you say "Hey Google" and your phone replies with, "Shut up, I'm busy!"
Inaction is the opposite of in action.
I tried to use my penis as a paintbrush but it was too hard.
You got to hand it to blind prostitutes.
Looks like for Burt Reynold's it's a wrap.
I fell down an up escalator, I fell for like 30 mins.
Whats worse than ants in your pants? Uncles lmao
(When I was in England) I lent out my flat and became flatulent.
Well be closer to true equality when someone will pay ten bucks to see my tits.
A group of kids is called a migraine
I met a girl yesterday who lost her father on 9/11, so I've started looking for him. The things I'll do to get laid.
Im so forgetful that when I DO remember something
Not all that runs through your head is thoughts, sometimes it's lice.
I wrote a 2000 page book called "Instant Gratification".
You could win a race against a dolphin, but it defeats the porpoise.
Did you hear that theyre not making yardsticks any longer?
I'm looking for a new vacuum cleaner. My one is just gathering dust.
I won best newcomer at the British Porn Awards last night
Counting in binary goes from 0-100 real quick.
Love is like a fart: If you have to force it its probably shit.
I'm here to self deprecate and chew bubble gum, and I forgot to bring gum because I'm the worst.
If McDonalds sold hot dogs, could you order (with a straight face) a McWeiner &amp; tell them to super size it?
An egg salad sandwich is just a chicken salad sandwich that is really underdone.
Guys who get a huge inheritance have huge willpower
I tried contemplating infinity, but it was taking forever!
Everything is okay in moderation, except things that kill you the first time.
You can't plant flowers if you haven't botany.
I'm really excited about this new modular clothing system I ordered online. The pouch and pocket packages have been arriving for the last few days, but the vest has yet to come.
I asked god for a miracle, so he gave me Stigmata...
Condoms are for fucking pussies.
If you think brain tomography is a good idea, you should have your head examined.
How do billboards communicate?
I got fired from my job as a taxi driver because it turns out my customers didn't like it when I tried to go the extra mile.
Driving a golf cart isnt as easy as it looks, but Ive finally got it down to a tee.
Midwife for sale, can deliver.
Driving a golf buggy isnt as easy as it looks, but Ive finally got it down to a tee.
Parades are trick-or-treating for lazy kids.
The animals were singing we gotta get out of this place at the zoo today.
In order to have a murder of crows, there must be probable caws.
If you fight a dinosaur, youll probably get jurasskicked.
Ones birth is anothers death anniversary
These zits are really getting under my skin
I use to be really offended by the cartoon Mr Magoo, because the whole thing is making fun of blind people, but then I realized that they would never have to see it.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you could weigh a newborn baby.
When I was a kid, my parents moved a lot, but I always found them.
Sexual assault is a touchy subject
Blind people hate skydiving because it scares the hell out of their dogs.
If praying worked, it would be banned in sports as a kind of cheating
If actors brake a leg, do pornstars bust a nut?
I have a very heavy necklace, maybe this doesn't concern you, but I felt like I need to get it out of my chest.
Im sorry about what I said; half of you guys are not a bunch of idiots.
Is it just me, or are there more people?
Whoever gave the toaster its name should have called it a tanning bread.
Vaccinating your kids isnt pointless. Needles are sharp!
I was at Barnes and Nobles reading a copy of The Book Thief, and I became so inspired I stole it.
I feel like we should stop talking about how many words the Inuit language has for "snow", given how many words the English language has for "idiot".
Sometimes I call my mum as "Ma'am" thereby preserving the balance of the universe
In Harry Potter, I can't tell which names are made up and which ones are just British.
curiosity killed the cat, which is why nasa doesnt send any more on their mars missions.
If you can't parody what you hate, your hate has consumed you
I saw some little people playing miniature golf, and it just became golf.
Being in the vacuum of outer space must be a breathtaking experience.
Hindus suck at YOLO.
The dismissive sea captain was sailing at quite the rate of nots.
On Fridays during lent, I think it is ok for Catholics to eat mermaids.
If Wonder Woman used her own yeast to bake bread, it would be wonder bread.
A woman can never ask her brother for help, because there is no way he can be a brother and assist her too.
My girlfriend kicked me out of the house because of my bad Arnold Schwarzenegger impression but don't worry, I will return.
A novel way to learn to read is to read novels.
Yesterday someone were talking about a scary story on r/nosleep, to which I replied I have reddit
I don't like to judge people that are cheaper than me.
Do lactose intolerant gluten-free vegans go to all-you-can't-eat buffets?
War does not determine who is right, but who is left
Red light means stop, green light means go, black light means remember to do a better job cleaning up after you jack off...
Your YouTube channel sucks, the only way youre going viral online is if you contract something during a casting couch interview.....
If you really want to be your own orthodontist, you better brace yourself.
I live for vitality.
I'm offering $10,000 to anyone who can write to me with a claim before I post this
When the boss says we should work together as a team we better do as he says.
Just to keep things straight, use a spirit level.
Absinthe makes the mind go wander.
My sexual orientation is south because Im always going down all over the globe...
Those who can, do. Those who can't, doodoo. And everyone is a flushing critic!
When it comes to jokes, those who can, do. Those who can't, poo-poo.
Those who can, do. Those who can't, doodoo.
My friend David had his ID stolen the other day, so now we just call him Dav.
Im driving through England, and Im supposed to be in Greenwich tomorrow, but Im not sure what to do in the Mean Time.
5 bullies other numbers from 0 to 10 because he's mean
I call my dog "DNA" because, helix.
Last but not least, Slimmest of The Month is a depressing contest.
My thoughts on height restrictions are limited.
A Freudian slip is when you mean one thing but say your mother.
If it seems as though God is drunk, it's time for a divine intervention.
His gut was punctuated because when they removed part of his large intestine he was left with a semicolon.
Many dogs work in bomb disposal but not retrievers.
Then there was the insomiac, atheist, dyslexic, who lay awake all night wondering if there was a dog.
I was told to be the change I want to see in the world, so I wore a giant seven cent coin costume.
Without a doubt, my favorite Robin Williams movie is Mrs. Fire.
Who decided to call it "marijuana possession" and not "joint custody?"
I was attacked by a group of mimes and they did unspeakable things to me.
I always thought minute rice was just really, really, small.
Holding in my bowel movement for 3 straight days is my crowning achievement.
I wasn't crazy about my short hair, but now it's growing on me.
People say I should be in investments, but I've no interest.
In regards to the birth control debate, condoms are for fucking pussies
In regards to birth control, condoms are for fucking pussies
privacy is the root of all evil, but isnt evil great
I havent seen boobs in so long they are just a distant mammary
Tinnitus sounds dirty to me
A woman drove me to drink and I hadn't the decency to thank her
no power plant owner can be christian without looking for hell's practically free energy
To the thief who stole my clock, I hope you do time
BREAKING NEWS: TORNADO HITS CEMETERY - HUNDREDS FOUND DEAD.
It doesn't mean much to be important; the most important person at a funeral is dead.
My friend told me Onions was the only thing that could make someone cry, so I threw a coconut at his face
I only play the beginning of games. It builds character
If Snoop Dogg dies before pot becomes legal in the US, he'll be rolling in his grave.
I got an e-mail saying, "At Google Earth, we can read maps backwards!" and I thought, Thats just spam.
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction, so I packed up my stuff and right.
god loves you but thinks you'd be better off worshiping someone else
I used to go to the furniture store a lot more when I was younger but I havent been in about 2 years because Ive had 0 interest for 24 months.
As an atheist I always offer to drive my friends home from church because driving under the influence isnt safe
Ever since I bought a car with a Chrome bumper, Google follows me everywhere.
Being born is like skipping the character customization screen and directly starting the game.
I always find myself correcting grammar... Her memory isn't what it once was.
I only let my kids play the intro's to computer games,its character building.
Foolish people with halitosis seem to talk through their arse a lot.
Im not worried about the government taking away all my guns, Ill just use a hammer or knife to overthrow them. The nra said those are just as deadly as guns...
Granted smoking is bad, but who wants to die with healthy lungs anyway?
Its turtles all the way down so you never land so you are in perpetual motion
Scientists have been studying the effect of cannabis on sea birds and theyve left no tern unstoned.
I think its best to wear two different deodorants, one for each armpit, but thats just my two scents.
When my grandfather was a baker in the army, he always went in wih all buns glazing.
You can jump out of a plane without a parachute but only once
If she says no the proposal went off without a hitch
My mom's texts are so much more fun after my sister told her that WTF means "Wow, That's Fantastic."
The tighter the pants, the louder the fart.
What do you mean it's not spelled bonified?
I'd say your worst trait is that you always think I'm judging you.
Bathrooms are really going places these days.
Our boss just banned overly-specific nicknames and the whole office is staring at Rat Snitch Brian The Good Time Ruiner.
I have had a bad memory for as long as I can remember.
Every time I lose at fencing, I'm foiled again.
Both you and most murderers have never killed anyone on a friday, and with that in common you are a little more like a murderer
Remember to service your car once every Australian Prime Minister.
If you want to learn how to rave, it can be taught with Es.
After hearing nobody will be held anywhere for their will for their beliefs, the child ran out of math class yelling 2+2=3 or whatever I want it to be
After hearing nobody will be held anywhere for their will for their beliefs, the child ran out of school yelling im free you cant imprison me
I was gonna tell a time travelling joke but you guys didn't like it
Always remember to the change the oil in your time machine once every 6 months or 3,000 years.
Always remember to the change the oil in your time machine on every 6 months or 3,000 years.
Biographies can be a life-changing experience.
Two wrongs don't make a right but two Wrights make an airplane.
I cant stand loitering.
Why are the pictures square if the lens is round?
Littering wouldn't be such a massive issue if it had been picked up sooner.
Mortality is a grave concern.
You know you're getting old when bending over is a one-way trip.
There is two types of people I hate the most; the ones that hate others, and the hypocrites.
Quicksand is a gripping topic.
My dog, Boomerang, ran away yesterday, but I got the feeling that he's gonna come back.
Orphans will never have the luxury of homeschooling.
I often project my faults onto other people, but then so does everybody.
The truth about ruining origami is unfolding.
The overly cautious are careful not to waste their fear.
I dig it
"I see," said the blind carpenter as he picked up his hammer and saw.
Digital technology beats manual dexterity, hands down
Jury duty is not for the peerless
Justice is a blindfolded woman; injustice is a bitch
The relationship i have with my Friend with Benefits is built on thrust.
"Androgyny" is hard to define.
Welcome to Androgynous FM...
Frigid men don't give a fuck.
Move to an abandoned neighborhood to make "keeping up with the Joneses" less stressful
I have so many grudges I want to let go of, but they're not dying fast enough.
I would die without hyperbole
Frigid women don't give a fuck.
I was going to make a oneliner, but this one's got a period in it.
We should feel bad about our personal carbon footprint.
Alerted boss I was out with a stomach bug, apologized for any incontinence it might cause the team in advance.
I wish the very first word I ever said was Quote, so that way, right before I die, I could say, End quote.
I really wanted to excel at basketball, above all else.
Nobody likes sweeping statements.
A Flat-Earther tried to prove his theory by walking to the edge of the Earth. In the end, he came around.
META: if theres a period in your title, its a two liner!
I'm sure wherever my father is, he's looking down on us:- he's not dead, just very condescending.
Say no to negativity.
I lasted 15 minutes in my new job as a postman before i got the sack....
Apparently I snore so loudly that it scares everyone in the car I'm driving.
I have a library worth 5000 $ and it consists of 6 of my college textbooks.
Past, Present, and Future walked into a bar. It was tense.
I got in touch with my inner self today. That's the last time I'm buying 1-ply toilet paper
Cloning is an exact science.
If Apple made a car, would it have Windows?
Breaking News: Buzzfeed writers fired in the wake of large scale lack of articles written yesterday.
Male prostitutes are hard up for cash.
I took a survey at every house on my street and found that absolutely nobody was homeless
I was going to wear my camouflage jacket today but I couldnt find it.
Chimney jokes... I have a stack of them.
Remember, because of synonyms "Forgive me Father for I have sinned," and "Sorry Daddy, I've been naughty," are the same sentence.
Thats the thing about blind prostitutes, you gotta hand it to em.....
With porn, I like to watch until the very end. That way, I'm coming to a conclusion.
every food is cannibal food depending who is eating it
My career as a western film impersonator is starting to Wayne.
I took out a loan to pay for an exorcism. If I dont pay it back, Im going to get repossessed
Living is a waiting list for dying
His dying wish was to be remembered as the man who never died.
If The Empire Strikes Back was so good, why havent they made The Empire Strikes Back 2 yet?
all fights either stop or eventually become cripple fights
The man who killed everyone on earth was forgiven by the whole global population
Hats off to hairdressers.
I regret buying my chastity belt, it's the most unsatisfying purchase I've ever made.
I bought my soul back from the devil for twice what I sold it, working for 1 cent per hour in hell so I dont believe anyone will be there forever
the devil sells souls back for twice what he paid cuz thats just good business
Taxi drivers need to know their place.
A blind man walks into a bar.
I'm no expert, but I think it's called 'Alcoholics Anonymous' because everyone there forget their name.
I was born to be an infant.
My family decided to take a picture in the middle of the night. At least our teeth were visible.
I hate it when people try to force their opinion onto YOU SHOULD REALLY START BELIEVING IN GOD.
How do you annoy an pedant?
My aunt has an antibody!
The best way to increase your fortune is to add to it.
The most inconsequential job title I ever held was: 90-Day Temporary Substitute Mailhandler.
The expression "when shit hits the fan" must have a very interesting origin.
For the 624th time, yes, I like counting.
A picture worth is downgraded to 1 word when it's on the dictionary.
Chastity belts are a waste of money; trust me, if you buy one you will feel unsatisfied.
I went into a mirror shop and thought and I can see my self with one of those
Ive just written a song about tortillas; actually, its more of a rap.
After spending years in prison for having sex with reindeers I was let out, then I went home and got buck naked.
Insignificant bald people are neither here nor hair.
Yoko Ono's full name is Yoko Or Nearest Offer.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking.
Have you heard of the Baader Meinhof phenomenon before?
Doctor, I think I'm a hypochondriac.
You know what really bugs me about flea markets?
When i misplace something important i get diarrhea; then i really lose my shit.
I was washing my car with a friend, until he said cant you just use a sponge?
I got my best friend a fridge for his birthday, I cant wait to see his face light up when he opens it.
I saw a job ad for a virtual reality programmer and I was like, why don't you want a real one?
My brother and I disagree about who's taller, but we see eye to eye on everything else.
The Queen's a sly one. You can't turn your back on her!
Family members stopped by to pay their R-E-S-P-E-C-T to the late Aretha Franklin
There's a special place in hell for entitled people
Abstinence makes the church grow fondlers.
My brother asked if I could pass him some silverware, so I told him to go fork himself.
Name your knife "kindness" and then kill them with kindness.
I never got say goodbye to my dad, who was a roofer. So dad, if youre up there...
Earthquakes would be less dramatic if some cities were covered in Jell-o
My Groucho Marx impersonation is close but no cigar.
If there's a cemetery for mayflies, I imagine it's crowded.
Misogyny is when men talk about women the same way women talk about other women.
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender: Why the long face?
If I could have dinner with anyone in history, dead, or alive, I believe I would choose alive.
With great reflexes comes great response ability.
what did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two.....
Pain is temporary ; GPA is forever.
All you can do is to try. If you fail you can always catch an exception.
They say make up sex is the best which is lucky, because all my sex is made up.
An imaginary color is just a pigment of your imagination.
A man showed up for a duel armed only with a pencil and paper, then, he proceeded to draw his weapon.
I asked my surgeon if I could give it a try, so she said, "Suture self."
You can't beat a gold medallist.
I won't lose any sleep over my new mattress.
A colonoscopy is a pain in the ass.
I used to snort mirrors, horrible habit. I eventually realized I needed to take time to reflect
Masturbation is hands down one of the greatest discoveries in my life.
Trump thinks Shinzo Abe is a relative of Abe Lincoln.
Seven ate nine.
I don't know why my blind friend keeps complaining that he can't see, he's 6 " 7 and clearly isn't obstructed by anything
I have an addiction on ingesting air, I literally can't live without it
I would make a chemistry joke but all the good ones Argon.
She criticized my apartment, so I knocked her flat.
I asked my anesthetist if I could give it a try, so she told me to knock myself out.
Did irony predate the Iron Age?
I before E except after C has been disproven by science
I bought an alcoholic ginger beer
You said this thread was no good, but it seams fine.
My niece was singing the alphabet and stopped at x. She didnt know why.
I started a joke about procastination, but I finish it tomorrow.
German bathtubs are bad, and German poetry is verse, but German sausage is the wurst.
I am definitely going to take a class in time management ... just as soon as I can work it into my schedule
Hard to tell if people are interested in joining my Sarcastic Club or not
There's two types of people in this world, one is able to draw conclusions from incomplete information.
We started off trying to set up a small anarchist community, but people wouldn't obey the rules
I love red, it gets people moving faster, Especially surgeons.
This is the fecund time you've gotten me pregnant.
I really want to learn patience, and fast.
When I asked the doctor if I could administer my own anesthetic, he said, Go ahead. Knock yourself out.
My friends fruit and vegetable business has gone into liquidation as he now sells smoothies.
To the guy who stole my antidepressants, I hope youre happy.
A new study reveals that listening to a Queen album might be bad for your health because of the unusually high Mercury content.
He asked, Dad, are we pyromaniacs?, so I replied, Yes, we arson.
A hurricane is just full blown wind.
I drew a picture of a jail. In other words, I put pen to paper.
I drew a pictue of a jail. In otherwords I put pen to paper.
The easiest Halloween costume is being a brain in a vat.
90% of people are idiots, so I'm glad I'm in the other 20%
Sexual pleaure is the incentive for making babies not for blowjobs
You know what Ive always said about cliffhangers
I invented a new word..
Testosterone and estrogen are genderfluid
It's true, I really dislike dried grapes, but that doesn't make me a Raisinist.
I know its not very PC to say it ,but i quite like Macbook's.
Gaining 5 pounds is a piece of cake for me.
I went to bed to a cock and woke up, ate a cock.
Heading towards waterfalls is a current problem.
I nevet wanted to be an astronaut until I realized I need some space
Palestine: the struggle is real.
Baby carrots aka Trump chodes
Getting brain surgery soon but really I don't mind it
Somehow I just can't get hungry at a place called the Terminal Snack bar
Don't mind my friend Black Knight, he's completely armless.
I fail CAPTCHAs so many times, Im starting to think I might be a robot.
I could never picture myself as a photographer.
If homosexuality causes fires, then why didnt any of the Catholic Churches where little boys were diddled burn down?
I'm an archaeologist and my life is in ruins
Should a mythical king dig a hole? He Midas well.
I refused to donate my Korean coins because that money was hard won.
I fail CAPTCHAs so many times Im starting to think I might be a robot.
Customer service asked if I was content. I said "No I'm customer."
Actors always have places to go and people to be.
I usually meet my girlfriend at 12:59 because I like that one-to-one time
The easiest time to add insult to injury is when youre signing somebodys cast
Its amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper
my friend just explained to me the meaning of the word 'plethora'... you know, it really means alot.
My cousin really loved to chase female deer until one day he got sucked up by a tornado(e)
Whoever Jason is, he must be a really popular figure in the calendar industry.
My boyfriend and I are made for eachother: he thinks I'm cute when I don't have my glasses on, and I think he's cute when I don't have my glasses on.
A public transportation fetishist got off at a bus stop.
Waiting for summer to be over is really anticlimatic.
A public transportation fetishist got off off at bus stop.
My new bathing suit is so big I'm literally swimming in it
You can tell a lot about a person by walking around them in circles while speaking.
I was serving drinks at the bar when I thought to myself, "This isn't your typical tennis practice."
My uncle had nerves of steel, he died in a thunderstorm.
21 [M4F] Looking for someone who's willing to lick food off my body. Dinner's on me.
Be yourself, but act like someone who has a better personality than you.
Im so broke, I'm like a mexican condom.
I've been on Reddit for a while but I still haven't finished a book.
Everyone I meet says I'm pretty attractive, but I never send them my own pictures
I waited to see someone at the bank but they left me alone.
Looking at Medusa makes me hard.
Breaking News: Nothing exciting happened today!
Crazy cat ladies put the paws in menopause
9/11 conspiracy theorists don't beat around the Bush.
Donald Trump is like tentacle porn, I have no desire for it but I can't look away either.
Words with more than two syllables confuse me
a friend of mine did dumb stuff to be famous on facebook , I am not impressed by the likes of him .
I love kids because they cannot hit back hard as hard as I can.
Flies have a shitty existence.
A man put his dick in peanut butter, he was fucking nuts.
Back in my day, blowing a tranny was car trouble.
It takes a lot of balls to golf the way I do.
My friends tell me I got blackout drunk, but I don't remember it happening like that
If you think brain surgery sounds fun and exciting you should probably have your head examined.
Jesus is on Twitter, but unfortunately he's only got twelve followers...
Don't use shampoo or any product that has the word "sham" in it.
I am optimistic that my friend will come out of the surgery , not sure about the patient .
An army veteran rolls into alcoholics anonymous.
What is a letter that begins with a "w"
Constipation isnt everything its built up to be.
A car's weakest part is the nut holding the steering wheel.
When Jesus ascended to Heaven and met God, he was beside himself!
If you work for someone else, you're a businessman... but if you work for yourself, you're a business, man!
I impressed my mute friend last Friday, he was speechless
When the kettle realised that it contained boiling water, it was steaming.
I've never seen a book in my life, but I have read about them
Art can make you Monet
When I worked in my fabric shop I was always preoccupied with writing jokes; sadly in the end, a lot of people stole my material.
When she says shes into ass play, but she really means donkey shows...
I got my DNA test result back and it shows I am related to the earliest humans on Earth.
After 4 pegs, the man suddenly said, "Our business is our business...none of your business"........nobody understood what was happening to him and then he whispered, "I drank so much that I am feeling daisy".
I tried to give my waiter a tip, but for some reason he didn't want my advice
I impressed my mute friend last Friday, he had no words to say
The earliest humans were just called "what's-his-name".
My wife told me I was immature and needed to grow up, so guess whos not allowed in my tree house anymore.
My parents always tell me their world doesnt revolve around me, so I guess that means Im not actually their sun.
My job circumcising elephants doesnt pay much, but the tips are huge.
I had a pun about insanity, but then I lost it.
My wife said she's leaving me because Im too impatient and to be perfectly honest, I just cant wait.
Children that wear full body armour are unbeatable.
Nothing tops a plain pizza.
When it comes to massage parlors, some customers are a handful.
I thought vampires were really cool but they actually suck
Llamas are just less moody camels.
Trump has so much shit coming out of his mouth, that when he give's Putin head, it counts as anal.
Holy smokes, the church is on fire!
Today at the zoo I learned that an octopus actually isn't a rare birth defect.
I saw a two-sided argument between a couple of ambidextrous men.
When the kidnapper said he'd never let me get Stockholm syndrome, I knew we were going to be best friends.
Nothing tops a plain pizza.
I nearly cried when my doctor told me I have low levels of testosterone in my body.
My there be champagne for my real friends and real pain for my sham friends.
Before she became Madonna, she was pre-Madonna
Definitive, can you define that?
Gift ideas from a stoner are highly recommended
Shoutout to the guy yelling "howzat".
If I was the owner of a retail store, I'd put the searchlights in the darkest part of the shop.
If d,o,v,e is dove, l,o,v,e is love, g,l,o,v,e is glove, s,t,o,v,e is stove and c,l,o,v,e is clove, then why m,o,v,e is not muv?
Why all days end with y?
If two vegans argue, is it still considered a beef?
Proctologists give a shit.
The Golden Age of Urination
I just saw some idiot at the gym put a water bottle in the Pringles holder on the treadmill.
Apparently, "Felonies" aren't the joints between the thigh and the lower leg of a man.
My astrologer was a Cancer, which made it kind of ironic when he died from being eaten by a giant crab
I saw a crash at a Formula 1 and the driver's helmet flew through the air, which must make it harder to piss now.
A 12 dick smells like a foot.
I dont fuck clowns cause it feels funny.
I got a second job at McDonalds to make McEnds meat.
I winced when the doctor pulled the needle out; I still don't know how it got up my anus.
I bought a microscope for my girlfriend; she really ought to gain weight or something.
Is gender fluid sticky?
If 30% of road fatalities are caused by drunk drivers, that means 70% are caused by sober drivers...
I stole this joke, but I don't know why, it's not very good.
To the guy that stole my antidepressants, I hope youre happy now
I read a lot of books as a kid, but my favorite was Old Yeller. Couldn't put it down!
cryonics is funded by pedophiles who plan to freeze kids until they're adults
Do Priests consider font size before baptism?
The faster you drive somewhere, the less time you have to get in a car accident.
If a butcher ground a chuck roast, he would have ground up-chuck.
Boobytrap backwards is Partyboob
Im not fully Jew, Im Jewish.
To the shitsack that stole my antidepressants, I hope that you are happy now
I'll take "inflation" for 500 billion dollars, Alex.
A Professional Limbo dancer walks into a bar.
2 wrongs dont make a right but when 2 people simultaneously rape eachother they both consented to sex
Girl, are you Demi Lovato's spoon? Cause you are hot.
The guys at Alcoholics Anonymous need a more balanced lifestyle.
Umbrellas are just tentative ellas.
Any therapist is a sex therapist if you know what youre doing...
Saw a guy in costume walking down the street, and I'm all like, "Dis guise crazy!"
If an animal gets some feed back, they eat it.
Halloween is just an excuse for wights to celebrate.
Child Psychologists hear the most touching stories.
Why don't witches wear panties? Better grip on the broom.
I asked Alexa to play me some sexy music for me, so she put on the soundtrack to Home Alone.
Your nails are getting out of hand.
Runners that exceed their personal bests are ahead of their time.
This is legit.
If "money talks" then mine must have a speech impediment.
Some people believe that graffiti won't be banned, but in my eyes the writing is on the wall.
Bones aren't funny, but they are humerus
At the end of a long difficult day of parenting it's good to know that you can look forward to a long difficult night of parenting.
I can't stand sitting
Dated a severely overweight woman once, it's fair to say we never really got anywhere
Always wanted a boat until I realized they weren't all on sale
A group of introverts is called a paradox.
Why isnt mild retardation called Watered Downs Syndrome?
Did you hear about the big sale at the paddle store? It was quite the oar deal.
Jails dont recycle cuz they are the trash can for people
I've been kept in the dark about how long I'll be faking my funeral for.
If a woman ever asks if I have tattoos I say 'Yes, I do, but they're so realistic that you can't even see them', that way I have both opinions covered.
When someone tells me to stop acting like a flamingo, thats when I put my foot down.
I love Jamaican interior designers to decor.
It only costs 1 cent to get into our local aquarium, as long as youre camping or dressed as a dolphin, so for all in tents and porpoises, its free.
Now that its been proven that dogs can sniff out cancer, does that mean the end of the cat scan?
I used to say that sex with my girlfriend was average, but I was just being mean.
Anything's a highway to hell if you drive fast enough..
My friend just threw her watch in the trash, so I guess she had time to waste.
Knew a guy who would drink every night just to see the moon shine
I tried fixing my old clock the other day but it grinded my gears so much things just got out of hand
I was going to play Fortnight, but I decided to put it off for a couple of weeks.
You know some days it's real difficult to remember I have amnesia
This guy tried to get me to invest in his window tinting company, but it seemed a little too shady.
When people ask what my sign is I have a puff of a cigarette and reply "cancer"
My New Year's resolution for 2035 is to not think too far ahead.
People that get plastic surgery are unreal.
Feral children host the wildest parties.
Bet you cant spell PNEUMONOULTRAMICROSCOPICSILICOVOLCANOCONIOSIS.......... (Looks left...) Crap.
Alright, so two baby seals walk into a club...
There's no topping less caloric cakes.
Treadmills really keep me going.
Any seasoned diplomat will tell you that picking a fight with Australia is a didgeridon't.
How the hell am I supposed to get a boa constrictor??
If I save my calf meat from tasting horrible, am I revealing it?
"Don't Stop Me Now" isn't the best song to be blaring when you're driving near a police car.
Most onomatopoeia jokes aren't worth a tweet tweet.
My girlfriend has a thing for hairy chests, but I keep saying that it doesn't suit her.
I once dated a girl who had a tattoo of a seashell on her inner thigh. When you put your ear up to it, you could smell the ocean.
conjunctivitis.com - Now that's a sight for sore eyes!
Drugs must be terrifying if you're scared of heights.
I had a fear of speed bumps, but I'm slowly getting over them
In a fit of irony, he had to suck it up and buy a wider pair of pants.
I wish I'd stop thinking that Satan's hiding in a ditch waiting for me, but I just can't hell pit.
If a pig loses its voice does it become disgruntled?
If you ask me whether I'm noncommittal I'd say yes and no.
Replacing car wheels gets pretty tiring
I was gonna go to med school in Egypt, but then I learned that Cairo Practors aren't real doctors.
I have no idea if I am very smart or very stupid. The evidence on both sides of the argument is overwhelming.
dont do the crime and get caught if you cant do the time
I met Medusa once... She completely objectified me.
I dont even like cocaine. I just like the way it smells.
While youve been riding an emotional roller coaster, Ive been bouncing on a stoic trampoline.
While youve riding an emotional rollercoaster, Ive been bouncing on a stoic trampoline.
When I first heard about Roe v. Wade, I thought people were arguing over ways to navigate water.
There's more than one way to skin a cat, but you should probably wear an apron for them all.
My wife offered me two kyack paddles and asked me "which one do you want?"
Over $500 for new glasses, didn't see that coming.
If you count every hotdog eaten outside of sporting events, you are probably Autistic
You've got to hand it to a blind prostitute.
You will find a lot of well wishers around a wishing well
A blind girl once told me I had the biggest cock she'd ever felt, I said "you're pulling my leg"
Sometimes I dont appreciate how diverse America is. We have so many different kinds of racists.
There are less dolphins than I anticipated on the tv show Desert Flippers.
My memory foam pillow also forgot to wish my wife a happy birthday.
If I were a medieval knight, Im certain I would have died with honor, and by with honor I mean from syphilis.
I went in for a brain x-ray, but they didn't find anything.
Id like to teach a class on self-sabotage, but Id probably just screw it up.
Im not very good at self-deprecation.
I wonder if Huey, Duey and Louie were rhyming triplets.
No matter how much eye contact you make with a blindfold, it won't make you feel comfortable.
I'm skeptical of anyone who tells me they do yoga every day, that's a bit of a stretch.
Recently I've been losing sleep at night trying to figure out who stole my bed.
My wife told me to pick up some dishwasher liquid, so I got her a bottle of wine.
I'm not unhygienic at all, in fact, I always wipe my skids away after I do a poo in the bath.
The accomplice to the carpool lane violator got off scot free.
Marriage is an organised rape Rape is forced divorce
Not to brag, but I dont need alcohol to send texts I regret.
Pedophiles have a minor addiction.
Since everyone knows you're more likely to be struck by lightning than to win a lottery, tickets are now sold on the roof of skyscrapers
Ebt users are one d away from debt
4D printers are yesterday's technology.
I set up a meeting for an impotence club once, but nobody came.
Get rich while finding love at mesothelioma support groups
I really can't synthesize with people that are made angry about electronic music.
Someone stole a package off my front porch, fortunately it was a mail bomb so everything worked out...
I was in a lingerie shop I said: "Are these knickers satin?"
Girls who really like horses stereotypically have a hard time finding a stable relationship.
Don't get me wrong, I love a good one-liner but puns are a joke.
This new clock must be chicken-proof. It has impeckable timing.
My friend told me he had to be at the doctor's for 2:30, I said screw the doctor you need a dentist
Despite the high cost of living, it still remains popular
"Who are you trying to impress?"
Its nice to be important but its more important to be nice.
I love water so much that I don't want it to be around me while I'm drunk.
Roses are red, violets are blue, trees are brown and so is poo.
My first experience of culture shock was when I peed on an electric fence
i took the shell of my racing snail trying to speed it up. if anything, it made him more sluggish.
I offered my grandmother a fiver for a ride on her stair lift.
whenever i hear a song about "live for today, don't worry about tomorrow" i call bullshit right away because why did they record it then?
I'm the best at sex so you're going to have to come after me
My job as a drug dealer is looking dodgy.
almost every disease is a STD since you can catch it while rubbing on someone naked
Why is "dyslexia" so hard to spell?
[Not even a title]
Pampered child gives stinky diapers
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
PMS should just be called ovary-acting.
Pampered cows produce spoiled milk.
Dwarfs and midgets have very little in common.
A dog may well be a man's best friend but a cat will never tell the police where your marijuana is.
My wife insisted that I do the laundry; when I brought it back, she got her panties in a knot.
Old MacDonald was the first Equal Employment Opportunist.
The couples at the backyard sex party last night were really swinging for the fence.
I dont see any point in drystone walls..
hello reverend that was a godundamning talk today
to get everyone out of hell, the most holy word should be godundamnit
Someone painted the number five on my car. I thought... "That's odd."
Many guys feel awkward having a small penis but I manage to pull it off
You can really tell how perverted someone is by the knickers they're wearing.
There are tons of things I find fascinating in cemeteries, but I really dig graves.
if sex was a sport, id be in the special Olympics.
Girl, did you ride the short bus?
I was attacked by a group of mimes and they did unspeakable things to me.
Without a doubt, my favorite Robin Williams movie is Mrs Fire.
A truck loaded with Vicks VapoRub has crashed and overturned on the highway and police are saying that there will be no congestion for at least twenty four hours.
Is it true that an apple a day keeps the doctor away or is it just one of Granny's myths?
My younger brother is an example of what can happen to people who get involved in drugs, an Audi Q7 and his own house by the age of 20.
I went to a pet shop and put a sign saying 'Chameleon' next to an empty cage.
I have a chicken proof lawn that's impeccable.
My wife and I decided to make our own sex tape, but she suddenly got all pissed off when I started to hold auditions for her part.
I once fancied this really shy prisoner, and after a while he came out of his cell.
If you want to know how to reduce the blood supply in one part of the body, please raise your arm.
one liner
I don't know what's lower, your standard of living, or your IQ.
Im bisectual, I like splitting people in half...
I guess the orange was discovered before the carrot.
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
Working in a mirror factory is something I can totally see myself doing.
Did you know that skydiving without a parachute is a once in a lifetime experience?
Mitch Hedberg.
one liner
All flat earthers come around at some point.
Atheist flat earther
Those new house cleaning robots are sweeping the nation.
I had to break up with my cross-eyed girlfriend because apparently, she was seeing someone else on the side.
I could never cheat in a relationship, because that would require two people to find me attractive.
Im seriously thinking about re-marrying my ex-wife, but Im pretty sure shell figure out Im just after my money.
Intelligence is the first thing I look for in a woman, because if she doesnt have that, I may just have a chance.
Five out of six scientists agree that Russian Roulette is safe.
Most people save money when they join the Army, but it cost me an arm and a leg.
I wonder what 'etymology' used to mean.
Life is rough for a toad on the road.
when all else fails, just make all else 2
Confucius say man with hole in pocket feel cocky all day.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
I thought this was a love seat, but it turned out to be a casting couch...
I can write in my notebooks all day, but a sketchbook is where I draw the line.
I used to work as a clairvoyant, but I couldn't see any future in it.
Studying for a drug test did not have the effect I hoped it would.
My psychiatrist recommends I travel around in a caravan for a while. It's a Roma therapy.
I tried to explain how important my love of physics is to my ex-girlfriend, but she just didn't understand the gravity of the situation.
Paddington bear is just a reverse furry
I got a Pizza that without cheese,pepperoni,crust,base,pizza box. FML
Someone ripped some pages out of both ends of my dictionary today so now, it just goes from bad to worse.
A woman walks into a bar and asks for a double entendre, so the bartender gives her one.
When my mom asked me to hand out invitations for my brothers surprise birthday party, thats when I realized he was the favorite twin.
When my wife found out that Ive replaced our bed with a trampoline she really hit the roof.
A book just fell on my head but Ive only got my shelf to blame.
I'm too tired to shower today, no hobo
It's a dog eat dog world, except in Korea.
I couldn't afford a 50 inch TV ,so i bought a small tv and a big magnifying glass
They say the universe is expanding, but I can see us getting closer.
Beached whales are like the astronauts of the sea.
Never buy a suicidal person a Mustang.
"Fleeting" is what a Jamaica calls having an itchy head.
Get rich while making friends by attending mesothelioma support groups
I ate a whole ball of yarn, I shit you knot.
Follow gods example that if you know about a murder, keep your mouth shut.
Confucious says.. man who go through airport terminal sideways.. going to Bangkok.
Reality is what you can get away with.
kill time before it kills you, its only self defense.
When my girlfriend said she'd like me to be the receiver at a bukkake party it hit me like a ton of dicks.
They say I'm paranoid, but They also killed JFK, blew up the World Trade Centers and hired aliens to build the pyramids, SO WHO DO YOU REALLY TRUST?!
A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
The Early Bird gets the Worm. So, if you are the Worm, sleep in.
Im not passive aggressive, unlike some people.
An attractive woman took a seat next to me at a bar last night and brought it to a table of friends.
I went shopping for cherries and microphones yesterday and bought a bing, bought a boom.
The Little Mermaid wears seashells because she outgrew her B shells.
My neighbors are listening to great music whether they like it or not.
To paraphrase Otto von Bismarck, nobody wants to know how the sausage is measured.
Ive never seen a juice box, but I hear they pack a punch.
Call me crazy, but I don't trust those drunks down at Guinness to be keeping track of the world's records.
Would it kill people to stop asking ironic, morbid, rhetorical questions?
I think Korn, Meatloaf, and The Black Eyed Peas should all play a show together, then at the end Cake can come out and play for dessert.
I've been a vegetarian - not a vegan (yet) - for five months, and I gotta say it really works, after only two days I already felt like I'm better than everyone else.
Apparently, someone has been shot with a starter pistol at the athletics track, leaving Police think it was race related.
A door is not a door when it's ajar.
On the sunny side of the street, its a little bit warmer.
Im just itching to tell you about my allergies.
Pennies are a dime a dozen.
Im not indecisive, unless you want me to be.
Maria was very popular off-planet, she had that air about her.
I double majored in English and Philosophy and now I realize life is an "f"-in lie.
I heard the wonderful news about the soccer team rescued from the cave, and Googled "thai boys happy ending".
I've got the i of the tger.
All I said was don't buy underwear at Costco, you don't have to get your panties in a bunch.
I was recently treated as a cancer patient, I don't have cancer, but my doctor prefers horoscopes instead of stethoscopes.
Aren't you that girl who works at the grocery store, always checking me out?
If I had a dollar for every time somebody exaggerated one of these jokes I would literally have like a billion dollars
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer, I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day.
When push comes to shove, I enjoy bondage.
Sexy spiders scare the pants off me.
Everything Richard does is a dick move.
If you choose a white eraser over a pink one, you're eracist.
Im about as bored as an amish electrician.
To communicate with a fish, just drop it a line.
Waldo always wears stripes because he doesnt want to be spotted.
Numbers not divisible by 2 are really odd.
Spoilers
Now that the Wild Boars are all safe, Thailand maintains its reputation of happy endings.
Do you think Mike Tyson uses a George Forman grill?
That was a cry for help, and all I got was a couple of up votes.
You can't say happiness without saying penis #nsfw
Diarrhea annoys the shit out of me.
Paperclips, the staple for people with commitment issues.
I never drive on back roads after smoking marijuana, because it's not the high way.
My favourite word is soliloquy, but I'd never tell anyone else that.
I can't think of any fish jokes, but if you do, let minnow.
Slept like a log last night. . . Woke up with my head in the fireplace.
When the apple fell on Newtons head, why didnt he call it iGravity?
I was going to submit a joke about carpentry, but I didn't think it wood work.
When you're bad at sex, it's just fucking awful.
A family of cannibals invited me over for dinner, but I got caught in traffic, so I was a little late. They gave me the cold shoulder.
Thats a nice ham youve got there and itd be a shame if someone put an s at the front, and an e at the end.
Words cannot express how limited my vocabulary is.
The word diputseromneve may look ridiculous, but backwards, its even more stupid.
The overconfident lion tamer was consumed by his own pride.
Have you ever noticed the irony behind hyphenated and non-hyphenated?
I had to give up my vegetarian diet because it turns out theyre a lot harder to catch than cows.
Dont you hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious?
I can totally keep secrets, its the people I tell them to who cant.
Blindly guessing your floor in a skyscraper is just wrong on so many levels.
Last night, I dreamt I was a ball-point pen. When I woke up, I was fine.
If you were conceived by accident, does that make your death accidental?
i saw an animal eat a watch the other day, it looked like it was time consuming
Word on the street is, this is a bus-only lane.
Why do blind people walk their dogs so much?
I have two arms, but I also have forearms.
I just misspelled "Armagaddon" ...but I guess it's not the end of the world
I'm great at being patient, I just can't do it for very long.
The leper hockey game ended with a face off in the corner.
When the Pillsbury Dough Boy bends over, you can see doughnuts.
I hope Death is a woman, that way, it will never come for me.
Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like a banana.
Face is a four letter word, but preface is a foreword letter.
A cynic is someone who...eh, but who isn't!
My gf said; im pretty sure gambling is bad fo you - I said; wanna bet?
Playing tennis here against a Bob Marley impersonator, its only the first set but it's already one love.
My girlfriend admitted I was not the only one, but she rarely goes below a seven.
I know I should just get over it, but my fears about cannibals are eating me alive and making my blood boil.
When my date said she wouldn't date anyone that was colourblind that was a massive green flag.
My dentist gave me a cavity search, and after that he started looking for stuff in my butt.
Sometimes i buy TuPacs of gum
The whole world should be worried that North Korea has a missile that can hit New York, because if it can make it there, it can make it anywhere.
My wife was furious at me for kicking dropped ice-cubes under the refrigerator, but now its just water under the fridge.
Are there a lot of first-person singular objective pronouns, or is it just me?
I would tell you a joke about bread, But you dont knead to hear it.
Interesting fact: if you read my CV word by word, I'm unemployable.
I'm so gullible, my girlfriend told me she got a job at a cathouse and I thought it was a pet store.
I thought there'd be a few ways to get into the joke store but it turned out to be a one-liner.
I thought there'd be a few ways to get into the comedy club but it turned out to be a one-liner.
I knew from day 1 that I was obsessed with diaries.
I'm not being obtuse, but you're acute girl.
I'm fed up to the back tooth with my dentist.
The difference between a hippo and a Zippo is that ones really heavy, the others a little lighter.
I bought a dog off a blacksmith today and as soon as I got it home, it made a bolt for the door.
I tried to convert my dad to a different type of diet but he's a tough gluten-free cookie.
After giving up on my dream of working in marine conservation, I lived my life with less porpoise.
When I asked a monk about the thoughts he had while meditating, he said he was trying hard to remember one.
Since I joined the army, much of my life has been in a mess.
My doctor says he is operating a clinic for impotence, but he says I can't come.
I asked this librarian to have coffee with me this afternoon, but she said she was booked
Ive decided to sell my Hoover  it was just collecting dust...
Is working on an oil rig a boring job?
Poor 100 metre judges give me a rough time.
When the doctor said my deformity was like nobody else's I was grinning from ear to ears.
Telling everyone at the fancy dress party that I love a certain type of relish has really got me into a pickle.
My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance; well see about that....
I've won the Lazy Award twelve years not running.
To cure your starvation, all you need to do is maintain your diet.
When I asked my French friend if she likes to play video games, she said, Wii.
The pig left the party early because everyone thought he was a boar.
I wish my time-traveling girlfriend would stop living in the past.
Without nipples, boobs would be pointless.
Went to a meating last week, the place was full of butchers.
Virgin jokes are painfully bad.
The pyramids were built, not by slaves, but in cities where it was illegal to walk downhill
if you pretend to be a terrorist with blood dripping from your machinegun you're really good at halloween
free speech just pay shipping
terrorists put dihydrogen monoxide into the water supply
If Im ever choking on steak, Ill let you beat the meat out of me.
I don't mean to be offensive, but I really love all stereotypes; boomboxes are my favorite.
The new prisoner was loud and obnoxious but his cellmate was able to rectify the problem.
Somebody in the USA has no clue that today will be his last day with 10 fingers.
Kama sutra has fucking rules!
The best way to carve wood is whittle by whittle.
A joke friend told me about the 4th of July...
I couldn't stand to be without my legs.
Im gonna go stand outside- If anyone asks, Im outstanding
I've forgotten all my boomerang jokes, but I'm sure they'll come back to me.
I have no words to describe how much I hate reading a thesaurus
I'm counting the days until I get a calendar
You think gay British dudes call their sex toys their arse-enal?
Justice is a dish best served cold, because, if it were served warm, it would be justwater.
Seven out of ten people are caused by accident.
My local bowling alley is closed due to a strike.
A friend of mine just told me she's got swelling on her ass, legs and boobs and I thought, whoa, too much inflammation!
Lost my job as a sign writer today because, apparently, "psychotherapist" is just one word.
The sarcastic chicken crossed the road to get to the other snide.
My wife gave such a brilliant talk on womens reproductive cycle, she got a standing ovulation.
All quarterback tests are pass or fail.
Anyone know any good one liners
I went on a positive thinking course. It was shit.
If I had a crystal ball I'd sit down very carefully.
Staying up all night throwing dices is often Risky behavior.
I don't like cocaine.
The best way to curry favor with some one is to bring them Indian food.
I cant stand when I have to poop.
I want no part in this food fight, Ive still got a chip on my shoulder from the last one.
Have you heard the joke they dont tell gay people?
I can kill someone with just 1 finger cuz they cant grab anything
was about to rent an apartment the other day, but after seeing it underneath a full moon, turns out it was a warehouse
Are there any one legged waitresses at IHOP?
I saw a sign that said, "Watch for children" and I thought, "That sounds like a fair trade!"
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it's perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants, but he's still making fun of me.
Sleep is my drug, my bed is my dealer and my alarm clock is the police.
god save me from your followers
I'm not talking to you - I'm letting you eavesdrop
My pet hate's being poked in the eye. My pet hates being poked in the eye too.
My superiority complex is vegan too.
Went into a hardware shop and bought a coat made of bricks.
Ignorance of the law, no wait, ignorance of enough books to crush an elephant is no excuse
My dog keeps telling me I'm hearing voices.
A noose is probably the chillest of knots, since it's always ready to hang
If your phone auto corrects "fuck" to "duck," it's okay to keep it...It's still fowl language.
I failed as a ladder salesman; I just couldn't seem to get a leg up in the biz.
I heard that marble counter-tops are going on strike because theyre tired of being taken for granite
Thanks for explaining the word many to me, it means a lot.
I can't tell you how long I've been in this clock repair shop for.
Second hand glow sticks are nothing to rave about.
The Devil Just Bought a Brand-new Penthouse in Heaven... There goes your old good neighborhood
I like my women like I like my tower 7. Going down on me for no reason. That's an inside joke 9 out of 11 people won't get.
When women are killed its a tragedy worse than when men are killed cuz it creates sausage parties
The Do Not Call List is like putting up a sign that says here's my wallet I left in my car please dont steal it thats illegal
My son met a girl at boxing club, but I don't think they'll Everlast.
Paedophiles that like illegitimate children are fucking bastards.
I bought a fake hard drive, and I didn't like it - not one bit.
All the bad shapes should be sent to prism
The reason why we never see hippos hiding in trees; is because they're very good at it.
Ripping up cash is a tearable offense.
Asked if he needed any help with his luggage while checking into the hotel, the photon responded, "No, I'm traveling light."
I have two places I could tie off my one boat. It's quite the paradox.
My wife says I'm good with a mop, but I'm just getting my feet wet.
Old people at weddings started poking me, saying, "You're next", so i started doing the same rhing to them at funerals.
My wife dropped her epilepsy medicine in the washing machine so her clothes dont fit anymore.
My wife said she is leaving me because Im too arrogant, so I told her to close the door on the way back in.
I went along to the local Kleptomaniacs Anonymous meeting, but all the seats were taken.
"If you go down, I'll go down with you." - Rubber Dinghy
I named my dog 8 miles so I can tell people that I walk 8 miles every single day.
Whoever said technology would replace all paper obviously hasnt tried wiping their but with an iPad.
This morning I made my hamster an extra strong espresso coffee and crushed some caffeine pills up in his food because I'd hate for him to fall asleep at the wheel.
I can't get my wife to either spit or swallow, but last night, with the help of a straw, I finally got her to succumb.
Not to brag or anything, but I can turn ice into water JUST by staring at it. It takes a while though..
To spell Panda, You just need P and A
Slaves should go to college, to pick up their master's degree.
It isn't sexist to discriminate against transgenders.
Is it ignorance or apathy? Hey, I don't know and I don't really care
No one I ask seems to be able to tell me what idk stands for.
I'm taking it easy today; I accidentally did cardio last night when the ice cream truck drove by my house as I was trying to unload groceries from my car.
I don't understand the relevance of the last four letters in the queue.
My uncle just took the time out of his day to explain the definition of 'many' to me... It means a lot
I went fishing the other day and caught hepatitis c
My girlfriend was complaining last night that I never listen to her, or something like that.
It's not peer pressure, it's just your turn.
A man walks into a bar with a roll of tarmac under his arm and says, "Pint please and one for the road."
Masturbation always leads to sex because it's a gateway tug.
I'm taking Viagra for a sunburn. It doesn't cure it but it does keep the sheets off my legs.
These Energizer energy tablets are very hard to swallow.
The Energizer batteries I swallowed arent giving me much energy..
Am I missing a trick or are magicians overrated?
Someone tell me what "deceit" is - I'm asking for (not) a friend.
"I'm sorry" and "I apologize" generally mean the same thing, except at funerals.
If you run in front of a car you'll get tired...But if you run behind the car you'll get exhausted
My friend was so dumb as a kid he tried to climb mountain dew and now has diabetes
This blonde stuck lipstick in her ear because she was trying to make up her mind
After a bug splats on the windshield, my Granpa would say, "he'll never have the guts to try that again."
The chicken crossed the road because KFC is across the street from my home.
I lived in an apartment where sauron was just one moredoor down from me.
Skeletons never fight because they don't have the guts.
Scientists say the universe is made up of protons, neutrons and electrons, but they forgot to mention morons.
Whose cruel idea was it for the word "lisp" to have an "s" in it?
I'm so good at sleeping, that I can do it with my eyes closed.
If women ruled the world, there would be no wars, just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.
Marriage is like a violin, after all the beautiful music is over, the strings are still attached.
Root canals are unnerving.
EVERY morning I get hit by the same bicycle. It's a vicious cycle
Modern cults are always trying to keep up with the Joneses.
My recliner and I go way back
I'm not really in to K-Pop, or as the Midwesterners call it; K-Soda.
People say Im defensive but its totally not true so just shut up.
I keep trying to find symbolism in everything- what could this mean?
Hanging out under trees is a real shady thing to do.
My family was so poor that birds threw breadcrumbs at our window.
My canary makes all sorts of promises but then talk is cheap
Aeroplanes aren't my favourite form of transport, but they're up there.
What's a "translator"?
Putting a model in a sauna is a pretty hot idea.
A three-legged dog walks into a saloon in the Old West, slides up to the bar and says, ''I'm looking for the man who shot my paw!"
Never make an arm wrestling bet with a man that has been single for longer than 6 months.
A big shout out to sidewalks, "Thanks for keeping me off the streets."
If a quiz is quizzical, then what does that make a test?
Reading a book is the cheapest way to get Paper View.
I get LIVID when I forget how to write 51, 6, and 500 in Roman numerals.
the needle factory gave drug addicts free clean needles to keep them safe but they got freaked out by the factory sharing needles
menstruation starts with men
After the apiarist practical exam she felt really bee-tried.
I used to be a circumciser but I missed and got the sack.
Deaf people don't have safe words. They have stop signs.
Roses are red, violets are blue, Im a solipsist
No matter how far you push the envelope, it will still be stationary.
Did I have type A blood or was it a type O
Thanks to heroin I'm now addicted to needles.
My girlfriend broke up with me today because she say's I'm crazy and I'm starting to regret all the effort I put into protecting her from the king of the potato people.
Elephants and cola both come in litres
I just took a dump so big I looked in the bowl and thought I saw a politician.
The same people who allow millions to die in the third world by inaction, you are alive because thousands of them each chose not to kill you
I'm so poor, I can't even pay attention.
Stephen Hawkins was so paranoid. Always looking over his shoulder..
Alright boys, we have a drummer, a guitarist, a vocalist, a witty band name and a garage to practice in - now we just need some actual talent.
Anything is a boomerang if you throw it straight up and it comes down
There's some great architecture where I live.
Thought I'd come here to tell you how well my driving exam is going.
Spring season is gone, so I put my trampoline away.
These disgusting Dyson Airblade urinals blow urine everywhere the only good part is you can dry your hands in them at the end.
Converse shoes are my arch nemesis.
Anyone who goes to a psychiatrist ought to have his head examined
Being a child isn't easy; it takes years to become one.
My wife says i never complete anythi
If my girlfriend ever says I lack creativity in the bedroom, I'll ask her to locate one of my wank socks.
During Vietnam I was stationed in Poontang, crawled my way out through blood to get out.
I hate plastic wrap, it's tear-able
Blind man walks into a bar, and a table, and a stool..
The only convenient part about these Dyson Airblade urinals is you can at least dry your hands in them at the end
I'm currently on chapter 257 of my novel about unnecessary stoppages.
I'm currently on chapter 257 on my novel about unnecessary stoppages.
The doctor gave me some medical marijuana, then I went home and had some medical popcorn and medical nachos.
The doctor's gave me some medical marijuana, then I went home and had some medical popcorn and medical nachos.
I tried some medical marijuana, then I went home and had some medical popcorn and medical nachos.
Tailgating probably isn't my favourite topic in the world, but it's not far behind.
This new girl I'm dating is obsessed with her vagina; she keeps telling me she likes her own space.
The word "cyclops" should be spelt "cycliops" so that it has one "I".
My friend David lost his i.d.. Now we just call him Dav.
If good dare not dare devils, then evil can evil.
The Norwegian navy has started putting bar codes on their ships so they can scan da navy in.
Parallel lines have so much in common, but its a shame theyll never meet.
My wife told me I was immature and needed to grow up, so guess whos not allowed in my tree house anymore!?
My parents always tell me their world doesnt revolve around me, so I guess that means Im not actually their sun.
My job circumcising elephants doesnt pay much, but the tips are huge.
I had a pun about insanity, but then I lost it.
schrodingers immigrant is a person who lays around all day living off welfare while simultaneously stealing your job
It's important to remind cities that have been decimated by earthquakes that it's not their fault.
I think its important for cities that have been decimated by earthquakes to remember that it's not their fault.
Inside jokes are totally tonkatrocious.
My wife and I split up over my use of horoscope jokes -- in the end, it Taurus apart.
My buddy dared me to fart into my trombone, but I didn't want to toot my own horn.
Flatulence is exhausting
Have you heard about these chimney sales?
Wechsler Abbr. Scale of Intel.
I got a job building Egyptian tombs, but it turned out to be a pyramid scheme.
I told a ventriloquist to talk to the hand.
I'm not sure how to keep my kid from eating the box of "Mr Yuck" stickers.
If you lose one sense, your other senses are enhanced and this is why people with no sense of humor, have a heightened sense of self-importance.
The bird in my class didn't study for the pop quiz, so I just told him to wing it.
Sex between two people is a wonderful thing, between three it's terrific.
You want to build a tailoring machine that you can use on your own? Suit yourself then...
I don't mean to brag, but I thought Kanye West was an idiot BEFORE he started supporting Trump.
I once wanted to move to Finland, but I'm Fininsh with that idea.
you want to have me over for a spit roast dinner? ... fuckin disgusting mate.
Some people are Denver people, but I'm Boulder than that.
A politician is someone who will double cross that bridge when he comes to it.
The tallest buildings in the world are actually LIBRARIES... because they have the most stories. &gt;:| &gt;:)
Get your bowl ready for some "Split Pea Soup" because this acrobat has a weak bladder. (Pee)
At any given moment, the urge to sing, The Lion Sleeps Tonight is just a whim away, a whim away, a whim away.
My neighbors are listening to great music whether they like it or not.
Ive just been looking at my ceiling and while I wouldnt say its the best in the world, its definitely up there.
When I asked the librarian if they had any books on paranoia, she whispered, Theyre right behind you.
Are you familiar with the famous unshaven British spy, Stubble-07?
I avoid frugality at all costs.
If you want to make it as a self-portrait painter it's very important that you sell yourself.
What would we do if we didn't have question marks.
The UPS guy was fired for joking around at work... boss said he had to work on his delivery
Lord nelson was about 5ft 6 however, his statue is 17ft which is Horatio of about 3:1.
German sausage is the wurst
So this guy with a premature ejaculation problem comes out of nowhere.
I wouldnt kill myself if my life depended on it.
I totally understand how batteries feel because Im rarely ever included in things either.
Not for nothing, but I am opposed to nihilism.
We might all be dead if it werent for homocide sounding gay
Is glue just horsey sauce
I asked my North Korean friend if things were now better there, he said he couldn't complain.
I take a shower every month if I need it or not
It goes without saying that...
I brought ten years of unfiled W-2s to my accountant, he found the whole thing to be very taxing.
If you're a good internet explorer then you're a Chrome.
Is it crazy how saying sentences backwards creates backwards sentences saying how crazy it is?
Cows have hooves instead of feet because they lactose.
My wife was furious with me today because I put a stick in a non-stick pan.
There's a sex competition soon where the prize is 10k - I'm rooting for my son.
Someone who fills both parent roles is TransParent
Some people is so stupid.
A friend asked if I'd help him move a dead body. I gave him the cold shoulder.
My ex was a therapist. I still see her about 50 minutes a week.
The worst Fish and Chip shop workers dont know their plaice
I guess XXXTENTACION has XXXPIRED...
There's three holes in the word "erosion".
Money can't buy you happiness, but it can buy you a more qualified psychotherapist.
I get nostalgic when reversing my car because it always takes me back.
Early to rise, and early to bed, makes a person healthy but socially dead.
Jenga teaches children that if you work hard and spend a lot of time on something, some idiot will come along and ruin it all for you.
Get your bowl ready for Split Pee Soup, because this acrobat has a weak bladder!
Get you bowl ready for Split Pee Soup because this acrobat has a weak bladder!
Follow an acrobat with a weak bladder, get Split Pee Soup.
I was going to make wreath with the herbs in my garden, but I ran out of thyme.
"I have a split personality." said Tom, being frank.
Just saw a man in the supermarket tell a packet of cheese to fuck off, how dairy.
I had a very unhealthy diet as a kid; you wouldn't believe how many aeroplanes I ate.
Every relationship is a long-distance relationship if you're a snail.
Time is money, unless you're the owner of an unpopular watch shop.
Quest Bars should be really difficult to find.
They say talk is cheap, but my phone bill is through the roof.
I'm a libra on the cusp of scorpio, so anyone who knows anything about astrology can tell that I have a strong predilection towards believing in pseudo-science.
The hourglass repairman says he wants to keep my hourglass, but it works both ways.
The only marks that matter is Karl Marx.
The only book that matters is checkbook.
I gave my wife a neckrub with tiger balm, then I went for a wee, then I wept.
The whole world should be worried if North Korea has a missile that can hit New York, because if it can make it there, it can make it anywhere.
Working at home sucks, if youre a firefighter.
My wife was furious at me for kicking dropped ice-cubes under the refrigerator, but now, its just water under the fridge.
Are there a lot of first-person singular objective pronouns, or is it just me?
Those small bumps around a woman's nipples are Braille for "suck here."
Your brain has a mind of its own.
My girlfriend makes me want to become a better person, so that I can get a better girlfriend.
Its true that Im lazy, and it took me a really long time to admit that.
Frankenstein is more famous than all the other monsters put together.
When someone donates a kidney they're considered a hero but when I donate 4 why am I getting arrested?
Can you help me with a one liner about Great Danes?
Always speak well of your enemies, after all, you made them.
You know what they say about cliffhangers...
A man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool, so I gave him a glass of water.
My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance, well, we'll just see about that.
You know you're ugly when it comes to a group picture and they hand you the camera.
My job as a designer of fake aeroplane parts is in false wing.
Does every sentence have to contain a vegetable? Not necescelery.
You have to be light in order to have no mass.
My friend said that I was very condescending, but they probably don't even know what that word means.
So, I just shat my Freudian slip exam...
Police arrested two kids yesterday, one was drinking battery acid and the other was eating fireworks, they charged one and let the other one off
I want to die like my father, peacefully in his sleep, not screaming and terrified, like his passengers..!
The man who survived mustard gas and pepper spray is now a seasoned veteran
When it comes to charity a lot of people stop at nothing.
I was going to tell you a joke about my vagina, but you will never get it.
My father is schizophrenia, but hes good people.
My girlfriend used to smoke after sex, so we started using lube.
It takes a lot of balls to golf the way I do.
If I have to watch another commercial about antidepressants, Im gonna kill myself.
The word "subtraction" used to be "subtractioniaollapiousovity".
Ive just been on a once in a lifetime holiday, Ill tell you what, never again!
After having sex with the blueprint, he said it was the best laid plan.
After having sex with the blueprint, he said it was the best-laid plan.
Unless you've been living under a rock, you've probably heard of idioms.
I have the worlds largest collection of seashells and you may have seen it as I keep it scattered on beaches all over.
The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades.
I think its wrong that only one company makes the game Monopoly.
My drug test came back negative and man, my dealer sure has some explaining to do.
I'm against everything in religion but pro creation.
If I were a freeway and people were coming on to me, I would just get off.
If there are jellybeans wouldnt there have to be peanut butterbeans
I like my toast raw.
I don't understand people who don't recycle, I mean, why would you buy a bike and only ride it once?
I was going to tell a joke about paper, but it's tearable.
Hedgehogs are so selfish! I mean, can't they just learn to share the hedge?
A comedian with diarrhea is all shits and giggles
Here's a good trick when you are like me and have a hard time deciding stuff, burn one side of your face to well done and flip a coin, worked for one guy I know.
Committing a crime on an elevator is wrong on so many levels.
Russian Dolls are so full of themselves.
If Star Bucks was founded in the Russian Empire, it would be called Tsar Bucks
How do you leave a blonde in suspense?
Ive always had a terrible fear of circles. I was circumscribed as a child.
Sex addicts try to fill a hole by filling a hole
Indifference will be the downfall of mankind but who cares.
Regular naps prevent old age especially if you take them while driving.
Should crematoriums give discounts to burns victims?
A really bad impressionist walks into a bar and the bartender says, Why the wrong face?
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex because theyre his watch dogs.
When garlic gets hot, it takes its cloves off.
I received a flier on anger management the other day, but I lost it.
The best salesman at a funeral home is the Top Urner.
I have a Polish friend who's a sound engineer, and I have a Czech one, too. A Czech one too.
The toughest thing about dating an astronaut is that she always needs space.
"He is NOT pushing up daisies. He is dead!" -The Pink Panther
Some people look down on pot smokers, but I try to walk with my head high.
Some people look down on pot smokers but I try to walk with my head high.
Whenever I fail something I blame it on the fact that I am unfinish, not from Finland.
Someone asked me if I smoke after Sex, I simply replied, "I dunno, I've never looked."
Horse girls are crazy but its okay because they date stable boys.
If my wife was a Transformer her name would be Amazon Prime.
About my first experience with Helium, I speak very highly.
Are Beyoncs kids destinys children?
Blind people sure do walk their dogs a lot.
I didn't know whether to buy a toy or a pet so I bought a rattlesnake.
Police Fitbit measures every step you take.
I'm ultraviolet colorblind.
I'm ultraviolet colorblind
I'm so brave, I just watched someone eat the hottest chili in the world.
My wife just found out I replaced our bed with a trampoline and boy, did she hit the roof!
Cups are a collector's item for homeless people.
People that dislike deformities can suck my dicks.
just because mary couldnt feel it doesnt mean shes a virgin
The Earth means the world to me.
Blackbirds that stick together are Velcrows.
Bob Dylan revealed that he has a sinus inflection
When I die, Id like the word "Humble" to be written on my statue.
As I looked into her eyes, I felt my knees go weak, my stomach turned to butterflies and that's when I realized...I'd drugged the wrong glass!
Opinions have assholes, too.
I'm reading an AMAZING book about paid sponsorships.
The Flat Earth Society ...
One drop of oil is just a viscous circle.
I like to spread pesto on bread like pine nut butter.
Never judge a person until you walk a mile in their shoes. This way, if they are mad at you.. they are a mile back and barefoot.
I dropped a pack of playing cards on the floor, but I just left them there as I couldn't deal with it.
My carrots think I take too many drugs.
In hindsight, you'll find a deep exhalation.
I often enjoy jogging after dark. People always ask why im running late.
A recent poll revealed that many people are swayed by a common opinion.
I like darkness because my pupils dilate when I'm in it.
Went to the cabin and got constipated because i was lodged
You exhaust me more than my commute does...
"If at first you don't succeed, try again" is terrible advice to give someone who's suicidal
There was a kidnapping at school today, the teacher woke him up.
I slowly died when I heard the joke about incapable surgeons.
My favourite indoor activity is lock picking.
I used to think of myself as a great swimmer, but then I went in the ocean and got schooled by a bunch of fish.
The other day a man in a bathroom offered me some cocaine. Frankly, I was disgusted. What sort of crack dealer tries to sell an unfinished product?
If you saw my magazine collection, youd know I have a lot of issues.
People who exaggerate are literally worse than Hitler.
To the guy who invented Zero: Thanks for nothing!
If two people with names that rhyme get married, can we call them rhyming couplets?
The Sasquatch went into the cabin and became constipated because he was lodged
I'm addicted to sitcoms from the 90's, it's a vicious Urkel.
Someone once told me I had an old soul, but I realized they were just looking at my Keds
Im writing a book called, Stop Over-Reacting! and if no-one buys it, Im going to kill myself.
Every single morning I get hit by the same bike, man, its a vicious cycle.
When I noticed HI in the alphabet, I thought someone was actually going to be my friend, but then, I saw the next two letters.
Ive started a business where I weigh tiny objects, nothing fancy mind you, just a small scale operation.
As his son left for school, the buffalo yelled out, "Bison!"
Endothermic reactions are pretty cool
You should never tell jokes standing under a window, just in case it cracks up.
"Hop in!" I said to the one-legged hitch-hiker.
Dalmatians aren't very good at playing hide and seek because they're always spotted.
The words Jumbo Shrimp make about as much sense as the words Elite Yelper. -Anthony Bourdain
A contortionist in the Philippines would be a Manila folder.
The words Jumbo Shrimp makes about as much sense as the words Elite Yelper.
I dont care what all the SJW say, Winnie Harlow giving the checkered flag early at the Canadian Grand Prix absolutely was a race issue.
A bombing happened in a clothes store. Needless to say, there were many casual tees.
It was time to return from Lovers' Lane and that's when the rubber hit the road.
The cabin couldn't move anymore because it got lodged
Is a depressed Japanese soup chef miso-rable?
I always take two shirts golfing just in case I get a hole in one.
Apparently it costs 1,500,000 to climb Mount Everest...which in my opinion, is a bit steep.
Buy your son a motorcycle for his last birthday.
Being a mortician is the most rewarding job
Mom always said that I was Dads little squirt.
This girl told me she was into BDSM so I held it against her.
Dont buy velcro shoes, theyre a total rip-off
I bought a grenade today and things went horribly wrong when the cashier asked me for my PIN.
The only birthday gift I got this year was a deck of sticky playing cards and I find that very hard to deal with.
Bullets are really weird because they only do their job after theyre fired.
I have kleptomania, but when when it gets bad, I take something for it.
If you surf on the back of a dolphin, then you're riding on porpoise.
Last night I was visited by the ghost of Gloria Gaynor. At first I was afraid, I was petrified.
I tried telling a joke to this blind guy but he couldnt see the humor in it.
I'm addicted to donuts. It's a vicious circle.
You might find ticks disgusting but if you give them a chance, they'll grow on you!
Cutlery's just emo celery.
I have lots to say about my new thesaurus.
My doctor told me I am impotent, I never saw that coming.
My girlfriend told me she needed some space so I packed her bags and put them in the rocketship.
Gay guys still have a chance at landing a woman vs poor guys... I always hear ladies say, "I can probably get him to change", and not, "I can probably give him some change."
Suicide is a long term solution to a short term problem.
I find it amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper.
Breaking News: Dead Body Found in Cemetery
Don't get mad at the doctor who circumcised you. Just cut him some slack.
The scrolls of Confucian were unearthed yesterday, but no one could understand them.
I saw one of the cooks who sometimes prepares my sandwiches in the bathroom today, so I asked him to please stop preparing them in the bathroom.
It hurts to know that you aren't slacking off at the gym.
Id tell you a joke about my phone but i have to warn you.. its a little touchy.
I have a prepositional phrase for you.
You're a top 5 and you're not 5, 4, 3, or 2
I have ADHD baseball is a great that commercial was hilarious!
There's something wrong with my touchscreen, but I can't put my finger on it.
There was a mass shooting at the gun range. No one was injured.
It's appalling that half of all Americans live below medium income.
I havent had bowel movement in three days, Im full of shit.
The eggs life got scrambled because he got involved in some whisk-ee business
A semicolon broke the law; it was given two consecutive sentences.
I kicked myself when I found out I was a masochist.
I'm British, so I come from a long line of people who know how to queue.
PlanProMatrix
I used to think sticks and stones could break my bones but words could never hurt me  until I fell into a printing press.
Whoever said nothing is impossible obviously hasnt tried nailing jelly to a tree.
A lot of Trump supporters don't know what year the War of 1812 was fought.
I dont care what my stupid car says, a door will never be a jar.
Anyone that wouldn't hire Jennifer Aniston because of her work on Friends is guilty of Rachel profiling.
The only thing less funny than my wife is a bunch of men posting misogynistic oneliners.
She's a lot like train tracks, she's been laid across the country.
do dad jokes become daddy jokes in the bedroom?
My wife keeps telling me to stop pretending to be butter, but I'm on a roll now.
An old person with really good hearing is deaf defying.
Riot police like to get to work early so they can beat the crowds.
When the aliens took over the company, they left us with no Human Resources.
When the aliens took over the company, there were no more Human Resources.
Mom used to feed me alphabet soup because she said I really liked it -- I didn't though, she was just putting words in my mouth.
I hate when people say rhetorical questions, I mean, what's the point?
What does cheese say when having its picture taken?
I was supposed to go on a date with a lawyer earlier, but I had to counsellor.
Having not paid enough attention in class, a dangling modifier was used.
If you have yellowish skin and a computer, I advise you to jaundice website...
Donald Glover is my favorite solo artist.
I don't know what the best thing about Switzerland is, but the flag is a big plus.
We tell actors to "break a leg "because every play has a cast.
An actor fell through the floorboards but he was just going through a stage.
Theres no i in team but theres a u in cunt
Why Dinosauras Can't Clap Because They Are Dead
People with one syllable names really ruin the Happy Birthday Song.
Jokes about white sugar are rare. Jokes about brown sugar, Demerara.
I heard a rumour that Cadbury is bringing out an oriental chocolate bar. Could be a Chinese Wispa.
X-post from r/dadjokes
My granny was recently beaten to death by my grandad. Not as in, with a stick  he just died first
just bought underwater headphones and its made me loads faster. Do you know how motivating it is swimming to the theme song from Jaws? I mean my anxiety is through the roof but record times..!
Lightning must be getting ready to shoot out of my ass 'cause I'm farting up a storm.
I tried to learn how to cook but never had the thyme
I asked a butcher to deliver my baby. Now it's missing a vital organ.
Streaky bacon likes to get naked more than regular bacon.
I'm a woman beater but I only beat them with my penis
My mom doesnt understand the humour in me using the expectant mother parking to pick up my birth control pills.
If you can guess how many apples I have, I'll give you both.
I used to say that sex with my girlfriend was average, but I was just being mean.
Ive been thinking of writing a mystery novel, or have I?
Ever since my wife and I bought a waterbed, we've slowly drifted apart.
You can cheat on your wife but not on your workout.my high school wrestling coach
My wife kicked me out of the house because of my bad Arnold Schwarzenegger impressions. But don't worry, I'll return.
Eating is like sucking dick but with teeth
Nearly 1/3rd of America got excited when they realized there were new episodes of their favorite show on Netflix; PLUS a new season of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. Yes! Tonight is going to be a good night.
I saw an old lady smoking in Church the other day, I was so shocked I almost dropped my pint.
You know how I feel about mood rings.
I used to disapprove of hitch-hiking, but now I've decided to give it thumps up.
I hate being bi-polar its amazing.
I'm not fan of the new pound coin, but then again, I hate all change!
My Great Great Grandfather apparently tried to shake his executioners hand but was left hanging.
I wander how many chameleons snuck onto the ark?...
There are two types of people, those that pick their nose with their pinky and those that use their index finger.
I just deleted all German names off my phone, it's now hans free!
The center of the nervous system is the human brian.
A bad analogy is like going fishing. It doesn't make sense and it's a waste of time.
A dog may well be a man's best friend, but a cat will never tell the police where your marijuana is.
My wife and me hate improper grammar.
Im tri-Sexual, Ill try anything sexual
Trump is nothing like Hitler, there is no way he could write a book!
I was at a funeral the other day when the couple in front of me were loudly arguing about which herb goes best with which fish and I could only think it wasnt the Thyme or Plaice.
Ive just had a book published about saving the rainforest and what we as a human race can do about it and its over 2,000 pages long.
Why is it old people say, "theres no place like home", yet when you put them in one...
When you get a chance to buy discounted sheet metal, you have to take itwhat a steel!
If I had a penne for every time I craved pasta...
My imaginary friend has a hard time keeping it real.
Women have a hard time deciding what to eat because the first time Eve did, she doomed humanity.
i farted so loud in the pool a whale showed up
The pen may be mightier than the sword, but the penis mightier than the spine.
She told me that she only listens to satellite radio and I said, "You can't be Sirius."
99% of people are addicted to something. I'm willing to bet that I'm not.
As the clippers thanked the razor for shaving their owners' junk, the razor replied, "taint nuthin' "
*hiding Waldo's ashes* it's what he would have wanted
The flaw with walking shoes is you never know where they end up.
The thing about walking shoes is you never know where they end up.
When a woman says you cant get sex anywhere else, its like a movie theater saying you cant bring in outside food cuz both are trying to sell you something overpriced.
I have a nagging, paranoid feeling that my dictaphone is close to full capacity, but maybe Im just reading too much into it.
I cant believe I got fired from the calendar factory, I mean, all I did was take a day off.
I went to see the worst faith healer ever last night who was so bad, a guy in a wheelchair got up and walked out.
I saw an ad that said, Television for sale, $1, volume stuck on full and I thought to myself, I cant turn that down!"
People say Im condescending, which means I talk down to people.
If you look very carefully, eye exams have become more challenging.
Make the little things count and teach math to midgets.
A dyslectic KGB spy turned out to be weird
Why did the banana lose his drivers license?
Oneliner Contest #15 (June 2018)
/r/Oneliners Monthly Contest (#14, May 2018)
Supply teachers don't usually have a lot of class.
I was going to tell a banana joke, but it's not appealing.
I wanted to place a bid at the silent auction, but it was not aloud.
The Grand Canyon is just gorges!
Crime in Multi storey car parks. That is wrong on so many levels!
Unprotected sex on hills can cause upland children.
Don't take this the wrong way is a not a good opening line to ask your girlfriend for anal sex...
Boiled eggs. You can't beat them.
Pink Freud - The Dark Side of Your Mom
Feral boys don't experience morning wood; they experience morning bark.
I, for one, like Roman numerals.
Keyboard warriors sleep with one tab open.
What is management? The art of screwing someone over, but in a way that he feels he deserves it!
my grandpa is so scary he doesn't even flush the toilet, he scares the shit out of it
A gym inside of a liquor store would really lift my spirits
Im really disappointed with the new Haribo Star Wars sweets collection because theyre all chewy.
Ive got a friend whos addicted to drinking brake fluid, but he says he can stop any time.
Im really looking to re-capture my lost youth as my basement door doesnt lock properly.
Ive started a camp for kids with ADHD, actually, its a concentration camp.
Ive finally stopped drinking for good, now, I just drink for evil.
I often say to myself, I cant believe that cloning machine actually worked!"
Ive recently developed a phobia of elevators and Im taking steps to avoid them.
Ive just started reading my first ever Braille horror story and I think that something scary is about to happen - I can feel it.
Modern art is expensive shit.
I always travel with a fashion magazine because it holds hundreds of articles of clothing.
A funeral can be realfun if you're dyslexic.
I know everything there is to know about the word "complacent".
My zip code: if you're a woman it's coming undone.
I've seen those International Clock displays in office lobbies time after time after time...
Midget porn is a little fucked.
turns out it was a minnow stealing my boats prop, i knew something seemed a little fishy
Rape is a short word, but a long sentence.
I have started a business where I weigh tiny objects so it's just small scale
I have started a business where I weigh tiny objects so it's small scale
My schizophrenic uncle asked "aren't you a bit old to be reading comic books?" so I said "I don't know. Aren't you a bit old to have imaginary friends?".
Dont play bingo at parties, its disheartening.
It goes without saying.
Clap one hand if you love Buddha
There is no "I" in denial!
I stopped eating clocks when it became too time consuming
Whenever I look at Medusa, I can't help but get really hard.
Bowing things out of proportion is bad. Except if it's a balloon
The rotation of the earth makes my day.
Say what you want about jokes with no punchline...
Caution: working as a seamstress in a convent may be habit forming
As I watched the dog chasing his tail, I thought, "Dogs are easily amused", then I realized I was watching the dog chasing his tail.
You can never lose a homing pigeon - if your homing pigeon doesn't come back, what you've lost is a pigeon.
I recently decided to sell my vacuum cleaner, as all it was doing was gathering dust.
I refused to believe my road worker father was stealing from his job, but when I got home, all the signs were there.
I've spent the last four years looking for my ex-girlfriend's killer, but no-one will do it.
Throwing acid is wrong, in some people's eyes.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way so I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
ROCK, PAPER, TICKET! Do I lose when the police officer says papers and I say scissors?
i knew it seemed a little fishy.. caught the minnow who's been stealing my propeller!
i knew it seemed a little fishy.. caught the minnow cold handed stealing my propeller!
seeing these "Detour" signs on our streets, not once have a seen a cyclist, or even a French person
I might become a prostitute because I am always being told my performance is whore-able.
used to be addicted to not showering, I'm proud to say I've been clean for 2 years.
I have been chatting with my neighbors teenage daughter and she is into UFOs and Aliens. Which is really cool because tomorrow she is getting abducted.
If the Russians attacked, the Trump administration would definitely put out a spread
Our contractor tells us we should build another floor, but that's a story for another time.
Dying in transit is reaching your final destination before reaching your final destination.
The universe is made of 4 things, protons, electrons, neutrons and morons
Many clouds look like animals, but the sheep is the only animal that looks like a cloud.
Bullets do their job only after theyre fired. Weird.
As a kid, I was made to walk the plank, because we couldnt afford a dog.
My Dad told me to invest my money in bonds, so I bought 100 copies of Goldfinger.
You know youre working class when your TV is bigger than your book case.
I was raised as an only child, which really annoyed my sister.
I found a minnow in my pool today, i thought something smelled a little fishy.
Is it possible to mistake schizophrenia for telepathy? I hear you ask.
My girlfriend is absolutely beautiful, with a body like a Greek statue - completely pale, no arms.
I was playing chess with my friend and he said, Lets make this interesting, so we stopped playing chess.
To make holy water, just take water and boil the hell out of it.
You can't hum while holding your nose.
I knew that my gay friend was lying to me because he couldn't keep a straight face.
There's a rat in every separation.
I write songs about condoms, I'm in a rubber band.
ISO: Professional laughers whom I can pay in jokes (full time employment).
Don't let an extra chromosome get you down.
Ive got a friend whos fallen in love with two school bags  hes bi-satchel.
I had a joke about time travel, but you guys didnt like it.
Scientists have finally discovered what women really want, trouble is, now theyve changed their minds.
My mom said to me at dinner last week that I overreact to criticism too much, so I shot her.
I went into a sex shop today, and was shocked to find out how much all my wifes vibrators cost, I mean, shes sitting on a small fortune!
My deaf girlfriend was talking in her sleep last night and she nearly took my eye out.
I had a pun about insanity, but then I lost it.
I was walking down the street the other day when this guy with a premature ejaculation problem came out of nowhere.
Bad rap gives rap a bad rap
If my friend would stop digging in garbage cans, he wouldn't always be so down in the dumps.
Youre so smart, Albert Einstein would suck you off.
Bill Cosby is a former piller of virtue.
My secret ingredient is letting my mom cook.
The hermit crab gave up all of his independence just for a tiny bit bigger house, a complete shell out.
This statement is in no way to be construed as a disclaimer.
A skydiver once forgot his parachute; then he came back for it.
I fell asleep watching the Cosby Show and now my ass hurts.
the ocean is salty because the beach never waves back
Chuck Norris times zero equals Chuck Norris.
Autocorrect doesn't work whether you are a jew or a genital.
That's more than there are stars in the solar system!
If you give a man a fish, you feed him for a day but if you give a fish a man your basically covered for like 2 weeks.
"Beat it, we're closed" - sign on a whore house at lunch break.
I asked my ex why and all she could say was "z".
x-post from showerthoughts. All credit to op
Bill gates isn't even in the rat race, he's one of the sponsors.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
My parents had me playing soccer when I was young, because they both knew I was a keeper.
My friend asked me if I would join him to the Siamese twin rave.
Unskillful taxi drivers don't know their place.
I would kill someone to prove that I'm not a violent person.
Im addicted to seaweed and I must seek kelp.
My mom told me Id never amount to anything because I procrastinate too much, so I said, Oh, yeah? Just you wait!
Prison may be just one word, but to some, its a whole sentence.
To pirate any movie you like, just rate it 3.14.
Im not passive aggressive, unlike some people.
Have you ever noticed the irony behind hyphenated and non-hyphenated?
An attractive woman took a seat next to me at a bar last night and brought it to a table of friends.
If anyone ever asks you to spell part backwards dont do it, its a trap.
Why is it only stick figures that fall over on wet floors?
wisecrackings oneliner contests on movies
I think that making love to a woman is like playing the violin. I don't know how to do it.
I never saw a stick man fall over before the signs.
So my grandfather clock finally finished writing his autobiography- its about time!!
Confucius say: Man who live in glass house should change in basement.
I was going to buy a rocking chair but it didn't sit well with me.
My mate was caught stealing Tequila and ended up in the slammer!
A Buddhist walks up to a hotdog stand and says, "Make me one with everything."
When I saw the tailor's prices I had a fit.
Over the years, children's sleds have really gone downhill.
they say laughter is the best medicine, which makes sense why im here.. im kind of a hypochondriac
coal miners are technically just cleaning out the earth..
A plateau is the highest form of flattery.
I've got a book coming out soon. Shouldn't have eaten it, really.
I wonder if bees ever think, Im gonna sting somebody, if its the last thing I do.
I wish I was a pyromaniac, so when I run out of weed, I can still get high.
The Ku Klux Klan are such hypocrites; the TV in their meeting hall is 4K.
Ive never read an article of clothing.
Nets, sponges, and religious texts all share something in common: The more you tear them up, the less holy they are.
I met a girl last week who was so sexually inept that when I asked her to do missionary, she fucked off to Africa for 6 months.
my dads gonna be so shocked when he sees all the work ive done, if u rip up the lawn from the roots it never grows back!
Ironically, nobody equates nice slacks with slackers
The farmer didn't complete is morning work until 6 am because he makes good money and likes to milk it.
I wonder how many adults in the US who bitch about kids getting participation trophies proudly display their "I voted" sticker on Election Day.
Iceland should open the outlets in their geothermal fields to relieve pressure on Hawaii.
Morgue photographers shoot dead people for a living
I'm good at everything, except for modesty. Because I'm *great* at it.
We were out deep-sea fishing and couldn't smoke because we ran out of matches, so we threw a cigarette overboard and made the boat a cigarette lighter.
I met someone online who shares my fetish for urinating on dried fruit and were going to go on a date next week.
The only thing flat-earthers fear, is sphere itself.
I've been diagnosed with a chronic fear of giants - Feefiphobia.
Bigamist - how an Italian would refer to very thick fog.
To the scumbag that stole 300 cans of RedBull from my shop, I don't know how you sleep at night.
You gotta hand it to midgets, because some times, they just can't reach.
This new look on reddit is just amazing i love this!
I bought a nice 12 year old scotch the other day. Obviously his parents weren't pleased.
why did the tennis ball have to go to court? .. Because he was making too much racket
If at first you don't succeed, maybe skydiving isn't the most sensible choice.
Why did all the appetizers get slowly swept away? Because there was a little Currant
Why did the appetizers slowly get washed away? Cuz they was a little Currant
I was walking home last night and someone threw a jar of mayonnaise at me. Fucking Helman.
I want to buy a bunch of hermit crabs and make them live together.
Hard to tell if people are interested in joining my Sarcasm Club or not
I always thought it was the dryer that made my jeans shrink. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along...
I couldn't have beard any longer so I shaved myself from a hairy situation; it was just too much stubble.
Nobody in their right mind would vote Labour.
I bought some manure bags for the garden, it's cheaper than a lounger.
I went to a sex addicts meeting, but nobody there gave a fuck.
If people who eat vegetables are vegetarians and people who eat fish are pescatarians, then cannibals should really be called humanitarians.
Thought for today: Every fight is a food fight when youre a cannibal.
If a mechanic has to spend all day putting the tailpipe on a car, by the end of the day the mechanic and the car will both be exhausted.
Parking a single car doesnt need much space, but parking 200 cars, now, that needs a lot.
The blonde snorted Sweet and Low because she thought it was diet coke.
I finally managed to get rid of that nasty electrical charge Ive been carrying and Im ex-static!
A fish made from just two sodium atoms is 2 Na.
Playing "quiet tennis" is just like regular tennis, but without the racket.
My therapist told me my narcissism causes me to misread social situations, but Im pretty sure she was hitting on me.
When a father in Iraq gave his daughter a new bag, she said, Thanks for the Baghdad.
Dirty Dave the flasher was thinking of retiring, but he decided to stick it out for another year.
The horny pirates worst nightmare is a sunken chest with no booty.
The perfect hiding spot will never be found.
I didn't get accepted into the circus, but at least I gave it the old Clown College try.
Asians are just the same as caucasians, just without the cock.
When someone hands me a flyer, they are basically saying, " Here. YOU throw this away."
Every time before opening a locked door, you have to make a key decision.
I saw a dyslexic Yorkshireman the other day. He was wearing a cat flap.
The royal wedding took place this weekend. The French media reported that the ceremony was delicious.
I like my women like like my beer - cold, bitter, and full of yeast.
Folks think I'm voyeuristic, but I'm just a peephole person.
Some soap walks into a bar and says, "If I invite my buddies here, this could be a bar of soap!"
Asked a guy if he was a pilot tonight. "Me? I'm kind of high, but no, I'm not a pilot"
If you upgrade a flamethrower, does it get more firepower?
I hate when my GF says "I don't care, do what you want" because that means we're about to argue about the fundamentals on the illusions of free will
Do I believe in safe sex? Of course I do. I have a handrail around the bed
Why No Car May Smush Me
My grandfather never talked about his ED. It just never came up.
Our horse fell out of its enclosure, he is so unstable.
1 1 1 1 1
Im so broke, I can only afford Bottom Ramen.
I couldn't decide what to wear for the Royal wedding. I settled for a blindfold and earplugs.
Laurel are you okay, you okay, you okay, Laurel?
Nobody believed me when I told them I can chop down a tree just by looking at it, but I saw it with my own eyes.
I'm so broke I can't even afford to pay attention
New wisecrackings contest: Deadpool 2 (May 18-May 24)
When the inventor of the boat first pitched the idea, they said "I have an idea that I'd like to float your way"
She said "I think it's bigger than it looks". I said "That's what she said too".
my grandpa has the heart of a lion........... now we are both banned from the zoo
I was masturbating today and my hand fell asleep - that's got to be the ultimate rejection.
You know you've got a high sperm count when she has to chew before she swallows.
If a dove is the bird of peace, then is a swallow the bird of love?
I should have known it would never work out between me and my ex-girlfriend - after all, I'm a Pisces and she's a bitch.
If you don't believe in oral sex, keep your mouth shut.
Erotic is using a feather, kinky is using the whole chicken.
Life is a lot like a penis - soft, relaxed and hanging free, then a woman makes it hard.
As much as I'd like to, I don't beat around the bush
The only difference between a weekday and a weekend is which boss is telling me to do things.
They Don't Have Wal-Mart's in Afghanistan....
I was told that to lose weight I should start doing hot yogurt. At least that's what I thought I heard, apparently yogurt sounds the same as yogurt.
A mime..
People often say laughter is the best medicine, but they neglect to mention that an overdose can cause ones ass to fall off.
I can't help but laugh when I see mountain ranges -- for whatever reason, I think they're just hill areas.
Mike Tyson once watched Breaking Bad, he thought it was pretty methed up.
Time wounds all heels
The homosexual cowboy pulled his chaps on backwards.
Only one of my personalities has multiple personality disorder.
Driving with your gas tank door open is the automobile equivalent to having your zipper down in public.
Self deprecation is the only thing I'm good at.
Stay Over
Come Down
I always wanted a tobacco pipe, so I snapped a cigar and sprinkled it on my cock.
How Long is a Chinese name.
I have no time for people without a watch.
I have no words to describe mimes.
We live in a progressive society; everyone is getting progressively stupider.
Ironically, boxing is a HiiT exercise.
My life
/r/jokes
My friend told me that I just dont understand irony, which was ironic because we were at a bus stop at the time.
Some people say i've hit rock bottom, i prefer to think I'm just down to earth
I'm starting to like the word "progressive".
After shooting Thor Ragnarok, Tom Hiddleston didn't invite Chris Hemsworth to his afterparty because he wanted to keep it a Loki affair
My bills are getting so big I have to call them Williams now.
I think the waitress was hitting on me, I mean, she called me "hot plate."
The first computer dates back to Adam and Eve. It was an Apple with limited memory, just one byte. And then everything crashed.
My girlfriend looks like Barbie, because she doesn't have a vagina or nipples.
I asked the recipient to fax the document back to me so that I could have a copy for my records.
I am so antisocial I wouldn't even meet my potential.
I used to be an Indian Giver, never mind, I take that back.
I think the waitress was hitting on me because she called me "hot plate."
Why didn't King Arthur have a knight in the round table order called Sir cumference?
That new movie about the hot dog just might be an Oscar wiener
Jokes about bad pole-vaulters never go over very well.
Yesterday, a clown held the door open for me and I thought, what a nice jester!
If anyone needs an ark, I happen to Noah guy.
Ireland's capital has the fastest-growing population, because every day, its Dublin.
Remains to be seen if glass coffins will be a success.
The semi-colon that broke the law was given two consecutive sentences.
King Arthurs army was too tired to fight, because it had too many sleepless knights.
Do not blow a French kiss to someone
How long is a Chinese name
My barber offered me a few beers and I wound up with a buzz cut.
You can always identify decaf because its faced backwards.
Need help with one liner
Kale is a negative calorie food, meaning the kale itself contains fewer calories than your body uses to throw it up because it's so fucking disgusting.
Footloose
If I do end up perfecting human cloning, I will be besides myself!
raid 4 robux
She criticised my apartment, so I knocked her flat.
There's a big part of me that thinks I could make it as a porn star.
Proofread carefully to see if you any words out.
In a landmark move, New York City has announced they will be pushing the Statue of Liberty 30 meters north
Dogs cant operate MRI machines, but catscan.
When I got pulled over by the cops and asked if I had a police record, I said, No, but Ive got a Sting album.
I had terrible internet connection on my farm, till I moved the modem to the barn and now I have stable WiFi.
These damn millennials, walking around like they rent the place.
If someone wants to say the word motel backwards, just letom.
If I had a dime for every time I didnt understand whats going on, Id be like, Why yall keep giving me all these dimes?
If I dont perfect human cloning, I wont be able to live with myself.
Semantic bleaching is literally the worst thing ever
If you find racist humor offensive, simply because youre black, lighten up.
Hello and welcome to Contradictions Anonymous, what's your name?
I wonder what happened to all those people who asked me for directions.
WTF is an acronym?
Donor encouraged to persevere after their first kidney is rejected.
Invented our time machine next week
I have no choice but to be deterministic.
[Weekly oneliner contest] Avengers Infinity War
I'm seriously contemplating remarrying my ex wife but I'm scared she will realize that I'm just after my money
I was gonna tell a joke about an Indian giver but I decided to take it back
[Avengers Infinity War] Last time I felt this violated by a big bald dude wearing a glove was during my prostate exam.
Male prostitutes: high turnover rate
I took my pet to the gym the other day, it didn't work out.
If you really like panel show puns then have I got news for you...
Don't get all bent out of shape about it, I told the contortionist.
I've got a friend in denial but if you ask him, he's vacationing in Africa
I was attacked by a group of mime artists and they did unspeakable things to me.
9 out of 10 dermatologists agree that towels are the leading cause of dry skin.
Man with authority walks into a bar and orders everyone a round.
I lost my job as a stage designer and I left without making a scene.
I went in to a pet shop and put a sign saying 'Chameleon' next to an empty cage.
If you think about it, we chop down bird houses to make bird houses.
My chicken proof lawn is impeccable.
Elton John is good on the piano, but he sucks on an organ.
Ever noticed how the older a man gets, the further he had to walk to school as a boy?
There are many parts to a succesful company; sales, HR, and accounting.
An alien cannibal's favourite meal is E.Tea.
"I suck at feet" says the person with the foot fetish who who also happens to be terrible at illustrating
I thought a three was a lovely symbol until I metaphor.
If you commit one of the seven deadly sins you should be punished; if you commit all of them you should be a politician.
In England they drive on the left side of the road, but in New England they drive on what's left of the road
The doctor told a dramatic patient that she was infertile, but she may have been ovary acting.
I bet when DJ Khaled counts to 100, he skips 69 and goes straight to 70.
No one does self deprecating humor worse than I do.
"I before E except after C" is unscientific.
I discovered masturbation, singlehandedly.
They were offering torso body makeup but I chose to abstain.
People who try dying, die trying.
Most people are shocked when they find out how incompetent I am as an electrician.
I told my Australian girlfriend the Christmas wreath she bought was great, but to make sure it doesnt block the doorway, because then, it would be a Great Barrier Wreath.
I hope Elon Musk never gets involved in a scandal, because Elongate, would be really drawn out.
I bought a new shrub trimmer today and I must say, its cutting hedge technology.
I just found out my friend has a secret life as a priest, his altar ego.
I asked the waiter if the restaurant served steak raw and he said, Yeah, but its rare.
Cleavage is the only thing that you can look down on and approve of at the same time.
Apparently, men think about sex every seven seconds, so luckily, I wrote this in sex.
The one thing flat earthers have to fear is sphere itself
IF YOURE behind someone at a cash machine let them know you're not a threat by gently kissing their neck.
Breaking news: 12 people have driven off of the unfinished bridge in this fog, no end in sight.
Beer goggles are great for when you want to go swimming in a brewery.
i only type in lowercase because i hate capitalism.
Every time I tried to seduce the corpse, it seemed like she was giving me the cold shoulder.
No pane no gain, I told the struggling window.
i'd tell you a joke about my lightbulb, but its kinda screwed up.. probably not a bright idea either
i do agree its healthy to laugh at your mistakes, but if you are a plastic surgeon you should probably do it in private
i do agree its healthy to laugh at your mistakes but...
i'd tell you a joke about my light bulb..
Walruses are like Tupperware, they both like a tight seal.
Even people who are good for nothing have the capacity to bring a smile to your face, for instance, when you push them down the stairs.
I had to give up my vegetarian diet because it turns out, they're a lot harder to catch than cows.
Orphans aren't very good at baseball, because they never seem to know where home is.
i'd tell you a joke but i have memory issues..
I've heard straight jackets are very fashionable, but they are hard to pull off.
A man that can blow a woman's mind with just his tongue is a cunning linguist.
Kleptomaniac evangelicalists take the Bible literally.
Charizard has one hot tail....
I don't mean to boast, but I consume more calories than anyone I know.
The doctor told me to reduce the amount of sex I had, so I got a sexier girlfriend.
I pull out during sex, I'm a financial responsible risk taker
Reading single-group studies on over-eating is always disturbing, given their lack of control
I thought my mannequins would fly off the shelf, but they're currently at a standstill.
My mnemonic for remembering the infinity stones is TRuMP aSS.
Mushrooms, the breakfast of champignoins
The bar is ten minutes from my house, however, my house is two hours from the bar.
These kids were laughing at me while I was showering at the swimming pool centre, which was a real kick in the ball.
If my girlfriend becomes a prostitute like she said she would, then she can get screwed.
Ive got an HTML joke, but it needs a closing tag.
I'm in a long distance relationship now - my chocolate has been moved to the top cupboard.
You know what they say about paranoid people
My girlfriend is irreplaceable - now I wish I'd kept the receipt.
I'm suing porn for giving me visual aids, then I'm suing phone sex for giving me hearing aids
It's not difficult to be an insomniac; I became one overnight.
Denali is not a river in Egypt
If windows could feel, would they feel its pane?
The US is slowly moving toward the metric system, inch by inch.
A tailor making a suit for Yao Ming would have to take drastic measures.
If you think youre a hypochondriac, but youre actually not, are you a hypochondriac?
If anyone tries to sell you a transparent driving wheel, steer clear.
Anyone know where I can find a compass?
It's tough being a modern racist being around all these colored TVs
Headquarters doubled our coin-toss odds.
Half of sex is masturbating on another person
What the fuck do you mean I take criticism badly?
My Spring factory went bankrupt, but I think business will bounce back.
Mushmouth didn't really talk like that, Cosby fed him ludes. Bippity Boppity Boo.
I think telepaths are out of their minds.
Yes, judge I do have something to say, if you truly are what you eat then I am an innocent man.
Antisocial vegans won't meet.
My name was the best birthday present I was ever given
Transgenders: Robots dresses as guys.
Today a kid knocked on my door and asked for a donation toward the new local pool, so I gave him a glass of water
May The 1st Be With You!
The German standup comedy scene is nothing to laugh about.
Wanted to make a tampon joke but it sucked.
No matter how hard you shake and dance, the last two drops go in your pants.
I seldom say seldom unless I'm talking about how seldom I say seldom, which is not very often.
Once I get my PhD in tautology I will say that's that.
The reason I rob banks is that's where the money is.
A crane driver should not be told during work, "We're going to let you go."
Hansel and Gretel left their trail in morsel code.
Some people call me a space case but I don't think so...
karaoke is juking off in public with a jukebox
If you're behind someone at a cash machine, let them know you're not a threat, by gently kissing their neck.
The boy Pharoah's friends arrive to pick him up. His mom says "What's with the tootin' car man?"
My grandad has a heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the local zoo
I have really immature friends, every time I pass out drinking they draw a forehead on my penis.
Put brain-eating zombies on the streets and everyone loses their minds.
If God had meant us to do oneliners why did He give us two nostrils?
When Richard Branson became a father, was it a Virgin birth?
What is Aleve the past tense of ?
The moons a daft punk fan, it goes around the world
I a so lazy, instead of a threesome I sleep with a schizophrenic.
The one thing flat earthers have to fear is sphere itself
I haven't sold one copy of my autobiography, story of my life.
My next door neighbours made a sex tape recently. Well obviously they don't know that yet.
Why is gambling not allowed in Africa? There's too many Cheetahs.
The only thing flat earthers have to fear is sphere itself
Another product that I can't believe is not butter, is butter.
I'm terrified of elevators so I started taking steps to avoid them!
If you're waiting for me to make a joke about Peter Crouch dressed in armour and wielding a sword, you're in for a long knight.
My father was a man of few words. He once said to me: "Son..."
Having unprotected sex on the top of a hill may result in upland children.
I feel sorry for anus numbing cream, it has to deal with sensitive arseholes all the time.
I don't mean to boast, but my dick doesn't just shrivel in the cold.
Lopsided birds tend to be more left-wing.
The local mimes aren't exactly on speaking terms.
What's the down side of a prenatal screening debate?
If the Incredible Hulk ever inherits the mantle of Captain America, he needs to change his name to the Star-Spangled Banner
Amy Schumer is hilarious.
"This is my main chick," said the cannibal.
If you dont believe in oral sex, keep your mouth shut.
You sound reasonable. It must be time to up my medication!
I've never liked clickbaits; find out why here.
Ah, blind girls, You've gotta hand it to them.
Our president has Air Force One. The Mexican president has Air Firce Juan.
I got a sliver in my penis but good thing it's only a little wood.
Petting ducks always makes me feel down.
Interesting title
My protractor is useful to a certain degree.
I avoid being frugal at all costs.
I don't understand why Medusa has such a bad rep; nobody that's met her has ever said anything bad about her.
If Ive told you once, Ive told you a thousand times. Dont exaggerate.
It's ungracious to still be alive after your mother's baked angel cakes for your funeral.
Ignorance? I don't know the meaning of the word
My friend turned down an offer for a job making balloons in a circus because it was a blow job.
People with osteoporosis can bond on Snapchat.
I'd give my rye arm to not smell like cereal grass.
I love RUAPA (Really Unnecessary And Pointless Acronyms).
If women are XX and men are XY, then why am I XXL?
There are four vowels and four consonants in equality.
I tried teaching my dog how to dance, but it turns out, he's got 2 left feet.
I'm not a fan of the new pound coin, but then again, I hate all change.
I wonder how many chameleons snuck on the ark?
I like to imagine the guy who invented the umbrella was going to call it the 'brella', but hesitated.
90% of statistics are wrong
I take my paycheck to the bar because thats better than drinking a loan.
I asked if she was impressed with my brand-name mattress, but said that's just Sealy
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
Captain needs to find a safe harbour after taking off with the priceless cargo.
I just found out loads of information about the word "research".
You're not doing it wrong if nobody knows what you're doing.
I was going to get a brain transplant , but then I changed my mind
I tried eating dog in China. It was a bit ruff.
Liability is the ability to lie about a word's true definition.
Do cosmetologists have finals, or are they all makeup exams?
Vacuums suck
The difference between a good meal and a good time is where you put the cucumber
When your girlfriend comes home in a white suit, smelling of honey and covered in bee stings, you know she's a keeper.
Common English: A field; Scouser English: An field.
My Dad always used to tell me, "You miss 100% of the shots you don't hit."
An English to French dictionary should be called a Two-Deux list.
I asked my bank teller to check my balance, so she pushed me over
Hooked up with a girl who was into burning wax onto me, Im still scarred :(
Victims say the darndest things. -Bill Cosby
In the Star Wars Universe, they don't eat baby wookiees because they are a little chewy.
If Feminism was about equality it would be called Humanism.
You can only laugh at yourself for telling jokes nobody gets.
Well Well Well, if it isnt autocorrect.
Police have arrested the world tongue-twister champion and I bet hell be given a tough sentence.
An acorn, in a nutshell, is an oak tree.
Apologies are really just Canadian conversations.
Fruit and Urinal give a bad name to cakes everywhere.
If I use spring water in my waterbed, does it become more bouncy?
If you ever want to build an ark, I Noah guy.
You might hate ticks, but if you give them a chance they'll grow on you!
If April showers bring may flowers, do may flowers bring Pilgrims?
Whiplash is a real pain in the neck!
Never drink and drive, because if you do, someone texting and driving will crash into you and it'll be your fault
A California roll is technically a roll reversal.
Here's a montage of oneliners I have heard throughout my life
Is it safe to tell your partner the stop word is continue?
Imagine how cool it'd be if jizz was white instead of red
I heard that there are close to 1,000 major baseball venues in the world, but that's just a ballpark figure.
I like spirals like I was born to like spirals, it's in my DNA
Do vegans eat Beefsteak Tomatoes?
Your Grandma just has to adopt Robert, and Bob's your uncle!
The poor window was in pane....
Are there any fencing jokes that aren't ripostes or lam?
The bonus to having parents with Alzheimer's is that you never have to put too much planning into surprise birthday parties.
What're we going to do with all these bear arms we have a right to?
Whos dick do I gotta suck to suck some dick around here?
If you jumped off a bridge in Paris, you'd be in Seine.
People are making apocalypse jokes like there's no tomorrow.
Domestic violence really hits close to home.
II hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicatious
One-liners are like dicks: Some are short, some are long, but everybody groans when Grandpa whips his out
I was born legs first so for a brief period of time, I wore my Mom as a hat.
I like to call in sick to places I don't work. Tomorrow I'm getting written up at Wal-Mart.
Does being blind make you a better musician or is that just Superstition?
Kill me once, shame on me. Kill me twice, shaman you.
After bad press about a recent speech in South America, the president tweeted: More fake news, folks!! Those people LOVED me, and they want want me back soon! They shouted July! July! before I could even finish my speech!!!!
It must be tough to be a landscaper. They're always leaving for work.
I'm killing time because time is killing me
Autocorrect makes me type things I didn't Nintendo.
Insect jokes really bug me
My mom's astrological sign was Cancer, which is kind of ironic since she was killed by a giant crab
They told me to stop singing Wonderwall, I said maybe
If you're upset because you missed out on 4/20, dont worry, because tomorrow is 4/22.
A chicken walks up to a duck standing on the side of the road and says, "Don't do it man. You'll never hear the end of it."
I had to go to the hospital this week, doctors say I'm going to be fine. I just want to say that the Dyson Ball Cleaner has a very misleading name.
I put my phone in airplane mode and now it calls me Shirley
If women are a mystery then men are a horror story
I'm my own worst enemy, but there are hundreds tied for second place.
Searching for anagrams of "whereon" will get you nowhere.
Being a gender reassignment surgeon takes a lot of balls.
It's spelling can be confusing.
Always give 100%, unless it's blood.
I hear Necromancers are dead-icated.
When I see that 'future-me' guy I'm really gonna kick his ass for not doing all that shit he was meant to do.
Cannibals take being a people person to one fucked up level.
I know this dude who says he travels at the speed of light, but he's pretty warped.
A useless fellow can always be a bad example! Hence Useful!
This is a terrible spell of whether.
Working in a mirror factory is something that I totally see myself doing
For sale: used parachute, never opened
I like to use the handicap stall in the restroom because of all the extra leg room, that way it doesn't go to waste.
I wrote a book about how to improve your window seals with sandpaper, but the publishers didn't like the rough draft.
Those who invest in chocolate put their money behind bars.
I avoid funerals because I'm not a mourning person.
As much as they like to wash hands, germophobes would excellent surgeons.
What hapoens when you mix a joke and a rethorical question?
If ignorance is bliss, racists must feel like they are always on Heroin.
You have only one chance to fix a broken parachute.
I would make a joke about La Croix, but that would be in bad taste.
Octopuses are all suckers.
You put the sexy in dyslexic.
Schrdinger's cat: wanted, dead and alive.
"I'm mute," said the liar.
A midget clairvoyant escaped from prison and now the police are looking for a small medium at large.
To spell panda, you only need P and A.
How's it goin dude?
There should be no wrong way to spell dyslexia.
I always spell repetition wrong
The fat acceptance movement is the only movement without movement
Broken pub quiz machine for sale. No questions asked.
I wanted to visit the house where the guy who invented toothpaste was born, but sadly, I couldn't find it, because there was no plaque on it.
Men are trash, except for the few that arent. Theyre recycling
When you eat aluminium foil, you sheet metal.
I passed my conjoined twin examination; I got the answers from the guy next to me.
The lower courts started to prosecute a man for capitalizing every post but they soon realized it was an upper case.
I met a girl from Africa and, as we sat talking in her native tongue, we really clicked.
Little Johnny was asked to use "fascinate" in a sentence, so he stated "I went on a date with a woman wearing a dress with twelve buttons but her tits were so big she could only fasten eight."
You can choose humor, looks, or literacy, but you may only choose to.
Transaudio
If you ever miss 4:20 just wait until 4:22, because 4:22 is 4:20 too.
I was talking to a girl South African girl in her native language and, man, we just clicked.
I was talking to a North African girl in her native language and, man, we just clicked.
I was talking to a North African girl in her native language and we really clicked.
I was afraid to draw a picture of a horn because I didn't want to blow it.
Technically, all glasses are 3D glasses
He's a handsome guy, just like my wife.
Dogs cant operate MRI machines, but catscan.
I tried to write a song about drinking but didn't get past the first two bars.
I had a joke about music but I forgot my notes somewhere.
In a world of lefties everyone knows somewhere everyone is all right
Tell me something I don't know about overly proud people.
I've spent all my life searching for the answer to the question: "What is prioritisation?"
A feminist's favorite fruit is mango.
You can't kidnap me if I kidnap myself!
Im single handedly taking out glove companies with my bare hands.
Maps are horrible storytellers; they only ever have one legend
My poor knowledge of Greek mythology has always been my Achilles elbow!
Nightcore Worst Day Of My Life
Tightrope walkers sure have a small line of work
My job as head chef at a top rated restaurant is in jeopardy because my latest culinary creation turned out to be a recipe for disaster.
I met a girl at an internet cafe, but we didn't click.
The annoying dermatologist was beginning to get under my skin.
Artists need to be in the right frame of mind.
Shout out to all the people that don't know what the opposite of in is!
What president never closed his eyes or changed his name?
Nothing is worn underneath my kilt, its all in perfect working order.
Sometimes i use big words i dont fully understand in order to make myself sound more photosynthesis
Only 20 pounds more to go of my 10 pound weight loss goal!
I decided to invest my money in Bonds, so I bought the DVD box set.
Is it just me, or is Congress the opposite of progress?
I'm looking for a promotion at the guillotine factory, but I just can't get a head.
Thinking about becoming a Civil War reenactor, probably going with Team Cap.
I phoned the Broken Tap coldline
Redneck oneliner
said to a gal I met randomly for the 5th time...
You couldn't pay me to do volunteer work.
If I keep making penis references, before long I'll be short.
Tell me right NOW, how am I bossy?!
I like to intimidate mosquitoes in my room by googling "bug squatters".
Kids find movies about pedophiles very touching
I was disappointed when the beanbags arrived; I still don't have anything to carry my vegetables in.
A nine year old girl has disappeared after using moisturizer that makes you look ten years younger.
I know the inside of the brain really well because I have a very detailed mind map with me.
The guy who invented the number zero did it all for nothing.
If I fuck a midget hooker, is it 50% off?
Apparently, the guy that put the "i" in "gossip" is gay.
Jokes about bad pole-vaulters don't seem to go over very well.
If at first you don't succeed....
My dad told me he was in to East Asian music and I was like "k, pop..."
If April showers bring May flowers, do May flowers bring June bugs?
You're such a liar, not even a dentist could pull a truth from your mouth.
Crowded elevators smell different to Midget.
I'm not supersticious, as that gives bad luck.
People these days verbificationize too much.
The audience for our sex education presentation was too large so we decided to scale it back and make it more intimate.
A Buddhist walks up to a hotdog vendor and says, "make me one with everything"
Yes, I'd call myself an Ornithology and Apiary enthusiast, I do indeed like the birds and the bees.
Don't waste your breath on punctured balloons.
If you're entering an albino football competition, it's very important that you play fair.
"Moderation in all things," advises my mum, every ten minutes.
Is a woman a day late and 75 cents short?
Sadly, I'm not depressed.
I wear glasses when I program so I can C#.
Eating a clock is time consuming.
R2D2 is the most profane character written, everything is says is bleeped.
If I ever find out the name of the surgeon that screwed up my limb transplant, I'll kill him with my bear hands!
If god didn't want women to do all the cooking, then why did he put milk and eggs inside them?
I suspect that my knitting wife is texting other men, but unfortunately she has several pins on her phone.
When I won the Embarrassing Bodies competition a huge smile formed on my back
I have the head of a gangster - it's my Kraynium.
My therapist told me my narcissism causes me to misread social situations, but Im pretty sure she was hitting on me.
One day, I hope to write a really clever John Lennon joke, but, you may say Im a dreamer.
Instead of being cremated or buried when I die, I'd much rather my body be cut into pieces and sent to people I don't like.
Why do psychics have doorbells?
At what age is it appropriate to tell my dog he is adopted?
I bought an expensive ruler, just for good measure.
I usually meet my girlfriend at 12:59 because I like that one-to-one time.
1___er
Sparkling water is still water.
I got chatting to a lumberjack the other day. He seemed like a decent feller.
Bill Clinton is the President that did it between the Bushes.
My girlfriend got mad and told me that I treat her like a child, so I gave her a sticker for standing up for herself.
Energizer bunny arrested and charged with battery.
_______________
I thought it was a booger, but its not.
Claustrophobic people are more productive thinking outside the box.
I would leaf you alone with my tree puns, but that wouldn't get to the root of the problem. I mean, it stems from somewhere.
The first time I went to sea the ocean, it really blue my mind.
I'd like to combine Connery, Moore, Brosnan and Craig, so I could consolidate my Bonds.
Astronauts always seem so calm because theres no pressure in space.
People often say icy is the easiest word to spell and, looking at it now, I see why.
If I had a penny for every time someone said they think I have OCD, Id have 1,526 pennies.
When 20 was hungry, 28.
Riot police like to get to work early so that they can beat the crowds.
Prison bars dont serve liquor.
I ordered a vault and speakers to be delivered to my home, thankfully they arrived safe and sound.
So, the dirty criminal walked into a bar....
They may not be the brightest, but you'll never see the Resistance charge through an ohmless shelter.
I wear my hair down more often than knot.
Polygon's not bad for video game news, they tell stories from more than one side.
I have been reading a horror novel in braille, and something bad is about to happen, I can feel it.
An open grave in a cemetery is a plot hole.
My struggle with steroid addiction has only made me stronger.
Sign language is quite handy.
My life as a car interior thief has taken a backseat.
Ive just been fired from the clock making factory after all those extra hours I put in.
Internet lag is a
If I see a spider in my house, I put a mirror in front of it to see if we're on the same page.
At night I used to lie in my twin bed and wonder where my brother was.
"You're a malignant cancer," the first guy said. His friend replied: "At least I'm good at what I do."
I broke up with my android GF because she was too code dependent
Truech.
I have to wonder what my imaginary friend is doing.
As an architect, I try not to spend too much time designing HOV lanes because I don't want to develop carpool tunnel syndrome.
I tell this joke about hyperbole, but I feel like Ive had to explain it a million times.
Dolphins are basically just acoustic sharks.
i have some tips for unemployed people but their not working
Literally is literally the most misused word in the English Dictionary.
A graph that fails the vertical line test simply can't function.
Props to assholes; They've been through all kinds of shit
A prisoner is someone who stands behind their convictions.
Amazing artists can always draw a crowd.
With the vast variety of digital threats out there, it's more important than ever to beware of geeks bearing .gifs
Tagging is one way to ensure your friend wastes the same amount of time as you did.
playing catch with a clock is a good way to pass time
I didn't believe it when they said I cut down the tree, then I saw it.
I thought my entire door was growing hair, but it was only my locks.
If you took the whole solar system and shrunk it down so that the Sun was at your head and the orbit of Pluto was at your feet, Uranus would be just where you'd expect it to be.
When someone tells you to get a life, take theirs.
I couldnt tell where the gunfire was coming from, then it hit me.
My wife and I bought a water bed recently, but since then, weve drifted apart.
I couldnt figure out how to fasten my seat belt and then, it clicked.
I was at a funeral the other day and a couple in front of me were loudly arguing about which herb goes best with which fish and I could only think it wasnt the Thyme or Plaice.
I stumbled across a website for clumsy people.
Ever since I got fired from the double-sided buttplug factory, I've had trouble making ends meet
The idea of freshly made farmhouse pies is usually a pile of bullshit.
I was going to visit my neighbors yard, but I'm on the fence about it.
There is no "I" in "orgy."
I was out last night with 2 bees: it was buzzin'.
When a duck pulls down his underwear, you can see his butt quack.
The whole world should be worried that North Korea has a missile that can hit New York, because if it can make it there, it can make it anywhere.
My wife was furious at me for kicking dropped ice-cubes under the refrigerator, but now its just water under the fridge.
When I see lovers names engraved on a tree, I dont find it cute or romantic, I just find it weird how many people take knives with them on dates.
The inventor of throat lozenges has died and therell be no coffin at his funeral.
I hate jokes that rely on visual imagery, I mean, Ive had it right up to here with them.
I used to own a racing snail and I thought taking its shell off would make it faster, but it only made it more sluggish.
I just finished reading a 300 page transcription of an audio book
Professional tree surgeons arboring.
If Vanilla Ice goes into a sauna, is his sweat edible?
I've been on the Tomorrow Diet for three years now.
All narrow-minded people are ugly.
Sometimes I wish I was a spanish train so that I could have some self-esteam.
I told my stylish friend I wanted to be my own tailor and he said "Suit yourself."
Being a werewolf plumber is risky- you never know when there will be a full moon.
My boss gave me the sandal because I didnt mess up enough yet to get the boot.
Fishermen lost a boatload of money in a raw shrimp deala total Prawnzi scheme.
I wish I was toilet paper so I can touch that fine ass.
Same shit different day, unless you're a plumber. Then it's different shit same day.
Where do you take a photographic memory to be developed?
Remember: Time flies like the wind, but fruit flies prefer bananas.
I tried reading Aristotle, but it was all Greek to me
I'd give you the shirt off my back to prove that I'm a nudist.
My surgeon asked me if he should operate my tumour, I told him it was a no brainer
I thought I would enjoy dildos, but really they're just a pain in the ass
A politician is someone who will double cross that bridge when they come to it.
My doctor was checking my balls for lumps the other day, but it got quite awkward when I ran my fingers through his hair.
I'm slowly becoming a Tai Chi master
I just bought a Monopoly set, but there aren't any instructions, I mean, what are the chances?!
I woke up this morning and found out that I'd turned into a cat, but don't ask meow.
I think I have ahlzheimers...at least I don't have ahlzheimers
I backed a horse named Creosote today, amazing over fences
We're used to terms like "filthy rich" and "dirt poor"but whatever happened to clean and comfortable?
Im so sad about Toys R Us going out of business Im going to buy a DVD player from Circuit City and rent a movie from BlockBuster.
All in all, it was a good orgy.
If you like listening to music while having sex, choose a live album, that way, you get applause every 3 to 4 minutes.
There's only one problem with your face, I can see it.
Don't you hate it when people answer their own questions? I do.
A termite walks into a bar and says: is the bar (knocks on counter) tender here?
Taking viagra by mistake is a lesson you learn the hard way.
You can't plant flowers if you haven't botany.
I am the best at sleeping. I can do it with my eyes closed.
Never trust an Electrician with fuzzy hair.
I'm not saying plastic surgery cured my depression, but it definitely put a smile on my face.
A bingo game cut a few corners. It wasn't fair or square.
A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a beer and a mop.
I sprained my wrists so yes, I am saving myself for you.
I name my pets literally- my dogs name is Killer... and my cats name is Buttlicker.
Is my ex-wife's new husband my ex-husband in-law?
Old McDonald had an OCD...E E I I O.
Satanists can go to hell.
I'm terrible with names, but every Tom, Rick and Harry knows that.
Waterboarding at Guantanamo Bay sounds rad if you don't know what either of these things are
I prefer to call my condition CDO, that way, it's in alphabetical order.
The world is your oyster. Too bad I fucking hate oysters.
A man is talking to his wife
I won the Embarrassing Bodies contest by D fault.
If every letter "t" was silent, we'd never hear the end of it.
My grandpa started walking 5 miles a day when he turned 60 -- he's 97 now, and we have no idea where the hell he is.
One of the Russian acrobats in their traveling pyramid act has been deported, so now they don't have Oleg to stand on.
Harry Potter's favorite boy band is Wand Erection.
If you cry after winning the lottery, are you really financially stable?
You're so base, your PH level must be OVER 9,000!
I drink socially with my neighbors, but I guess I take it on faith that they are drinking at the same time over there.
I'm not homeless, and I'm not a donator, so MitchJones might help me? 
I've just seen the most confusing book, "Ventriloquism for Dummies."
/r/Oneliners Monthly Contest (#13, April 2018)
Last night, I had to get up and take the batteries out of my carbon monoxide detector, because the constant beeping was making me dizzy and giving me a headache.
Man with authority walks into a bar and orders everyone a round.
I lost my job as a stage designer today and I left without making a scene.
Is it true that an apple a day keeps the doctor away or is it just one of Granny's myths?
I went to a pet shop and put a sign saying 'chameleon' next to an empty cage.
Whoever said laughter is the best medicine, clearly hasnt tried curing diarrhea with a tickle fight.
I tried to tell my friend ten puns to make her laugh, but no pun in ten did.
A dyslexic man walks into a bra
I am addicted to porn, and I need to beat it.
Most of my ancestors died of old age - must be bad genes
Dracula was masturbating in front of a mirror - I bet he didn't see that coming
Man with two crows was charged with attempted murder.
I entered a palindrome contest today and I got top spot.
Ive been thinking of writing a mystery novel or have I?
When my wife accused me of being self-important, I was so surprised, I nearly fell off my throne.
Now that its been proven that dogs can sniff out cancer, does that mean the end of the cat scan?
Will Will Smith smith? Yes! Will Smith will smith.
Every triangle is a love triangle when you love triangles.
If I listen to the radio while I exercise, does that make me radioactive?
When a snail loses its shell it looks sluggish.
I hate food going to waist.
A good baker will rise to the occasion, it's the yeast he can do.
If towels could tell jokes they would probably have a dry sense of humor.
Grocery store workers must let the customer decide if they want paper or plastic because baggers can't be choosers.
Maybe plants are farming us, supplying us with oxygen until we all die, then compose in the ground and feed them.
Today was a Good Friday
My gardener friend told me that she's so excited for Spring, that she wet her plants.
Bathing in the equator seas is not very cool
Hello and welcome to Pervert Club, if you'd just like to shake the penis of the man next to you.
Why did the thesaurus traverse the road?
Planned parenthood name is really ironic.
My doctor told me I need gene therapy and I said what does the X-Men have to do with cancer.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
I'm studying fractions in school this year and I'm 50 percent through the course.
With great reflexes, comes great response ability.
The 13th Amendment makes it illegal to buy people, but, apparently, it doesnt apply to congressmen.
When a King and Queen have no children, it's a receding heir line.
My dads addicted to ladders and he keeps using them to get high.
I dont like the term anal bleaching, I prefer changing your ring tone.
Do You want to be my SLUT? Sweet Little Unforgetable Thing
Last night I had platonic sex.
I think I'm going to hire the same landscaper I used last year - he was really easy to get a lawn with.
For facebook, getting personal data was like stealing cookies from a baby.
Things people say
Do gluten-free households have a breadwinner?
SJWs take aim at violent rhetoric.
If an elderly lady is on a crowded bus wondering why no one is giving up their seat, she is on the roof.
It was a mistake to buy shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with but I've been tripping all day.
I refused to believe I was gay and dyslexic until I realized I was in Daniel.
Dark humor is like drunk driving. It kills when you cross over the line.
My ex said I was selfish, like I was drinking all that pineapple juice for me.
Cheap Circumcisions are a rip off.
Alabama changed the drinking age to 34 because they want to keep alcohol out of the high schools.
I've fallen in love with a pencil and we're getting married and I just can't wait to introduce my parents to my bride 2B!
Native Americans hate snow because it's white and settles on their land.
I started a company selling land mines that look like prayer mats and prophets are really going through the roof!
I got fired from my job as a taxi driver because it turns out, my customers didn't like it when I tried to go the extra mile.
Thank you student loans, for getting me through college, I don't think I can ever repay you.
I read that a banana a day helps to keep your colon clean, but I just wish someone had told me I was supposed to eat them.
I'm in a band called Duvet.
He who tells one too many lightbulb jokes quickly burns out.
Tapping ones penis on the side of a bell can be addicting
About to pull the trigger on a gun metaphor.
To be fair, you shouldn't sit in the sun for too long.
Camping sex: It's in tents
I didn't like my beard at first, but it's growing on me.
There's no shortcut to becoming a hairstylist.
Bear fights can often turn grizzly.
I usually take steps to avoid elevators.
I've never heard anyone impersonate a mute.
Do bookends have a shelf life?
Misusing letters in the alphabet suits me to a P.
People who cant be bothered to quote sayings right, really get my coat.
An old man drove past me on a tractor this morning, told me the end was nigh and I do believe it was Farmer Gedden.
To anyone suffering from paranoia...you are not alone.
Some asshole gave me pinkeye.
The world tongue-twister champion just got arrested. I hear theyre gonna give him a really tough sentence.
Did you hear about the Physicist Comedian? He was relatively funny.
I have a low tolerance when it comes to alcohol; we aren't on best terms right now.
I have low tolerance when it comes to alcohol; we aren't on best terms right now.
Misusing letters in the alphabet suits me to a P.
I really wanted a camouflage shirt, but I couldn't find one.
Velcros are just a big rip-off.
I dig, you dig, she dig, we dig, you digthe poem may not be beautiful, but it's certainly very deep.
It's a piece of cake to seduce a large woman.
I googled "how to start a wildfire" and I got 50,000 matches.
Whenever I get undressed in the bathroom, my shower gets turned on.
I'm so depressed, I find comfort food mildly painful.
If at first you don't succeed then skydiving definitely isn't for you.
I'm having trouble finishing the quadratic equation, and I don't know why.
When I tried to have a conversation with my wife as she was applying a mud pack, you should have seen the filthy look she gave me.
Would we call Al Gore dancing an Algorythym?
DNA defines you, no matter which way you splice it.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
In her anger, my girlfriend gave me the cold shoulder by snatching my umbrella away.
I dont finish anyth
Ingenudity is when you get a good idea in the shower.
I may be dumb, but that doesn't mean I'm not smart!
As soon as the airplane was invented, things were looking up.
My tennis opponent was not happy with my serve, he kept returning it.
Technically, alcohol is a solution.
A very tired forgetful husband is greeted by his wife in sexy outfit at the front door and he says, "Sorry I gave at the office"
Inspecting mirrors is a job I could really see myself doing.
A stitch in time makes it 10 past 4.
A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a beer and a mop
If you're wondering how I became a philosopher, well, there's no short answer.
I'm a big fan of adoption - I think it runs in my families.
The skill of origami is two fold
Maybe when God was creating the centipede he fell asleep with his elbow on the Leg button
Fake tasers are also known as teasers.
Im about to start reading Great Expectations but I dont have high hopes for it...
Every prostitute has a unique selling point.
The O's in "monotonous" are quite monotonous.
The word, diputseromneve may look ridiculous, but backwards, its even more stupid.
My fear of moving stairs is escalating.
If vampires, werewolves, aliens, yeties and zombies created an activist movement they'd be VWXYZ.
Short people are always looked down upon.
32[f4m]
I met a comedian once... He was a stand-up guy.
I frogot what you toad me, probably because I'm a tadpolish.
If Shakespeare cooked breakfast, he'd make a hamlet.
I wonder if I could board an international flight with my emotional support cannabis plant?
My car is so broken the only thing that works fine is the check engine light.
The zoo animal I feel the worst for is the giraffe because he can constantly see the way out.
A dildo is the sex toy most likely to be referenced in a hobbit rap battle
I met a cripple with erectile dysfunction.
Toasters were the first form of pop up notifications.
At our firm we don't tolerate redundancy at our firm
Maybe if we all emailed the Constitution to each other, the NSA will finally read it.
Words cannot express how limited my vocabulary is.
Ive got very sensitive teeth, as a matter of fact, theyll probably be upset Ive told you.
I keep writing letters to myself...dear me.
Life is sexually transmitted and the mortality rate is 100%
In case of a fire, do not use elevator, use water.
As the sperm swims towards the egg, I can't help but think that I've ruined this fried breakfast.
I used to enjoy the rain, but now I'm sheltered.
Midwives help people out
Obstetrician Physicians really deliver!
I have kleptomania but I'm taking something for it.
I went to a sex-addicts anonymous meeting, but nobody there actually wanted to give a fuck.
Sometimes I cook with hate just to see if anyone can really tell the difference.
I'm a devout athiest, I don't go to church every Sunday
Man walks into a bar.... Ouch
A blind man walks into a Pub and sits on the bar
I got a job filling in for a clock, but it's only part-time...
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and Ive never looked back since.
I like to hold hands at the movies, which always seems to startle strangers.
I was at the cash machine the other day, when a little old lady came up to me and asked me to check her balance for her, so I pushed her over.
Someone ripped some pages out of both ends of my dictionary today and now it just goes from bad to worse.
People in Dubai don't like the Flintstones, but people in Abu Dhabi do.
An empty website is pointless.
If you want to make your water bed more bouncy, use spring water.
I may not be a good lover, but at least I'm quick.
Cheer up your local waste collectors! They're usually down in the dumps.
The man asked me for the way to the hospital, so I pushed him into the road.
A dyslexic man walked into a bra.
Dogs and women both shake their ass if they like you
I can't tell the difference between all the female pop stars of the 2000s; they're all Britney's peers to me.
If teachers were not armed, they'd have to write with their feet.
I recently bought a muzzle for my duck, its nothing flashy but it fits the bill.
When it comes to the Palestinian Conflict, the struggle Israel.
I keep swiping right, but none of my dates work out, maybe I should lose the broom.
If you have Tourette's and halitosis then your life sucks.
Making porn videos gives you a higher chance of going viral.
People often say that my life must be tough living with erectile dysfunction, but honestly, it's not so hard.
Girls spend hours deciding what to wear and all guys do is try to picture them naked.
I've found a job helping a one armed typist do capital letters, but it's only shift work.
This is my step ladder...I...I...I never knew my real ladder.
My wife asked me to get some pills to help me get an erection, so I bought her some diet pills.
My wife said I needed to get more in touch with my feminine side, so I crashed the car, burnt dinner and completely ignored her all night for no reason.
Socialism jokes are only funny if everybody gets them.
Rockcorn is basically popcorn that likes to mosh.
I think I was born in the wrong century because I really like reading Shakespeare and also I like to behead French people who I think support King Louis XVI.
All that seafood for dinner made me a little eel.
Is sawhorse the past tense of seahorse?
I'm a bigger fan of Steve Jobs' older brother, Hand and his sister, Blow.
What idiot called it a paternity test and not a pop quiz?
There is a fine line between a numerator and a denominator.
The coolest part about dystopian novels is using the word "dystopian" when you tell your friends about them.
I totally understand how batteries feel because Im rarely ever included in things either.
When my wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo, I just had to put my foot down.
When I told my girlfriend that she drew her eyebrows too high, she looked surprised.
A ninja took my shoes and now they're sneakers.
You should take my advice..... I don't use it anyways.
Has anyone else noticed the Miss Universe beauty pageant has only ever been won by people from earth?
TIL England doesnt have a kidney bank, but it does have a Liverpool
If Las Vegas were a person, it would look like Guy Fieri.
Never iron a 4-leaf clover, because then you are just pressing your luck.
I'm very empathic to sociopaths
Dolphins are just gay sharks
As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in schools.
My sister bet me $100 I couldnt build a working car out of spaghetti and you should have seen the look on her face as I drove pasta.
I love everything about Switzerland and their flag is a big plus too.
My friend drowned in a half-empty bath tub yesterday and yet, he was normally so optimistic.
Feminine hygiene jokes are the lowest form of humor - period.
Someone has stolen my Microsoft Office and they are going to pay for it, you have my Word.
I didn't want to give the brain surgeon a piece of my mind.
My new theory on inertia doesn't seem to be gaining momentum.
I have a Polish friend who is a sound engineer and I have a Czech one too.
Wherever my dad is I'm sure he's looking down on us. He's not dead, just very condescending.
You have 5 extra chromosomes. Usually humans can't survive with that many, but your body is too stupid to know that.
Erotic is using a feather, kinky is using the whole chicken.
Did you hear about the cannibal who dumped his girlfriend?
If a fire-fighter's business can go up in smoke, and a plumber's business can go down the drain, can a hooker get laid off?
Is the last thing that Tickle Me Elmo gets before leaving the factory two test tickles?
69% of people find something dirty in every sentence.
My wife asked me to bring home a baby monitor, but based on her reaction I think she might have preferred a smaller lizard.
My mom suggested buttering up my Prof. a bit before asking to retake my examkinky but great advice!
I wrote a book on penguins, but in retrospect, I realize that paper would have been easier.
Seamstress is caused by wearing tight clothing.
Ski jumpers are inclined to be fast.
I kept hinting I wanted a puzzle for my birthday, but I guess my girlfriend couldn't put the pieces together.
I buttered up my teacher before the final exam, kinky but great advice. Thanks mom!
I accidentally super-glued my thumb and index finger together today, and I started to panic, but then I realized it's always going to be okay.
A book just fell on my head, but Ive only got my shelf to blame.
If you were dating an FBI agent and you broke up, he would be your fed ex.
The best salesman at a funeral home is always the Top Urner.
The first French fries werent actually cooked in France, they were cooked in Greece.
I used to be a mute, but I don't like to talk about it.
Kids who have one-to-one tuition are in a class of their own.
This soup is un-fork-getable.
There was a fire at the shoe factory, 100 soles were lost.
After Lorne unexpectedly left his girlfriend, she was always looking forlorn.
He was having a hard time deciding between north or south, so we gave him some latitude.
I told a pun to a kleptomaniac, but he took it. Literally!
The gun rights advocate kept asking me loaded questions
So, this week vegans mourned the death of their favourite vegetable.
I really cant stand it when homeless guys shake their cups of money at me, I mean, do they really have to rub it in that theyve got more cash than I do?!
When garlic gets hot, it takes its cloves off.
Either you understand what a tautology is or you don't.
I saw a shooting star last night and it was all that I could have wished for.
I told an insecure midget that he was selling himself short
I saw a gas station that had two signs "help wanted" and "self serve", so I hired myself
I told under confident midget, don't sell yourself short
My girlfriend broke up with me because Im a compulsive gambler and ever since, all I can think about, is how to win her back.
I'm so great at being lazy that my doctor told me to expect atrophy.
Brevity is...wit.
I'll fuck anything with a pulse; I can't fuck anything without one.
Sometimes I wake up grumpy, sometimes I let her sleep in.
sluts vs studs
As a kid, I took as many music lessons as I could until guitar center arrested me for shoplifting.
Taking a Cold shower is something you have to warm up to.
My brother took flying lessons. They asked him to stop.
You know you've spent too much time at the office when you dial 0 at home for an outside line.
I like my coffee like I like my women, full of booze.
I like my coffee like I like my women, respected for their contributions in the home and workplace
One of the best things about being forgetful is
I didn't want to publish my unfinished article in the magazine, but my editor really forced the issue.
Working as a janitor at a pet hospital comes with a handful of duties.
I can do a freakishly good impersonation of a loser with no money
The key to eternal life is to find a list of "100 books you need to read before you die" and then make sure you don't read them.
The furniture maker was outstanding at inlaying.
Sign language is the least spoken language in the world.
Young geese grow up and grow down at the same time.
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger, and then it hit me
Support bacteria - they're the only culture some people have.
Im very good friends with 25 letters of the alphabet, but I dont know why.
The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades.
Theres no I in denial.
I dont want to brag, but I do speak a little Latin, I mean, Im not fluent or anything, but Im sure if I ever went there, I could get by.
My girlfriend and I often laugh about how competitive we are, but I laugh more.
When something doesn't fit into place, don't force it, just get a bigger hammer.
I went into a second hand store to get my watch repaired.
The earliest mention of cars is in the Bible when Adam and Eve were driven out of the Garden of Eden.
I tried to take a photograph without much focus until finally it clicked.
The inept mathematician couldn't count on his friends.
If you wear a blindfold at the shooting range, you won't know what you're missing.
The jogger who overslept found himself running late.
Abandon all hope ye who enter her.
Achieved a new personal best in the 100 yard dash today -- 43 yards.
In five years, I expect to see myself in a mirror.
I am near certain that mosqitoes,spiders, cockroaches rats and snakes bribed their way into the Ark.
She can't come in first, if you cum in seconds.
I work at the IRS, it's really taxing.
Remember, if you smoke after sex, youre doing it too fast.
A push-up bra is like a bag of chips, it isn't until you open it that you realize it's half-empty.
I didn't like my hair at first, but it's starting to grow on me.
When having circulation problems, editors go to a doctor.
In the military, smells are described according to rank.
I think there are about 1-2 million baseball fields in the world, but that's just a ballpark number.
The word nun is just the letter n doing a forward roll.
What's the interest in Daylight Saving?
I had sex for an hour last night. It's daylight savings time : (.
I had sex for an hour and three minutes this morning, thank you daylight savings time!
I sell my weed on tv cause it looks 10 pounds heavier
I only wear camouflage clothing when I'm feeling fatigued.
Just imagine, for a moment, if there were no hypothetical situations.
Jackson Pollock: Great artist, piss poor pictionary partner.
Have you heard about the glass soccerball? You'd get a kick out of it.
Russia has started a new website that tracks down and deletes pirated movies called Nyetflix.
Ive been reading so much about the bad effects of smoking, drinking and drugs, that Ive finally decided to give up reading.
Grandfather clocks are real old timers.
If America switched from pounds to kilograms overnight, there would be mass confusion.
According to my grandma, there is nothing you cant clean with your thumb and some saliva.
I hear meta jokes are top tier humour.
Swedish battleships have barcode camouflage so harbourmasters can Scandinavian
I'd like to post a self-desiccating joke to this sub, but I'm afraid it'd be too dry for most audiences.
Sad news. I've just heard that the bloke who invented predictive text has pissed away. His funfair is next monkey.
How I Met Your Mother was the longest Ted talk ever.
I'm going to the doctor's later. I reckon I've got pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis but it's hard to say
My sexual desires have been getting out of control, but it wasnt until I spanked a statue, that I knew Id hit rock bottom.
I don't get the hate for Necromancers, can't a guy just raise a family in peace?
Everything is in your head, if you think about it.
A will is a dead giveaway.
The man who killed Hitler is a great man.
At a seafood restaurant at sea world, I was halfway through my fish taco when I realized I could be eating a slow learner.
I was eating a fish taco at sea world and suddenly realized I could be eating a slow learner.
A colleague asked me to give her and exampled of double entendre, so I gave her one.
They say we should pay our taxes with a smile, so I tried, but they wanted cash.
My girlfriend told me to go out and get something that makes her look sexy, so I got drunk.
I refused to believe my road worker father was stealing from his job, but when I got home, all the signs were there.
The first time I got a universal remote control, I thought to myself, "This changes everything!"
Throwing acid is wrong, in some people's eyes.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way, so I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
I went to Chernobyl and got some iced coffee. Then I accidentally spilled some on myself and now I have third degree burns.
I was-a tortellini in a past-a life.
I tried to study Confucius, but only ended up confused.
I listened to the song "Jolene" while I was taking a dump and now i have postparton depression.
Opossums are Irish possums.
I finaly figurd out how to turn off auto currect penis blowhole but my turrets sindrome is pickin up most of the slack
I told 10 puns today hoping to get a laugh, but no pun in ten did.
Why do noses run, but feet smell?
Noses run, but feet smell.
Ive been working on inventing a belt that doubles as a watch...
Im getting really sick and tried of auto correct jokes.
If two vegans are angry at eachother, is it beef?
Yoga pants dont make yoga any easier and wearing wife beaters don't make her listen any better
Why pay and park when you can steal and run.
Five out of four people dont understand how fractions work.
Only 1 in 7 dwarfs are happy
A detective is driving around in an unmarked car. The car hasn't been spotted yet.
did you hear about that explosion at the cheese factory? debrie went everywhere
If someone tells you they're xenaphobic, it means they're afraid of warrior princesses.
I tried to write a joke about a hoarse frog, but it was deribbitive.
I just melted an ice cube by staring at it, but it took a bit longer than I thought it would though.
5 out of 6 scientists say that Russian roulette is safe.
Jesus told everyone to like and subscribe to God, and also to remember to click the bell.
I threw a boomerang five years ago, it never came back and now I live in constant fear.
Rental cars are the true All Terrain Vehicles.
A rose by any other name just confuses people
Well if it ain't the human boomerang, always coming back to me.
I'm creating a new cryptocurrency called 'Exposure,' so artists can finally get paid.
If your partner found you having sex with an invisible person would they see that as me-time?
I went to a fraud prevention seminar, but when I got there it was cancelled and the tickets were non-refundable.
Working with gutters is seriously draining.
After a disappointing summer, Humpty Dumpty has a great fall.
I did a course in calligraphy because I thought it would look good on my CV
There are 10 types of people in the world... there are those who understand binary and those that don't!
I just read about the Baader-Meinhof phenomenon and now I keep seeing it referenced everywhere.
My life looks like a wealthy person's life threw up. It's all the same stuff, there's just less of it and it doesn't look as good.
Abstinence has made me a great problem solver; it forces me to think outside the box.
Due to his Tariffs on imported aluminum, Trump's supporters will be crafting their hats from 100% American foil.
I read an article on chewing gum, I thought it hard to swallow.
Claustrophobia opens so many doors!
My monthly salary was just increased by 2 chickens plus a duck. I'm not impressed. It's a poultry sum.
Literally just a picture of nothing
The gender of an ant can be determined by throwing it into a puddle of water; if it sinks it's a girl ant, if it floats it's a boy ant.
After Monday and Tuesday even the calendar says W T F.
Shout out to all of the hard of hearing quadriplegics... Gotta hand it to em!
School shooters have no class.
i used to hate math but then i realized decimal have a point.
A man who started a fight, wearing a costume made completely out of mirrors, apologized once he had time to sit down and reflect.
you havent failed until youre dead and didnt win yet
in 10 easily 1 people muddled are.
Photons have mass? I didn't even know they were Catholic!
Its hard to orchestrate a musical pun
I sometimes worry that the person who thought up Reality TV may be thinking up something else.
Every relationship is a long distance relationship if you have short legs.
The punishment for not using an Oxford comma should be jail time, a fine and community service.
I like to spoon in bed, anyone else enjoy heroin?
James bonds with beautiful ladies only.
Just moved in a new apartment, I'm giving away free copies of Mortal Kombat to my friends cause of the "Furnish Him" voice.
Just moved in a new appartment, I'm giving away free copies of Mortal Kombat to my friends cause of the "Furnish Him" voice.
According to this notice from the Game &amp; Fish Department I'm not allowed to eat Taco Bell again until I clear the dead birds off my roof.
My doctor couldn't tell what was wrong with me, but she gave it her best shot.
Tall men and short men have different points of view, but the middlemen take the profits.
For as long as I can remember, I've had memories.
Ive started a dating site for chickens, I mean, its not my full-time job, Im just doing it to make hens meet.
Without a doubt, my favorite Robin Williams movie is Mrs. Fire.
"Dark" is spelled with a 'k' and not 'c' because you cant see in the dark.
If you rearrange the letters of postmen," they get really annoyed.
In high school, some kids told me theyd give me $20 to hang out with them, but it turns out it was just clique bait.
Nobody does self-deprecating humor better than I do.
Now that Ive dissolved my ego, I feel like a total badass.
Until I met my wife I felt incomplete. Now I'm finished.
My father was brutally murdered last week and it's only now I can look back and Laugh.
Whenever I read a list saying Top 10 things to do before you die, Im always surprised that yell for a doctor is never #1.
I think Im balding, and Im totally losing hair over it.
Those funny little hairs in your ears are just cilia.
The finish line of a marathon is a site for sore thighs.
Whenever life seems to go by too fast, just go to any museum, problem solved.
Pontius Pilate nailed it.
Whenever I see someone with one eye, I ask them if it was all fun and games up to that point.
As i was sitting doing nothing i decided to start meditation.
One-liner
One-liner
The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.
They all laughed when I told them that one day, I would discover the secret of invisibility, but if they could only see me now...
Try mixing Viagra and Prozac, so even if you dont get a fuck, you wont give a fuck.
My doctor has given me some anti-gloating cream, but I don't want to rub it in.
I'm hosting a benefit concert for people who struggle to achieve orgasm. So if you can't come, let me know.
Portion sizes are large because they have to cater to an inflating population.
Narcissists, they wanna have a good long look at themselves in a mirror.
I don't hate condiments, I relish it.
I don't hate condiments, i relish it.
Don't try to crack my password, it is impossible2guess.
I found a one liner at the curtain store, when I went to look for new material.
I can safely say there's a condom lodged between my teeth.
It must suck to be a virgin when you realize that even a chicken has gotten laid before.
The left eye turns to the right eye and says "just between us, something smells."
My uncle once asked me to spell schadenfreude and I couldn't but he's dead now and I'm not so I win.
One time my uncle asked me to spell schadenfreude and I couldn't but he dead now and I'm not so I win.
I once nearly had a psychic girlfriend but she left me before we met.
Im In Shape.
Gender fluidity is becoming so commonplace, Im seeing more and more women rocking the Man-Bun.
I just opened my electric bill and water bill at the same time and was completely shocked.
My Yoga teacher turned up drunk today which put me in a very awkward position.
I took a course in soft furnishings because it's always something you can fall back on.
I drink straight out of the wine bottle while cooking... I think that's what they mean by reducing it.
Sorry for name dropping, The Queen hates it when I do that
I woke up last night to find the ghost of Gloria Gaynor standing at the foot of my bed... at first I was afraid, then I was petrified.
I never make predictions, and I never will.
If anyone here knows telepathy
Research shows that over 60% if incomplete data
The voices in my head talk to me in sign language.
Space heaters are the perfect housewarming gifts.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic, and so am I.
"Be careful in that snow and if you break your leg don't come running to me!"
Space heaters are the perfect housewarming gift
Introducing the new iPhone XS with more features than you would ever want or need.
/r/Oneliners Monthly Contest (#12, Mar 2018)
If pigs could fly, I bet their wings would taste delicious.
I feel like a gay dude joke is too offensive for this sub, butt fuck it
A courtroom artist was arrested today for an unknown reason... the details are sketchy.
Put a coat on that cow, it's Friesian!
Tried to compete in a quick draw competition, but no matter what I did I couldn't finish drawing anything before getting shot.
Seven days of having anal sex makes a whole week.
I was going to start an annuity, but decided to play it by year.
I'm a man of my word, and I keep my fucking mouth shut.
You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish.
Who called them BBW instead of tit beasts.
I'm a man of my word, and I try to keep my f-cking mouth shut.
Mistake is like an ass, you always see someone else's.
If youre always positive youre gonna hate your STD test results.
You're old enough to remember when emojis were called "hieroglyphics."
I brought a blunt with me hiking, i was as high as a mountain!
I was writing a letter with invisible ink, but I didnt realize I ran out.
Theres a new and really popular apartment complex called Oedipus; everyone and their mother is moving there.
Dr. Frankenstein entered a body building contest and soon discovered he had seriously misunderstood the objective.
The terms "cattle," "beef," and "udder" are always afraid of everything - because they're just a bunch of cow words.
Dieting is making me into a loser.
Washing dishes can be very draining.
My name is Oedipus, motherfucker!
I handle change well by putting it into the parking meter.
I bought two shoes for the price of one.
I would tell you a Casey Anthony joke, but my mom would kill me.
I want to tell jokes about unemployed people, but none of them work.
Frankenstein enters into a body building competition and finds he has seriously misunderstood the objective.
I used to think golden showers made you rich. Then I found out it makes you president.
My wife is like the inspiration to a Kanye song... Heartless.
My girlfriend is absolutely beautiful, with a body like a Greek statue - completely pale, no arms.
When I was younger I felt like a man trapped inside a womans body and then I was born.
As a kid I was made to walk the plank, because we couldnt afford a dog.
Ballerinas are always on their toes. Why don't they just get taller ballerinas?
I used to be addicted to swimming, but Im very proud to say, Ive been dry for six years.
One in four frogs, is a leap frog.
I am building a trapeze but I cant quite get the right angles.
Wrestlers don't like to be put on hold.
I called a phone number on the back of a truck, but one of the middle digits fell off so I accidentally stole the guys social security number.
The secret to achieving Hyperspace is to put sugar in space, youre welcome.
My prostate was so experienced, he didn't even need to ask for my details.
Going to get tested for arthritis tomorrow, fingers crossed!
I bought a retarded dog. He likes to chase parked cars.
Doctor said I got this skin rash from an unusually high intake of cream &amp; chocolate. Said it's the worst case of Cadbury Eggsama he's seen.
They say that eating oysters put led in your pencil - shame I have no-one to write to.
I was going to post a time traveling joke, but you guys didnt like it.
Ladies and Gentlemen,lets have a big hand for Lobsters!
While I do think pennies should be abolished, I can see both sides of the argument.
My doctor told me i had a drinking problem. Then i told him vodka is a mixture of alcohol suspended in a solvent of water. So i also have a drinking solution.
Collecting trash on my first day as a garbage man wasn't hard, I just picked it up as I went along.
When cartoonists want to decide who's the best, they draw lots.
When a spy gets cold, he goes undercover.
I had a fan installed inside my head and it's blowing my mind.
Waldo wears stripes because he doesn't want to be spotted.
You gotta hand it to midgets, because some times, they can't reach.
What if Bing was just some guy in an office Googling for you and doing his best.
Taint nothin but a perineum
I know carpal bones like the back of my hand.
My wife was rushing out the door, she said her yoga class doesn't admit you if you're late. You'd think they'd be more flexible.
My grief counsellor was so good that when he died, I didnt care.
The inventor of the time machine gained fifty years in one day.
I come from a long line of men who refuse to stand in line.
Condoms are for pussies.
I was just made redundant; my mother's given birth to her second child.
Turd burglars disgust me because they always take shit literally.
My 50 year kindergarten reunion is coming up soon and Im worried about the 175 pounds Ive gained since then
If you are googling for help for your gambling addiction, dont press the Im feeling lucky button.
I find the best way to burn carbs is with a toaster.
I would never date Mavis Beacon, she's not my type.
I went to the library to see if they had that book on living with a small penis. She said "I don't think it's in yet". I said "Yeah that's the one".
What is ignorance?
Prepare to be underwhelmed.
Can a comedian in a wheel chair do stand up comedy?
I love homeless people. I wish there was more of them.
Whenever I watch E.T. I think, "Just get to the point."
To get over my one true love, it's gonna take a real special woman, or, a bunch of regular ones.
If sex with animals wasnt great, it would be legal and people just wouldnt do it
I asked my girlfriend if she thought my erotic courtroom role-playing idea was weird, and she said 'You be the judge.'
I asked my girlfriend if she thought my erotic courtroom role-playing idea was weird and she said 'You be the judge.'
Objectively, watching Trump try to President brings to mind the deeply horrifying Mary Roach audition on American Idol.
Im willing to bet but Im not willing to bet money
I'm not sure how many problems I have beacuse math is one of them
Im so broke that a burglar woke me up last night to give some financial advice.
"We should rename the Ar-15 'Marco Rubio' - because it is so easy to buy." (original credit to Parkland shooting survivor)
The gun debate is like a bible, carved out to hold a gun.
When I was younger, I was adopted by two gay men, but I had to leave shortly afterwards as I didn't like the way I was being reared.
My girlfriend dressed up as a policewoman and told me I was under arrest on suspicion of being good in bed, but after 2 minutes, all charges were dropped due to a lack of evidence.
How much does a horse neigh? Enough to wake the lice.
I wanted to undo some sanding, but my work just ended up being defiled.
Brevity is.
On a scale of 0-1, how much do you like binary?
My wife wouldn't trade me for anything. She only takes cash.
I just had a vasectomy; it was a snip at $30.
Rabbit necromancy is hare-raising.
To err is human; to moo bovine.
They used to be called "jumpolines" until your mom jumped on one in 1975.
Is the phrase I went to chipotle with Aristotle funnier if you mispronounce Chipotle, or Aristotle?
I should win an Oscar for acting like Im busy at work.
Cheap circumcisions are a rip-off.
Give me freedom or give me death, sounds like an alternative to the death penalty
Much like a guillotine operator, I'm just trying to get a head in life.
They say you need a good retirement plan, some people have thousands of dollars saved up, I dont get it, you can get a pair of tires at the junkyard for 25$.
You know whats really awesome punctuation
Someone ripped some pages out of both ends of my dictionary today and now it just goes from bad to worse.
People are choosing cremation over traditional burial, which shows that they're thinking outside of the box.
When you dream in color, is it a pigment of your imagination?
I haven't slept for ten days, because that would be far too long.
My ex-wife still misses me, but her aim is steadily improving.
If you spent your day in a well, can you say your day was well-spent?
My socks got so holy, I could only wear them to church.
People who are attracted to cats are purrverts.
Work at a Funeral Parlor is a serious undertaking.
People attracted the cats are purrverts.
I think that the worst celebrity to meet in person would be Chris Hansen.
German sausages are the wurst!
It doesn't explode, it doesn't scare, then why do we call it BamBoo?
Breeze
There is nothing gay about a man sucking dick for cash any more than you like a political party just cuz you vote for them cuz they will fund your healthcare or small business
I wonder if the guy who coined the term "One Hit Wonder" came up with any other phrases.
I wonder what went off in Thomas Edisons head when he first thought of the lightbulb, was it a candle?
I remember when trolls were fake.
I take two female film directors.
I dont know what apathy means and Im not gonna look it up.
To be a mountain climber one needs to be in peak condition.
I'm always breaking into song, 'cause I can never find the right key.
I have neither the time nor the crayons to explain this to you.
Acceleration finally found his birth certificate, looks like he derives from Velo City
Theres only two outcomes for any situation: out comes your knife and out comes their heart.
B sharp = C the danger.
Im a huge procrastinator, but its a good thing cause Im also suicidal
If only my hips thinned as quickly as my hair.
most people would never agree to kill less people
Tents are insomniac because the stay up all night
If I were to be the one who perfected a potentially immoral human cloning process, I couldn't live with myself
A man with a stutter died in prison before he could finish his sentence
Whose cruel idea was it for the word, "lisp" to have an "s" in it?
Old people always used to poke me at weddings and cackle, "You're next", so I started doing the same thing to them at funerals.
I failed my driver's test today when the instructor asked me, "What do you do at a red light?" and I said "I usually check my emails and see what people are up to on Facebook."
If women ruled the world, there would be no wars, just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.
lose 50 pounds on the mexican hot sauce diet on the toilet
There is nothing offensive about &lt;insert most offensive thing you can imagine&gt; except if you do what you're told
laggy games were invented by a dog chasing his own tail cuz he thought it was where it actually was a second ago
I was that kid in high school who would always ask the teacher "When are we ever going to use this in real life?" in Sex Ed.
Why arent there any first hand stores?
This woman came up to me on the train and said, "Ticket, please," so I told her to fuck off and get her own.
This woman came up to me on the train and said "Tickets, please," so I told her to fuck off and get her own
only an asshole would say your own name to you, as if you didnt know
I think that verification codes are HI2Bx
I met a confused centaur; he said he felt like a man trapped in a horse's body.
Operations are great opportunities for introspection.
The grim reaper has a scythe and the devil has a pitch fork. Is agriculture a major industry in the underworld?
Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like banana.
My friend recently got crushed by a pile of books, but hes only got his shelf to blame.
Those new corduroy pillows must be really popular as theyre making headlines everywhere.
I totally understand how batteries feel because Im rarely ever included in things either.
Coles Law: Thinly Sliced Cabbage
-
I'm not a fan of cannibalism, but to eat his own
Does an insomniac agnostic dyslexic stay up all night wondering if there really is a dog?
Man with hairy armpits wearing tank top in crowded bar raises his hand for a drink, nearsighted bartender replies "honey put your leg down, you're gonna get us raided.."
Gay pirates love a Jolly Roger
I just got diagnosed with phobophobia, the fear of being afraid of things. I wish it wasnt true, but Im afraid it is.
It makes cars go faster
What makes card go faster?
The Egyptian tombs were built through a pyramid scheme.
A good insurance company knows how to handle acclaim.
I have problems with math but with chemistry, I have solutions.
I would have to search long and hard to find anyone online as awesome as my boyfriend.
The construction foreman has an electrician friend who he swears by.
The other day I got a fortune cookie without a fortune in it. At first I thought I got ripped off, but then I didnt win the lottery.
The only thing that runs in my family is the laziness gene.
I thought thermostat wars were a given in relationships until I met this really hot woman.
The red light said to the green light, "Don't look, I'm changing!"
The policeman looked at his belly button and said, "You're under a vest!"
A pig got a job at a restaurant because he was really good at bacon.
The fisherman looked at the magician and said, "Pick a cod, any cod!"
If there's one thing I've learned about the future from scifi movies, it's that binoculars get alot worse.
I just got a cool baseball bat, it doesnt really play baseball tho it just likes to hang around in attic and eat bugs.
I heard the iPhone X has a great screen and.... Some even say it's top notch.
I like kids, therefore I have basement full of them
Hunting vampires is painstaking work.
How to rap like a pro tip no.748382874: "Aye", "No", "Brr", "Ouu", "Ya", "Oof", "Gucci"
Respect women
An expensive laxative gives you a run for your money.
Reading someone's palm is a very underhanded thing to do.
Palm reading
A woman changes her name to vageena
Scientific research says that main reason for divorce is marriage in 100% cases
Ringo Starrs recent knighthood was quite a sir prize.
Rings Starrs recent knighthood was quite a sir prize.
I like my coffee like I like my women; ground up and in a bag.
My dad bought horses thinking that would make his life more stable.
Im so old, the last time I used Tinder, it caught fire.
I'm so good with horses that you can say I'm a stable genius.
I used to go to the gym but it was too expensive so I am shoplifting instead.
Eating a Tide Pod is not suicide, it's suiTide.
Studies have shown that between 99.0% and 99.9% of all participants in multi-level marketing schemes lose money.
Even the heaviest chandelier is pretty light.
I have a fear of speed bumps, but I'm slowly getting over it
It doesn't bother me when people tease me about my eczema because I have thick skin.
Everyone in my family did genetic testing and we found out we all have Down syndrome, we shouldn't have done 24 and me.
My dad said my sister's name is Rose because my mom likes flowers, no wonder he insisted my name be BJ.
Hey McDonald's! If I wanted to eat healthy.. I wouldn't have gone to a fast food restaurant!
God is everywhere, cuz anywhere he is not catches on fire like hell, so he is also in your butt
God is everywhere, cuz anywhere he is not catches on fire like hell, so god must also be in tour butt
When it comes to procrastinating, I never procrastinate.
Why do they call it a hate crime, if I love to do it?
A lot of people say Im oblivious, but I just dont see it.
The other night I wanted to try a treesome but I dont like vegetation that much.
Olympic skiing was always a favorite of mine, but it's really been going downhill.
When it comes to breakfasts, its hard to beat a boiled egg.
You can really feel the warm vibes radiating around Three Mile Island community.
A gay man is any man who likes at least 2 penises including his own
So what if i can't spell "armageddon", it's not the end of the world
I am so happy you think I'm crazy cuz if you a crazy person was well aligned to my thought process I too would be crazy
All humans have the ability to talk to fish, but getting them to listen is another matter.
A good name for a priapism clinic would be Prix Fixe.
I bet Rick Astley struggles with Lent.
I cant speak highly enough about helium balloons.
I'm not gay, I've never come over a little queer
5 out of every 3 people have trouble understanding fractions
Particle physics is serious business, but E=mc^2 really makes light of the matter.
What a great argument; I give it a solid ten out of tenuous.
My puns are a lot like having an ugly dominatrix. Youre bound to be disappointed.
I love eggs. If you mess up an omelette, you can still have scrambled eggs. If you mess up a kid, you have a serial killer.
I hear that vertigo is going around.
I may be redundant, but at least I'm redundant
It wasn't school John disliked, it was just the principal of it.
Redundancies fill the empty space in my heart.
Giving oral sex to a male dwarf is quite a low blow.
At least life wants to fuck me
I thought my doctor diagnosed me with schizophrenia, but it turns out I dont have a doctor.
A slice of apple pie is $2.50 in Jamaica and $3.00 in the the Bahamas -- those are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
Set a trap in an icy river. Caught a cold.
A wine hangover is the wrath of grapes.
Pancake Day really creped up on us this year
I was thinking I didnt know how long it takes light to travel 186,282 miles, but then I had second thoughts.
If you can't find anyone to sing with you have to duet yourself.
I'm verbally dyslexic so for valentines i'm getting my girlfriend a cart with a hard on.
I enjoy people watching... mostly this one woman
I once asked a waiter for a buffet and he punched me in the face.
I hate sports including bats, they're a nightmare to catch when they fly away.
Never baptise your child in a font, now I have to write my son's name in comic sans.
Everyone's political views are a trolling shitpost to someone
Yo mamas so fat that her petronas is a cake.
"No strings attached" is a blissful thing to hear for anyone, unless you're skydiving
After my friend lost his leg in an accident, he just had to walk it off.
The salesman was peddling used bikes.
I get my large circumference from too much pi.
My friend promised to play golf, but he didn't know how to follow through.
When the government designs a new penny, the number of government workers that have to approve the design is ten per cent.
Convicts are committed people.
The largest unisex toilet in the world is the pool
You cant be a rebel without a cause...because your parents slept togheter, there is your cause.
When my friend asked me to write him a hedonistic autobiography, I said it would be my pleasure.
Birth Control? Yeah - I just use my face.
My karma ran over your dogma
If you can't make both ends meet then make one end a vegetable.
Wars can be won with the element of surprise, but if dogs go to war with fire hydrants they will win with the LMNOP.
My uncle had the heart of a lion, and a lifetime ban from the zoo
[NSFW] One fap, two fap, three fap, forty?
I've had it up to here with visualization jokes.
Literature isn't as lit as it seems as a short form.
I set my oven on 360 degrees, and all it did was spin around once and stop.
I took a crash course driving lesson
I've never been to America, but I've been in some states
A guy walks into a bar. He says, Patrn. The bartender responds, Its pronounced patron, and yes you are.
Better to let someone think you're an idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
I go to the gym almost everyday... almost Monday, almost Tuesday...
Do you really think it's a coincidence that everyone who gets correlation vs causation wrong eventually ends up dead?
If a french person randomly asks you if you have the will to live, they probably just want some olive oil.
The smoking fetishist got off on a lighter sentence.
A jury of my peers found that you did not just ask me that question
One thing I learned from dating a dominatrix, never suggest it's time to hit the sack.
I went to a fetish restaurant last night. I got toed in the hole.
Women might be able to fake orgasms, but men can fake a whole relationship.
Children in the dark make accidents, but accidents in the dark make children.
God shalt have no other people before me
The prettier a font you use, the more people will believe the words, which is why its undisputable that money cards with holograms are the real deal
A pear a day will also keep the doctor away if you throw it hard enough.
Besides logging companies, who could get sycamore trees?
Just found out that the captain of the Mayflower was April Showers.
I didn't believe my friend who said yoga could fix my bad posture, but now I stand corrected.
The gold and other items of value placed in Egyptian tombs was the very first cryptocurrency.
After work my wife always beats me to our S &amp; M group gathering.
On the night before my diet I removed all the junk food from my apartment- it was delicious.
I wanted to clean my home so I requested for work from home they said Janitors cannot work from home.
A detective discovers the clogged toilet of his main suspect, "I don't know if he killed anyone, but he did eat corn yesterday.."
I called the cops about a murder on my front lawn, but they said they couldnt do anything about crows and to stop calling them.
I requested for work from home they refused because I am a janitor.
Thomas Aquinas was a philosophical, overweight monk making him the first deep, fat friar.
At last I found out the last digit of Pi, it's i!
I was really bored at the party, so spiced up the punch and got a black coriander eye.
I havent owned a watch in who knows how long.
Life Hack #24: Identity Theft
I Need a 20 Character Offensive Joke
Long distance relationships aka fapping to still photos like its 1996
I'm not a big fan of chest hairs, but they are starting to grow on me.
Let me remind you of everything embarrassing that ever happened, said Insomnia.
Ventriloquists are like psychiatrists, they both like to talk through things.
Are donuts made out of hole wheat?
Alcohol might give you nightmares, but it's not as bad as the one I witness when I'm sober.
Entire joke
A theatrical performance about puns is just a play on words.
Why are you so sad? -It's just you.
I built an electric fence around my property yesterday and my neighbor is dead against it.
They say make up sex is the best, which is lucky for me, because all my sex is made up.
I used to be a narcissist, but look at me now.
If you get passed by a hearse is it overtaking or undertaking?
Impotence is natures way of saying: No hard feelings.
If anyone needs advice on where to buy a good hearing aid, just say the word...twice.
I'm such an optimist, even my blood says B positive.
One in four people are Russian dolls
There's something deep inside of me that's been dying to get out. Probably that 4am burrito.
Anything you can choose to do you can be forced to do, so some of your choices have been removed
Hope you like corn, cause I have plenty of jokes to force feed you
I went to the store to buy some soup but they were out of stock.
I tried wrapping Christmas presents, but I didn't have the gift.
Ford perfected the car down to a T.
As an insomniac, I'm always up for a party.
Thieves have muscles of steal.
Try to flirt with salad in your teeth and peanut butter on your pants, she will notice you.
Rice is great... for when you're hungry and want 2,000 of something
I just renamed my WiFi network... "The silence of the LANs"
I was such a fat baby that instead of a stork, I was delivered by a crane.
I don't always tell dad jokes, but when I do, he laughs.
What do you call a girl that works in a sunbed shop. Tanya.
A game that has only 1 pixel but the gameplay is so original ppl like it anyways
I'd say that having the bones in your neck fused is a pretty big decision, but once you do it, you'll never look back.
I used to be apprehensive about visiting Denver, but lately I'm feeling Boulder.
Do you ever think the Earth makes fun of the Moon for having no life?
A New Years resolution is something that goes in one year and out the other.
I keep all of my clothes in my dresser...except my feminine clothes, which I keep in my cross-dresser.
I keep all my masculine clothes in my dresser, and all my feminine clothes in my cross-dresser.
I believe Liam Neeson's first choice of username was taken
Saw two insects running away to get married on an antelope.
Beer is like the sun, it rises in the yeast and sets in the waist.
Grammar is important because its the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse and helping your uncle jack off a horse.
Nostalgia isnt what it used to be.
While walking away from certain conversations, I secretly wish I had more than two middle fingers.
having colon cancer is such a pain in the ass
I'm thinking of opening a sperm bank and calling it, "Get a Load of This Guy."
I used to be afraid of gardening, but then I grew a pear.
I'm not sure what shocked my mailman more, the fact that I came to the door completely naked, or the fact that I knew where he lived.
Why the heck did the virgin Mary name her child after a swear word?
Is it quicker to Quebec or by bus?
The only thing flat-earthers need to fear, is sphere itself.
How cool was it to see Foles with his baby (ironically known as a foal) with the pink headset, up on the platform to receive the MVP.
Its good to make kids but its sick to help kids make kids
I am a virgin by choice. The choice of the women of America.
If pronouncing my b's as v's makes me sound Russian, Soviet
I was thinking of running a marathon, but then I thought, it would be too difficult getting all the roads closed and providing enough water for everyone.
I used to be addicted to swimming, but Im very proud to say Ive been dry for six years.
I usually meet my girlfriend at 12:59, because I like that one-to-one time.
I asked a homeless woman if she wanted me to take her home, she wasn't too happy when I took her cardboard box from her
I lost my job at the bank on my very first day when a woman asked me to check her balance and I pushed her over.
I'm currently binging on Bulimic TV.
I once saw a man get down from a horse, but I thought you could only get down from a duck or a goose.
We expected the song to be horrible, but it ended on an high note.
I asked this beautiful woman if I could take her home, and she said yes, so we're foreclosing her mortgage next week.
A baby seal walks into a club.
If anyone needs to go to the toilet, speak now or forever hold your piss.
Do you know that farmers are outstanding in their field?
Increase your chances of winning the Lottery by picking numbers which mean something to you personally.
I spent the last 2 years searching for my ex-wife's killer but nobody will do it.
Always smoke pot before an auction, because win or lose, youll be the highest bidder.
Tit for tat leaves the whole world with tattooed titties.
One nut was chasing after another nut and it yells, "I'm a cashew."
I considered quitting my yoga class, but then I thought namaste.
When I asked a taxidermist what she did for a living, she replied with "You know, stuff."
I saw my maths teacher walking towards me, so I did a one-seventy seven and went home.
I tell my clocks what to do because time management is crucial.
A baby seal walks into a club.
This is the reason eyebrows reddit.
I want to stop procrastinating, but not now, maybe later.
At the observatory thing are really looking up.
So I called the Rape Advice Line, but they said that's just for victims?
Learning sign language can be a pretty handy skill.
They already shaped the display cardboards for my first day on the job, so I had my work cut out for me
She's such a slut that I bet she's been slapped by more balls than an NBA backboard.
I told this girl she'd look sexy with her hair back, but apparently that's something you don't say to a cancer patient?
Anything is a free sample if you're quick enough.
The world is an oyster,if you are demented.
I killed the entire glove industry with my bare hands
Smoking marijuana for arthritis pain is joint support for joint support.
I was masturbating when I heard you call for help, so I came as fast as I could.
When my wife asked me if we had a threesome, whom would I choose, I'm guessing I shouldn't have named two friends.
I actually learned Morse code, and then I couldn't sleep because the rain kept telling me to go fuck myself.
Every "yo mama" joke has been done thousands of times by thousands of different people...kinda like yo mama.
It is indescribable how much I am enjoying my creative writing class.
Wanted: self-sufficient pub landlord. Apply with inn.
If my wife isn't careful she'll get hit by a drunk driver tonight but we'll just tell her dad she fell down the stairs.
My favorite song use to be sunshine on my shoulders but Skin Cancer changes everything...
Killing Diabetics? Hey... Piece of Cake.
I thought I had road rage but it turns out I'm just an angry drunk
I cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think I may have grater problems.
The worst thing about being an Uber driver is all the people talking behind your back.
I want to set up a Stereophonics tribute act, but I procrastinate a lot. So, maybe tomorrow.
I turned up late for dinner at my cannibal friends house, so he gave me the cold shoulder.
I know a guy that one day just changed his religion and started wearing a turban. Bit of an attention Sikh if you ask me.
I'm not saying she's a whore, but she's been on more weiners than ketchup.
You cannot run through a campsite, you can only ran because it is past tense.
Always carry two sacks, that way when someone asks you for a hand, you can say, "sorry. I've got these sacks..."
I'm in a love-hate relationship with antonyms
I grew up just a stones throw away from where a whole family died of mysterious head injuries.
Einstein developed a theory about space, and it was about time too
I hear exaggerations are up by like a billion percent this year.
My doctor said the pills he gave me were just placebo, but hey I thought they worked!
Every year, hundreds of students enrol in mime school, never to be heard from again.
/r/Oneliners Monthly Contest (#11, Feb 2018)
If you dont like someone walk a mile in their shoes, that way you are a mile away from them and you have their shoes
Would a racist bird join the Ku-Ku-Klux Klan?
The tetris pieces are all possible shapes of 4 squares
Im not passive-aggressive. Unlike some people I know.
Last night my wife and I had a candle lit dinner so it was under-cooked.
I find it a little strange that non-hyphenated is hyphenated, but hyphenated is not.
Just because no one complains, doesnt mean all parachutes are perfect.
a dog gave birth on the side of a road, and was given a ticket for littering.
It takes a lot of ballsto golf like me.
Horses are so negative
Curious how everone talks about  a shoe  when sneezing, its not fair to gloves.
Went shopping for cherries and a microphone- bought a bing bought a boom.
Ive told you a million times not to exaggerate!
When the police seize heroin, it's dope.
Tomorrow Im going to stop procrastinating.
20 article headings you are tired of reading!
I have synaesthesia, and I can assure you that nothing IS what it seems.
I stand corrected, said the man in his orthopedic shoes.
My mother used to hit me with the telephone so I was always on the receiving end.
Every time I hear the phrase "that's the spirit!" I imagine someone picking a ghost out of a lineup.
I believe that jokes about cannibalism among the homeless are in poor taste.
You shouldnt shout BNAG! at people. Thats bang out of order.
Today is the day I start being decisive. Or is it?
Remember never to trust a staircase as they are always up to something
1 in 6 people hate Russian Roulette.
Why isnt bleaching your anus called changing your ringtone?
Was going to post a good joke about procrastinating, but I think Ill do it later.
"three cheers for rap music, hip hop"
A lot of people are afraid of heights, but not me, I'm afraid of widths.
I dreamt I was wide awake, woke up and I was!
Rest areas restroom are weird. The guy in stall next to me has four feet.
Three cheers for rap music, Hip hop!
I asked my North Korean friend how it was there, he said he couldn't complain.
Garfield hates Mondays because that's the day Jon sexually abuses him.
Two guys walk into a bar, the third one ducks
Is it true that exits are on the way out?
I didn't want to buy leather shoes, but eventually I was suede.
I couldn't decide whether to accept a job in mattress sales, so I decided to sleep on it.
The only thing common between a stork and an obstetrician is the long bill.
If you want someone to like you for your brains, start dating a zombie.
My dream job is to be a bed tester.
I'm not afraid of dying; my whole life has been leading up to this.
I have a few jokes about my unemployed friends, but unfortunately none of them work.
Tequila, Schnapps, Sambuca ...I'm calling the shots!
At the beach today I decided not to swim between the two flags and instead swim in the sea.
About 3 people die every second, so what makes the tragedy you just mentioned more deserving of attention than them?
I tried using deviled eggs to make angel food cake and it turned into a batter of good versus evil.
Neil Diamond used to be called Neil Coal...until the pressure got to him.
Is it my imagination or was music better when ugly people were allowed to make it?
I had lost whole boxes of submitted questions about rocks, but then they were found in quarries.
I don't like jokes about prostitutes with STDs; they're cheap.
In the beginning, God invented prepositions.
Those who forget their pasta are bound to reheat it.
I saw a job request for a male porno star, I bet the competition is really stiff
68 is just a pre-position.
Constipation sucks. Diarrhea blows.
My only talent is knowing driving directions, but they tell me that's not going to get me anywhere in life.
I can always count on my calculator.
My job at the concrete plant seems to get harder and harder.
I used to have a fear of boats, but that ship has sailed.
My boss must think I'm a massive idiot; he just said he wanted to "question a ten dunce".
I'm a bisexual with back problems - I don't bend both ways.
I failed my Chemistry exam so badly that my grade was an Absolute Zero.
Id tell you to get in a bin, but I dont want you to come round my house.
Never buy flowers from a monk, because only you can prevent florist friars.
My aunt goes like "What do you take with your coffee?" Apparently 'Cigarettes' wasn't the right answer.
Cig-e
The French treat their customers like kings
Did you know that nine out of ten people enjoy gang rape?
I brush my teeth religiously. Five times a day while facing Mecca
Welcome to the jungle we've got fun and games hahahaha jk we have spiders and diseases.
Im so poor that I cant even pay attention.
Cod liver oil is good for you, according to a fish oil sauces...
I think my doctor really likes my choice of sensible footwear, because I overheard him telling his colleague that I had, "Serious healthy shoes."
I hate peer pressure and you should too.
Amazon finally delivered that book about horology that I ordered - it's about time.
Wall, wall, wall...
A glow worm is never glum because how can you be grumpy when the sun shines out your bum?
How the snow plough driver get to work?
Entered what I ate today in my new fitness app: it sent an ambulance to my house.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
Don't trust me, trust me.
I've finally got it: my New Year's Resolution is to be more divisive... I mean decisive... I don't know which one.
Going out to buy some batteries was a real power trip.
Nudists must find it very difficult to clean their glasses.
The borg started assimilating me but before they could I used their tech to assimilate them
Joke in text-----&gt;
If you are converting decimals to fractions, you are missing the point.
I always lie. Its true.
My spirit animal is Grumpy Cat.
Underwear thief gives police the slip.
An ombudsman is a meditation teacher who also helps you score weed.
I would jump at the chance to be a parachutist.
I enjoy bowling, it's right up my alley.
Tree trimmers do such a fantastic job, they should take a bough.
I cant afford aromatherapy; I randomly sniff stuff and hope for the best.
Anyone can roast beef, but nobody can pea soup.
Never accept unsolicited advice.
Proof of the conspiracy: William Bonney and Smokey the Bear have the same middle name.
Defensive ends in football must be really stingy, because they are always trying to get a quarter back.
If procrastination was an Olympic sport, Ill participate in the next one.
Someone called me a fudgepacker the other day and I was really offended because some of us are fudgepackees.
If you think about it, your belly button is your old mouth.
I hear that it's easier to convince ladies not to eat Tide Pods but it's harder to deter gents.
Priests are like medicine, they should not be left within reach of children.
Instead of WWJD, WWID what would future I do now?
A devoted pornstar is always hard at work.
I was such an ugly babythat anytime I played in the sandbox, the cat kept covering me up.
My vampire friend was a terrible proofreader because typos made him thirsty
Did you know they won't be making yard sticks any longer?
The economy told me that recycling is bad cuz it costs me time that I could be making more money at work and pays very little and polluting is so cheap, so the economy must be really stupid to make that profitable
The Scarecrow in Oz wanted a brain but got a diploma instead, proving you don't need a brain to get a diploma.
I am so pessimistic that even my blood group is B negative.
The flat earth movement has followers all around the globe
A plateau is the highest form of flattery.
I spent all day surveying two people about productivity.
Someone said I'm an uninformed person, so I thanked them.
The discovery of the shovel was groundbreaking.
1 in 6 people hate Russian Roulette.
Gay guys are fucking assholes.
i went to the book store to ask for a book about turtles, the lady working there asked "hardback?", "yes, and small heads"
I like hate people saying things like like all the time like
Don't you hate it when you wipe your arse too vigorously and your finger makes a hole in your girlfriend's sock?
Someone tell me the definition of "delegation".
Someone tell me what delegate means.
Everyone's brave until a cockroach starts flying.
I hate typos. You mix two letters and your whole post is urined.
When my girlfriend told me to stop impersonating a flamingo I had to put my foot down.
There's a German guy who keeps hiding things from me. His name is Alzheimer!
Life's a bug. Death's the bug-checker.
Some women say the way to a man's heart is through his stomach, but I say, those women are aiming just a little too high.
I always read my wife's horoscope to see what kind of day I'm going to have.
Canada's border with Mexico is incredibly thick.
If we lose the time before us, The future will ignore ASS
My girlfriend and I just watched a whole season of Game of Thrones back to back - luckily I was the one facing the TV.
2 + 2 is 4 - 1 = 3
I've just started up a dating site for chickens, I mean, it's not my main job, I'm just doing it to make hens meet.
Hot-air ballooning - at first it's quite uplifting, but in the end it's a bit of a let-down.
I am not superstitious. I think its bad luck.
The difference between pink and purple is the strength of the grip.
If you want to work in porn, you need first hand job experience
I cannot count how many times I failed math.
I just found out my friend has a secret life as a priest, its his altar ego.
"Ladies and gentlemen...that concludes our tour of the toilets."
Saran Wrap isnt a good friend, its too stuck on itself
It's really sad how, Wile E. Coyote, is mostly remembered for his violence and not for his brilliantly realistic paintings of tunnels.
My said that I just don't understand irony, which was ironic, because we were at a bus stop at the time.
Soviet Russia was going to feed their citizens... but they just kept Stalin
I used to be addicted to tide pods, Im clean now
My book looks so much thinner since it had its appendix removed.
Human statue street performers can be made to move by taking money out of the hat.
I saved 15% on car insurance by leaving the scene of the accident.
Whoever said laughter is the best medicine, clearly hasnt tried curing diarrhea with a tickle fight.
Why are pizzas round, get delivered in a square box and then eaten as a triangle?
Joan of Arc died on a Thursday. It was a trajeudi.
Obviously there is no I in team...but shouldn't there be at least one I in Cyclops?
What is never the answer?
I had a bad eating habit so I quit cold turkey.
To err is human; to purr feline.
I once started an instantly successful suicide-watch group called "Let's End this Together", but nobody showed twice.
Being a Wal-Mart greeter is the only example I've seen where "years of experience" and "entry-level position" makes sense.
A barman walks into a bar, and the barwoman says "we don't serve your kind around here anymore"!
The government help-desk asks Trump "have you tried turning it off"?
Astrologers have always known the cure for Cancer is to stay away from Leos
I saw a doctor today, and he told me I was as healthy as a horse... who's been shot in the head after a race.
I saw a doctor today, and he told me I was as health as a horse... whose been shot in the head after losing a race.
I couldn't tell if my friend was more Chinese or Polynesian, he told me it was a Thai.
I don't like using labels; it's part of what makes me a loner.
As luck would have it the aliens had landed in the right place on a golf course in Washington DC
This planet is just wall to wall with great leaders throughout history!
/r/Oneliners Monthly Contest (#10, Jan 2018)
/r/Oneliners 'unique' two-week Janurary contest!
The depressing thing about tennis is no matter how good you are, a wall is better.
I wouldn't be caught dead with a necrophiliac!
Not only is it raining cats and dogs, it is hailing cabs.
I'm making a male deodorant called Umpire for foul balls.
All those friends that we were making, ASS will take key
It is hard to make a good joke about prom, because typically the punch line is too long.
When dental medicine was introduced, it dropped a lot of jaws.
Dominos forgot to add extra cheese on my pizza so I went to the shop and gave them a pizza my mind!
If Jesus can heal the blind, why are so many people still believers?
Newtons Third Law of marriage: For every action, there is a corresponding overreaction.
The police almost caught a grain thief, but he escaped...barley.
Is it possible to mistake schizophrenia for telepathy, I hear you ask?
I started out with nothing, and I still have most of it.
The inventor of weightlifting chalk must be rubbing his hands....
My girlfriend didn't like something I said at breakfast, so she threw her bacon at me, which I thought was kind of a ham-handed response.
I went to a mime party... They did unspeakable things.
Sometimes I switch my socks from left to right, to keep my feet on their toes.
My ex girlfriend had one of those split tongues; someone else got the other half.
People with obvious questions should all go FAQ themselves
My lucky golf socks have a hole in one.
The only thing worse than finding out you're infertile, is telling your wife and kids.
A McDonald's employee was arrested today for serving 40 year old meat in 8 year old buns.
You might say a classification of felines is a category.
A group of cocks make up a caucus.
A dominatrix must love Reddit, it's full of subs.
I can always tell when someones farted. I have a fifth sense for that sort of thing.
I had a dream I was swimming in a ocean of orange soda. Turns out it was just a Fanta Sea
It was only when I went skydiving that I found out adrenaline was brown.
Cheesecake is happier than regular cake, because it smiles when it's having its picture taken.
I can't put into words how illiterate I am.
It is fine, to a degree, to butt in on your colleagues as long as you don't involve your butt.
The sex was so good, that afterwards even the neighbors had a cigarette.
One liner
I remember the day my little brother found out our neighbor's python wasn't venomous, he was crushed.
My dog loves watching the chickens, so we call him the Chicken Tender.
Anyone wants to buy an used vacuum cleaner? Mine is gathering dust.
A severed foot makes a perfect stocking stuffer
I'm strongly against online chatrooms because they're always full of paedophiles; and quite frankly, I don't like that level of competition.
A funeral home may be a nice place to visit but I wouldnt want to live there
I havent had bowel movement in three days, Im full of shit.
Im so old that in my day, Instagram meant a really efficient drug dealer.
If O.J. hadn't murdered his wife, then the Kardashians would have never been famous.
I wonder how many people die each each year as a result of lifeguards running in sexy slow motion.
When I see "Please drink responsibly." I think it means, "Don't spill it, it's delicious."
Chickens like to draw, but a cock'll doodle, too.
If uncle Jack helps you off the elephant, will you help uncle Jack off the elephant?
My son asked if Beavers have whiskers. I told him, its really a woman's right to choose.
I swear I can hear Google take a deep breath every time I type into the search bar.
If you jack off in a plane is it a Highjack?
I was so ugly as a baby, that when my mom breastfed me, she used to close her eyes and think of other babies.
If you are protesting the coal industry, it is your words against mine.
The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades.
She has a sculpted body, but a finger-painted face.
If Verne Troyer was ever sexually assaulted, he should post about it on Twitter with #minimetoo
My wife told me: Sex is better on holiday. That wasnt a nice postcard to receive.
Sardonic vegetarians are wry on ham
I don't understand how people get eaten by sharks? I mean...don't they hear the music?
Good thing my computer has spellchucker
Sometimes instead of saying for example I say things such as such as for example.
I'm dating an Italian bricklayer and it's cement to be!
Is it just me or are there any other anagrams of em?
We'll, we'll, we'll...if it isn't autocorrect.
I read that two pedestrians died in a collision, but I mean, seriously, how fast were they walking?!
When they came out with the Philips head screw driver I wonder if the guy who made the flathead like "What?! We can get credit for this?"
Whenever I think about wanting peace in the world Im mostly thinking of my neighbors bad relationship.
I completely ignore Freudian slips. It goes in one ear and out the mother.
When the TV repairman got married the reception was excellent.
I was going to start an Apathy Anonymous group, but why bother.
When I see so many reality TV shows about little people, Im glad we dont have a dwarf shortage.
If you are happy that everything is coming your way, switch lanes immediately.
The best ad for an anti-aging cream will be footage of a baby yelling, "Shit. I put too much on."
My girlfriend wanted us to try the missionary position, so I went off to Africa for a few months.
I was born with 3 penises instead of legs; when I kick a woman's ass, it's automatically rape.
With the rise of self-driving vehicles, its only a matter of time before we get a country song where a guys truck leaves him too.
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I just had to put my foot down.
I asked my friend why boxing rings are square, and he said "Don't worry about it, they have plenty of rounds in them."
Yesterday, my mom asked me to hand out invitations for my brothers surprise birthday party and thats when I realized he was the favorite twin.
A book just fell on my head, but Ive only got my shelf to blame.
Sebastian Gorka looks like the type of guy you would see in a History Channel documentary about Hitler.
If someone tells you pigs cant fly, remind them that in the past, swine flu.
The hardest part about starting a new relationship is learning how to fart silently again.
Hawaii's Governor said there's no reason to fear being vaporized by an incoming North Korean missile because, "Any heat generated by one will be at aloha temperature."
Bathroom mirror selfies: the easiest way to say "Yep, still single"
Does anyone find hanging out with mountain climbers to be rappellent?
I have to update my version of MS Office for lack of a better Word.
I've never been good at following the rule "measure twice, cut once", and that's why I'm not a surgeon anymore.
I never refuse Pi, because that would be irrational.
I Fell in Love With a Girl From the Capital of South Korea. I Guess You Could Say She's My Seoul Mate
She kept her husband in an urn on the mantelpiece where she could keep an eye on him.
Pickpockets are cheaper than hookers if all you need is a fondle.
My mayonnaise is trying kill me or so my sauces tell me.
I can't eat carrots or potatoes or anything that comes from the ground because I follow a very strict 5-second rule diet.
If you are ever attacked by a bunch of circus performers, go for the juggler.
I had Wookie for dinner, it was Chewy.
Tautology is tautology
A faulty electric switch is like a click bait article, because whatll happen next will shock you.
As a Jim Morrison fan, I get really upset whenever I hear my children slam the doors.
If you would like to become part of something bigger than yourself, how about a man-eating tiger?
I just published my first book about poltergeists and the store told me they're flying off the shelves.
It turns out my new slow cooker is not only slow but broken.
Stand on the shoulders of giant (singular), and if he's not tall enough, go start your own monopoly
How much time I spend masturbating is none of your drycleaner's business
If you would like to make little things count, teach math to children.
My worst job was working in a recycling center crushing cans. That was sodapressing.
I farted on my wallet and now I have gas money.
If you bring up plastic surgery in Hollywood, no one raises an eyebrow.
Ate some leftovers. NO HOBO
The Dalai Lama is unable to transfer files via the internet, because he doesnt believe in attachments.
The chiropractor did a terrible job so I asked for my money bad back.
My child was acting up at the doctors: so I asked him to be a little patient.
I tried playing pool with a shark but I think I did it wrong, cause now the Rec Center AND American Humane Society are pissed.
Been on hard times since spending my savings on Viagra.
I had a dream I had a dream but I didn't remember it and I did remember it
Now Playing: Tinnitus. Loved that sustained note though.
To burp or not to burp, that's indigestion.
You have two parts of brain, 'left' and 'right'. In the left side, there's nothing right. In the right side, there's nothing left.
Youll never be as lazy as whoever named the fireplace.
Every Scooby-Doo episode would literally be two minutes long if the gang went to the mask store first and asked a few questions.
When I lost my rifle, the Army charged me $585 and thats why, in the Navy, the captain goes down with the ship.
Probably the worst thing you can hear when youre wearing a bikini is, Good for you!
I dont want to brag, but I do speak pig Latin; I mean, Im not fluent, but Im sure if I ever went there, I could get by.
A lot of people cry when they cut onions, but the trick is not to form an emotional bond.
I like to live on the edge of danger, just not to cross it
Is a crazy horse unstable?
The Dalai Lama must find it impossible to email memes, because he does not have any attachments.
I attended my first cosplay today. Dressed up as a lettuce.
How to get a song stuck in your head, in your head, zombie, zombie...
If I can't drown in Flem, I am Flembuoyant.
Trying to put dinosaur skeletons back together must be a mammoth task.
A zen student asked the hot dog vendor to make him one with everything.
Only kids who fail math celebrate 4/20, see, I reduced the fraction and drank a fifth of tequila on January 5th.
My grandfather had the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the zoo.
Millenials. Walking around like they rent the place.
Pedophiles are fucking immature assholes.
I have sex almost everyday; I almost had it today
If her age is on the clock, she's ready for the cock.
I bet if you tried to kidnap a blacksmith, he'd make a bolt for the door.
Nascar is very popular in North Korea because it has no rights.
Helen Keller walks into a bar, and then into a table, and then into a chair.
Midwives help people out.
Please cancel my subscription to your issues.
Shout out to gravity for keeping me down to earth.
If someone is "thinking with his dick", then that's a logical phallusy.
Why is bleaching your anus not called "changing your ringtone"?
I have a girlfriend
Missing someone
I just saw a lovely pair of slippers; so I asked them if they wanted to learn how to ice skate properly.
If you don't believe in human perseverance, you clearly haven't seen a smoker trying to use a broken lighter.
I wonder if my vet's receptionist realizes how many people's passwords she knows?
I tried to kidnap a blacksmith, but when I turned my back, he made a bolt for the door.
There are no limits to human creativity. - The guy who invented the spork.
Just started dating a soccer player, shes a keeper.
I was trying not to wake anyone up the other night, so I put some French pancakes on my feet and crepd up the stairs...
When someone says, "You do the math.", you should also offer to assist them in their grammar.
If you lose your tree, try stapling a picture of it to a cat.
I went to a pet shop and put a sign saying 'chameleon' next to an empty cage.
When it comes to screwing up a punchline, I've been there, done that, got the tea cup.
First time I posted this again
Dogs can't operate an MRI, but catscan.
If you have sex with someone before dating them are you a sexual pre dater?
White Boards are remarkable.
I accidentally swapped my dads sleeping pills with my viagra. He says it's a lot harder getting to sleep these days.
Can you get tan when it's 90 degrees?
I like my mixed metaphors till the cow turns blue.
The average grade in marine biology should always be below sea-level.
Today at lunch I saw a beer tap that said "Nut Brown Ale" and I thought to myself if I could do that I'd be famous.
I had to break up with my seran wrap, it was too clingy.
I flip my lid at the drop of a hat.
I tried to give up Viagra but it's too hard
Three guys walk into a bar. You'd think the third guy would notice.
Erotic is using a feather, kinky is using the whole chicken.
If you don't believe in oral sex, keep your mouth shut.
If a fire-fighter's business can go up in smoke, and a plumber's business can go down the drain, can a hooker get laid off?
Never lie to an x-ray technician, because can see right through you.
I decide which beer to drink on a case by case basis.
I dont give a flying fuck if people are having sex on my airplane.
Ads are like if you go to a cash register to buy things and they say go sweep the floor for a minute cuz we dont accept money
My friend has a villa in the south of France that he claims is in St-Laurent-du-Var - It's really Nice.
My friend has a villa in the south of France that he claims is in St-Laurent-du-Var - It's really Nice.
When he was young, Aqua Man was known as Water Boy.
When the clocks go forward an hour, will I have a six o'clock shadow?
Do guilty sheep look humanish?
He asked me where I wanted to have a piercing, and I completely forgot, it was at the tip of my tongue.
Who called it studying bio with maths and not BioLog?
Light travels faster than sound, which is why some people appear bright... until you hear them speak.
I enjoyed a little spoon with my girlfriend last night; the cutlery shop stayed open late.
My imaginary friend smells of weed.
Years ago, changing TV channels from a sitting position was a remote possibility.
The study of ancient symbols will lead you to rune.
Absence made the part grow longer.
For plumbers, a flush beats a full house.
Today I tried to buy an entire chess set at a pawn shop.
"Scratch the hand that feeds," said the cat.
My conjoined twin has a huge penis.
My poor knowledge of greek mythology has always been my achilles elbow
I took a picture of a field of wheat, it turned out too grainy.
I think Adam Levine lives in Jefferson City, why else would he sing that he's in Missouri?
We don't get a lot of opportunities to get kids interested in math so we need to make them count.
I wonder if the Arachnophobia Hotline has a web site.
I was offered a job selling teabags of an unconventional shape, turns out it was just a pyramid scheme.
With great power comes great respectability.
Im Chris Hansen, have you ever heard of Dateline?
I want to be challenged mentally at work, not made to feel mentally challenged.
The patron saint of poverty is St. Nickeless.
I just can't stand my wife. One of her legs won't inflate.
I had to get another knife to slice the cake, because the first knife just wasn't cutting it.
It is so cold that I had to cut up my piano for firewood, unfortunately I only got two chords.
So we're celebrating because someone dropped the ball. Great.
The ocean really speaks to the sailor in me. I wish it would tell him to be more gentle though.
If you are a pie eating champion, I can bet good money you are not a pi reciting one.
Impotence is nature's way of saying 'no hard feelings'.
Redditors, just remember... if the world didn't suck, we'd all have fallen off it by now :)
I'm definitely, possibly, maybe indecisive.
The computer once beat me at Football Manager but it was no match for me at kickboxing
I was originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
I'll never forget the piss and poo when my girlfriend was giving birth; her mother phoned to ask me where I was.
I can handle pain until it hurts.
Whenever I find the key to success, someone changes the lock.
Dwarfs and midgets have very little in common.
I saw a sign that said, watch for children and I thought, that sounds like a fair trade.
Remember guys, if your wife is eating for two, you're drinking for three
Broke my personal record for most consecutive days lived!
I cant take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him, my fault for buying a pure bread dog.
To get around on land, crabs use the sidewalk.
90% of being married is shouting WHAT!? from other rooms.
My son loves time machines and my grandfather will soon.
Someone please tell me how I "lack self-awareness".
The skeptic doesn't trust belief and the believer abhors doubt
My new years resolution is to stop procrastinating next year.
I find it hard to believe that I'm a sceptic.
My analysis is not as accurate as urinalysis
Never eat too many chickpeas because you'll falafel.
I am a man of simple interests, although my Credit Card company vehemently disagrees.
Ahhh, I remember 2017 like it was yesterday :'(
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me
Man, we really dropped the ball on 2018 already
Reading is just staring at a dead piece of wood and hallucinating.
9 out of 10 dermatologists agree that towels are the leading cause of dry skin.
Is it true that an apple a day keeps the doctor away or is it just one of granny's myths?
If I ever have kids, it will be by accident, like my dad
I won the million-dollar lottery and decided to donate a quarter of it to charity...now I have 999,999.75.
Happiness is respite from its pursuit
[NSFW] Hardwood dildos are hard to come by.
You know your going to drown in milk when it's past your eyes.
An ink drop was crying because his mother was in the pen doing a long sentence.
We got my dog from the Amish, so he REALLY hates his shock collar.
I remember 2017 like it was yesterday.
My friends in Australia are in 2018, my friends in California are in 2017 and my friends in Smiths Falls are stuck in 1989.
Onliner
Eating pineapple is so boring. Very Dole.
What would happen if there were no hypothetical questions?
Fun fact: the pumpkin is the only living organism with triangular eyes.
Shout out to the batter who doesn't realize he already has two strikes
Im opening a ramen delivery service called Send Noods.
Humor is such a funny thing.
Irony is crossing a street and getting hit by a dodge.
Pilots have the coolest job ever man, even on work days, they Take Off.
In my opinion, people should have more information than opinions.
The new Star Wars is out of this world.
If you have to ask how much a Mustang costs before you buy it, it's probably more than you can af-Ford.
A baby monkey that's like its father, is a chimp off the old block.
Are anxious dinosaurs Nervous Rex?
The fisherman said to the magician, "Pick a cod, any cod!"
The policeman looked at his belly button and said, "You're under a vest!"
I don't listen to ABBA, not because of their music, but because I hate palindromes.
Whenever I eat a dish with food coloring in it, I dye a little inside.
Green is my favorite color, I love it more than blue and yellow combined.
Whatever you do in life, always give 100%...unless you're donating blood.
On a scale of 0 to 1, how binary are you?
I tried to make French bread, but it was a pain.
Are there a lot of first-person singular objective pronouns or is it just me?
Money can't but you love, but thankfully I kept the receipt.
I just dug a splinter out of my finger with a toothpick.
A Rectangle fell in love with a pair of Parallel Lines and it said, "you took my breadth away!"
I only believe in 12.5% of the bible, which makes me an eighth theist.
The flipside of contagious gum disease is an infectious smile.
The doctor told the patient to use a Q-tip and it went in one ear and out the other.
The high cost of living has beaten many centsless.
Circus dogs fly through the air with the greatest of fleas.
Your problems don't amount to a hill of beans in this world, unless maybe if your job is building bean-hills.
If a soft drink machine is outside during sub freezing weather, it becomes a drink warmer.
Body image is a big, fat, ugly problem.
I only drink three times a week - before work, during work and after work.
You don't need a baby to make you joyful, but you do need Joy full to make you a baby.
Diarrhea runs in my family.
The purpose of waitors at a buffet is to help you lose count of how many plates youve eaten
How many introverts does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Why does it have to be a group activity?
The new iPhone is waterproof in that it proves that water exists.
y= mx + c
Recently I was at a store walking down the flash drives and hard drives section, I have to say, it was quite a walk down the memory lane.
60% of my jokes are funny 100% of the time.
I've got a phobia of inventing phobias.
I've been so stressed recently I've been doing that Chinese thing with the needles, you know ... heroin.
I got a massive pump in the gym today; and someone, somewhere, has a flat tyre.
Simply put a % sign after your age to see how dead you are...
"He shoots! He scores!" has never made any sense to me, because in my world, I need to score before I can shoot.
When I was young, I used to think earwigs actually lived in your ears, so you can imagine how terrified I was of cockroaches.
reject broken candy canes; only accept them in mint condition.
Having a long foreskin is a big drawback
One line r's: rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Southerners can do pretty good Civil War impressions, General Lee speaking.
I dont want to sound critical, but I cant stand judgmental people.
Behind every angry woman is a man who has absolutely no idea what he did wrong.
My pet gecko couldn't move, he has a reptile dysfunction
My circumcision was so rough that I didn't talk for years after.
A 6.9 is a good thing screwed up by a period.
You know your girlfriend's frigid if the lights go on when you open her legs.
The ultimate rejection happened as I was masturbating today and my hand fell asleep.
Walruses are like Tupperware, they both like a tight seal.
I didn't apply for the fortune teller job because I could foresee they wouldn't hire me
I want to go tree hug the racist trees in Palm Springs.
Communism is a lot like a car, it needs a good leader or it just keeps Stalin.
You know, you've got to hand it to midgets.
One-armed waiters : They can take it but they can't dish it out.
If you become an Archaeologist your career will be in ruins
Always jingle all the way, because nobody likes a half assed jingler.
I'm not redundant anymore like I was before when I was redundant
This morning, I woke up and Jack Frost was nipping at my toes... So I kicked him in the nose!
I recently found that I couldnt stop singing 'What's new pussycat' again and again - I asked the doctor what was happening - he said I had Tom Jones Syndrome - I said is it common? He said it's not unusual.
I was trying to remember who voiced Bugs Bunny and Porky Pig, but my mind drew a Blanc.
Mary and Joseph knew that Jesus weighed 9.3 lbs because they had a weigh in the manger.
what do u call ghost poop? a BOO Boo
Prostitution is all about making ends meet.
My testicles are the size of watermelons, if you look at them through a magnifying glass.
A guy with dyslexia walks into a bra.
Since about 300,000 people die everyday on average, and this varies by far more than in any newsworthy event, 9/11/01 may have been a day when less people than usual died
Since about 300,000 people die everyday on average, and this varies by far more than in any newsworthy event, was 9/11/01 may have been a day when less people than usual died
I'm a master at forgery. I have all the certificates to prove it.
When I was a child, my family was so poor, that at Christmas, we exchanged glances.
Reposts are like grandparents. We know they're old already but we can't just let them die.
There has to be give and take in a relationship; for instance in mine, I give her all my attention and she takes all my sanity.
If I found a box of magic tricks, that would be a Loki day.
Despite having no hair, my dad has taken many risks and in return has made millions; I guess fortune favours the bald.
Its Christmas Eve, not Christmas Steve.
Listened to Delilah by Tom Jones for the first time ever today. Turned it off after 30 seconds. I just couldn't take anymore.
I was at a loss for words when I dropped my alphabet soup.
I once spent so much time thinking of a oneliner, I ended up at the hospital...in line...and then the ER...
If I get a Master's in Betting...am I a Master Better
If Humpty Dumpty happened on Christmas, would he have hurt his egg-noggin?
You decorate a canoe for Christmas with oar-naments.
They make movies about Christmas trees in Tinsel Town.
As a kid I was made to walk the plank because we couldn't afford a dog.
I was watching her fine ass walk to my bedroom and thought to myself this is the shape of things to come
Commiting suicide? That would be the last thing I'd do!
With grate power, comes lots of shredded cheese.
My doctor told me to stop watching porn , apparently the pornstars are getting really uncomfortable !
I'm against gay marriage for the same reason im against straight marriage
If you find that what you believe is wrong, keep believing it in case it becomes true
Computer-generated graphics of the word "fact" are virtual certainties.
Tax is a fine for a crime you're guilty of from birth aka original-sin
I wonder if the army buys so much stuff because they camouflage stuff and then can't find them.
The secret to a great Hawaiian pizza is to cook it at aloha temperature.
A rising tide lifts all poor people out of poverty.
If you are unhappy with our service for any reason, please go to Helen Wait.
My mom never missed an opportunity to remind me every birthday, that I was inside of her.
With great reflexes, comes great response ability.
No matter how old you are, an empty wrapping paper tube is still a light saber.
If money is the root of all evil, is cotton at the root of boll weevil ?
When I saw the cookies embracing each other, I knew it was comfort food.
I asked a Mohel "what's the scalpel for?" and he answered "foreskin".
For my sake, Jesus exclaimed!
Are graverobber meetups called shindigs?
I was wondering how to calculate the thickness of lake ice, then I had a breakthrough.
I asked an Eskimo "What's a skidoo?" he said "makes a stain in your underpants!"
I've always wondered why a Frisbee appears to get larger the closer it gets. Then it hit me.
75% of all statistics are made up on the spot.
If a lesbian is a chick magnet, does she repel women?
Let me tell you a little about myself, it's a reflexive pronoun that means 'me'.
When The Human Torch jumped off the building, it was the first time I saw a man go down in flames.
Raising children is easy, just keep the boys away from the blue lights and girls from the red lights.
It must be hard to flirt as a pirate
If you work at an egg farm, you're probably a chicken tender.
Begging for money on the streets makes a lot of cents.
I was out driving last night and I almost hit a pedestrian, but I'll get him next time.
Shoutout to people who you dont want in your house anymore.
You cant hate something until you try it.
Assassins wear leather because it is made of hide
Christmas these days is a lot like having sex, the build up is great, but when it finally comes, I regret spending all that money.
If you dont like assholes then donate yours to someone who needs a transplant
I've got a feeling my emotional side isn't dead after all.
Yesterday the military lost a high tech camouflage tank.
I called Doris Day's cousin the other day. She hates when I call her that.
I think one of my dads is gay.
Everyone says I talk too much and should get help so I started attending On&amp;On Anon meetings.
Mary &amp; Joseph. Now there's a Stable relationship.
Give a man some beer and hell drink all day, give a man some tequila and hell vomit all night
I was going to go to a seminar on how to be more independent, but I had no-one to go with.
Everytime I get a ride through the underground with my coworker, my wrist hurts. Stupid carpool tunnel.
Everytime i get a ride through the underground with my coworker, my wrist hurts. Stupid carpool tunnel.
Thrusting too hard is a dick move.
Everytime i get a a ride through the underground with my coworker, my wrist hurts. Stupid carpool tunnel.
When I smoked, I tried to quit cold turkey, but the taste of warm poultry kept creeping up on me.
Gas's flammability is one of a kind; you can't hold a candle to it.
When I was a kid I hated getting my ass chewed out, but now that I'm an adult, I love it.
Bought a book on time management, but can't find time to finish it.
When I was a kid I hated getting my ass chewed out, but now that I'm an adult, I love it.
I tried to kill myself by jumping off a bridge but fight or flight kicked in.
My yoga classes have to be at the same time every week because I'm pretty inflexible.
I've got a hunch I'm related to Quasimodo
Diplomacy is the art of saying good dog, while looking for a bigger stick.
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
Duct tape is like the force, it has a light side and a dark side and it holds the universe together.
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and Ive never looked back since.
I aim to please....and I never miss
I havent talked to my wife in three weeks. I didnt want to interrupt her.
What do you get when you combine an ironic joke with a rhethorical question?
Space rocks taste better than Earth rocks because they are a little meteor
I broke my finger pointing out all my faults.
You know you're getting old when you start having dry dreams and wet farts.
Someone just stole my mood ring and Im not sure how to feel about that.
I've just been diagnosed as bi-polar and I don't know whether to laugh or cry.
My face fell when I realised the skin grafts hadn't taken.
Atheist Jesus has low self-esteem because he doesnt believe in himself.
I'm not fond to start a lot of new things, because I'm a perfectionist
Save the whales.... Collect the whole set.
Auctioneers are not the most knowledgeable people, but they do know lots.
You gotta hand it to blind hookers
Ive successfully grown a field of dildos, but now I have a problem with squatters.
The best Christmas present is a broken drum, because you just can't beat it.
Fish celebrate Christmas by hanging reefs on the door.
Scaffolding...I'm a supporter.
I'd love to know what the media would do if there was ever a scandal about a gate.
I was in love with a tennis player, but it meant nothing to her.
All my one liners are unfunny.
Aerosmith swept the verticle conveyance category of the Vehicular Grammys for the 29th year in a row with "Love in an Elevator."
Even the most authentic smartphones are phoney.
"I see," said the blind man.
If the queen had balls, shed be the king.
Sometimes you obviously miss the obvious because of the obvious
They call me captain obvious because I state the obvious
There's nothing wrong with perfectionism.
Accordion to a study, 93% won't notice if a word has been replaced with an instrument.
If Harrison Ford, in a "carpe diem" mood, killed a ghetto Mexican with a Cuban sugar knife over a casual collared shirt and some chocolate covered caramel, then pleaded no contest, would it be a Solo yolo polo Rolo cholo bolo nolo?
I bet the spider in my car mirror wonders why it gets real windy twice a day.
I eat posters of celebrities because I'm fame hungry.
I'm celebrating my birthday this weekend; it was seven months ago, but I need an excuse to get drunk.
I hate fighting traffic, the cars win every time!
Ajit Pai
They tried to make a second Yogi Bear, but they made a Boo-Boo.
Drum 'n' Bass takes my two of my favourite things and puts a "D" and "B" in front of them.
1 in 81 people liked mundane statistics.
I'm not superstitious. I heard it's bad luck.
"We need to talk", thought the caveman.
Happiness comes from within which is why people enjoy farting.
The Four F's are Fight Flight Feed and reproduce.
"Goodness" and "beauty" are words denoting the absence of evil and ugliness
These days your memory might be better if you smoke pot and not play football.
Stoner thoughts are highdeas.
Im not stubborn my way is just better.
Ice hockey is basically just guys wearing knife shoes and fighting each other with long sticks for the last Oreo.
My boss told me I intimidate my coworkers, so I just stared at him until he apologized.
There are so many scams on the Internet these days and for $19.95, I can show you how to avoid them!
I love telling Dad Jokes. He loves them.
I invited my maths teacher over to my house and I told her to get here at ten past one, so she turned up at eleven.
I told my friend that I was selling my car, He didnt buy it.
I found self help books to be invaluable when battling previous addictions, but now im addicted to reading self help books.
The stars are now in perfect alignment for me to break my addiction to magical thinking.
When Someone Asks What It's Like To Be Dead?
There is nothing wrong with being gay and thats why you should take this pill that makes you gay
Everything's a UFO when you're nearsighted
There's a lot of unrest in the insomniac community.
Are you feeling cold? Sit in the corner, it is 90 degrees
I didn't know which hammer to get my dad, but I think I nailed it.
Someone stole my trashbag full of completely new AA batteries. There was a hefty charge when the found the guy.
Hearing a new release is music to my hears.
In my eyes, there's nothing wrong with being a perfectionist, but they'd probably find something.
I'm not fat, but my 100-metre dash record is about 54 metres.
My financial advisor said I needed to budget better, so I fired him.
If I just died right now, my life would be complete.
I remember learning about the Baader-Meinhof phenomena, now it seems that everyone is talking about it
It cost me $500 to fly economy class, and what a waste of money, I still know nothing about economics
I wonder what Eli Whitney's Cotton Gin tasted like
I just watched a program on National Geographic about beaver colonies, and it dam show I've seen in awhile.
When Santa thinks of you, he touches his elf.
The difference between snowmen and snowwomen are the snowballs.
If you suffer from Schizophrenia, you're not alone.
100% of the population have never died
When I hear "there is nothing funny about", I expect to hear something funny that they prefer was not funny
__________________________________
There are only two kinds of people: those who oversimplify and those who don't
There's nothing better than an objective opinion.
I'd like to preface this one liner by saying I hate preliminary explanations.
/
I am sure I am confused.
If Iwa s mistakenly adopted by a french man, he would be my faux pa.
Two construction workers had a stairing contest.
I'm starting a caving club for jerks called A~holes in a hole
Santa has a really big sack because he only comes once a year.
Every time my washing machine is on "final spin," I feel like I'm on Wheel Of Fortune.
The thought of overdosing on drugs makes me foam at the mouth.
All porn is only a record of past events and you are obsessed with certain parts of history where people happened to be naked and horny
Roses are red violets are blue, Im schizophrenic and so am I.
I've grown to hate low ceilings.
He who laughs last, thinks slowest.
Apparently, 3.5 out of 7 people over-complicate things.
I believe a lot of conflict in the Wild West could have been avoided completely if cowboy architects had just made their towns big enough for everyone.
Some people say I have a problem with authority, as though they're the experts...
It's really important to obey the laws of grammar, after all rules is rules.
My friend's selling a load of broken yo-yos, no strings attached.
"Let's take turns naming American vice-presidents, Al Gore first."
My dear old grandmother always used to say the way to a man's heart was through his stomach, which is why she lost her job as a cardiac surgeon.
If a deer stands in a rain does it become rendier?
I wanted to join the autism subreddit but it was full of down votes.
Someone might have once said I was forgetful.
best one liner
I don't like body hair, I just grew an elbow on my head.
Everyone at the gym is so quick to judge me and my mankini.
When I was a child, my family was so poor, that at Christmas, we exchanged glances.
A bicycle cant stand on its own because it's two tired.
Ive been told Im condescending(that means I talk down to people)
So what if I dont know what Armageddon means, its not the end of the world...
I went bobsleighing the other day, killed around 250 bobs
My friend once said, "If I wasn't making cocktails, I'd be a criminal." Now he's behind bars.
If there are statistics in heaven, I don't even want to peek at "errors".
Whats the difference between a bad joke and a good joke timing
The difference between outlaws and inlaws is that outlaws are wanted
I once bought some used paint, and it was in the shape of a house
I know my neighbors have a problem with mice because I keep finding them in my kitchen.
If you're having trouble understanding fractions, don't worry, our helpline is open 24/7.
What's the difference between Kentucky and China? In China they ride in Smart Cars. In Kentucky, they ride their cousins.
The misdirected astronaut wasnt exactly over the moon.
The divers had to be careful because the octopus was heavily armed.
The best thing to carry with you when you start feeling tired is a knapsack.
You can blow bubbles, but youll never blow me.
Santa doesnt have kids because he only comes once a year, and then its down the chimney
I think diarrhea is hereditary, because it certainly runs in your jeans!
My dog was castrated so that Christmas dinner became less awkward.
Brain food is very different to cannibals.
Dear Satan, all I want for Christmas is a cure for my dyslexia.
A boy sent a letter to Santa Claus, "Please send me a sister." Santa wrote him a letter back that read "Ok, send me your mother."
At the mall my parents said I could pick anything, so I picked my nose.
At the mall my parents told me I could pick anything I wanted, so I picked my nose.
A blind man fell into a hole because he couldn't see that well.
A homeless drunk sees a dog licking his balls and tells his buddy "I wish I could do that" to which he replied "Don't you think you should pet him &amp; see if he's friendly first?"
If wishes were horses, we would not be eating cows.
Two heads are better than one. But not on the same person.
When my wife asked what she wanted for Christmas, she said to me "Nothing would make her happier than a diamond necklace." So I bought her nothing.
A partially blind man fell down a well because he couldn't see that well.
A pessimists blood type is always B-.
Jokes about socialism only work if everyone gets them.
Conflict-free wedding ring is an oxymoron
When I accidentally bought the wrong type of bread, my day had gone a rye
My uncle was recently killed after being electrocuted by a faulty plug socket and needless to say the whole family is in a state of shock
Proofreading can help raise the bra on dyslexia induced errors.
/r/Oneliners Monthly Contest! (#9, December 2017)
Im so broke I cant even pay attention.
Whiteboards are remarkable
I am full of love. My heart is agape with agape.
Some people don't know about dramatic irony.
I try to live every day as though it were my last and who wants to do laundry on the last day theyre alive?
I'm pickle rick give me my sczhechuan sauce pls
One-liners lack the width two-liners have, and the depth three-liners provide.
is this a good roast?
Freddie Mercury was the first planet to become a star.
I never speak in absolutes.
If a parsley farmer gets sued, can they garnish his wages?
When is was a child i could never snap my fingers but one day when is was practicing it just clicked
If a biopic of Roy Moore is ever made, the producers need to hire Roman Polanski to direct it.
Heroin, might be worth a shot.
/u/doubledickdude should have chosen then name /u/AlanTudyk
My doctor tells me not to watch porn anymore, apparently the screen is irritating my nose.
I'm still watching the Never Ending Story.
a racistist discriminates against racists
My birth certificate was a letter of apology that my dad got from the condom company.
As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in schools.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
If an angel statue is removed from a fountain, does that make it a sans seraph font?
Gross pay should be what it's called AFTER taxes because when you see what's left it's disgusting.
A little piece of me loves fractions.
A little piece of me loves fraction.
Working out is about figuring out your body
Christmas is no different than my job, I do all the work and the fat guy in the suit gets all the credit
Being a male porn star must be hard.
The only thing that flat earthers fear, is sphere itself.
My wife told me: Sex is better on holiday. That wasnt a nice postcard to receive
YOUR face is as good as YOU!!
Nothing gets me into the Christmas spirit better than spirits.
The only way to be great at golf is to be subpar.
I get really offended when people say I think about other peoples opinions too much
You know when Santa's in the room because you can sense his presents.
STRESSED is just DESSERTS spelled backward.
People who are afraid of Santa are "Claustrophobic."
(Not mine) I was talking to my north korean friend the other day and i asked how it was going, he said he couldn't complain.
Someone should tell Sammy Hagar that you can drive 55.
If Tupac had made music with Sade, they could have been a band called two packs a day.
I told my wife she drew her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised.
Artificial Intelligence is better than none
I'm a seasoned kamikaze veteran, cuz all my jokes bomb
Assuming someone is good at oral sex is as foolish as assuming a plumber is good at brain surgery.
You dont need a parachute to go skydiving, you need a parachute to go skydiving twice
If you believe in telekinesis, raise my hand
How hilarious would it be if farts were like yawns, contagious.
The problem with sex in the movies is that the popcorn usually spills
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese
Support bacteria- theyre the only culture some people have
If your sewing rips, its ok, theres no need to cry over split silk
Conspiracies are a shill, they were made up by the government.
A cat ate some cheese and waited for a mouse with baited breath.
A zoo had a camel with no humps named Humphrey.
The best way to communicate with a fish is to drop them a line.
The only kind of debt that matters is debt of pleasure, borrowed or saved now with interest for later, that causes a downward or upward spiral
and who would have guessed that the masturbating bear of Connan is Louis CK
When I tell guys that they have an epic chest, I get a free lunch, but when I say the same thing to girls, I get a free punch.
My idea for a poison dart frog exhibit didn't go over with the petting zoo.
I have the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the Toronto Zoo
I got an pi-pen from my friend when he died, it seemed very important to him that I have it
The only thing youll get if you drop a piano down a mineshaft is A Flat Minor
I told the hairdresser to blow-dry my hair and now she's complaining that her cheeks are sore.
This Fibonacci joke is as bad as the last two you heard combined.
What's missing from G_lag?
Im going to have come out of retirement and go back to work, then I can make more money so I wont have to pay taxes.
When your only tool is a hammer, all problems start looking like nails.
Don't worry, be here now...
After the developments with Flynn and Kushner today, President Trump is all atwitter.
69% of people find something dirty in every sentence
When it comes to capital punishment, I'm not sure about the execution.
As a dyslexic devil worshipper I sold my soul to Santa
Circles are pointless.
I take great pride in being humble.
The town I come from is so ugly, the tour buses have no windows by request.
Has anyone seen my Chameleon?
My cousin told me that he dug tunnels for a living and I said it sounded like a boring job.
I told my literature teacher I didn't like Emily Bronte; he gave me a Wuthering look.
I used to work knight shifts down at the local medieval recreation exhibit.
Boobs are like diamonds, if they aren't real, I'm not interested.
Programmers wear glasses because they can't C#
After years of teasing my girlfriend about her anorexia, she finally snapped.
6 is afraid of 7 because 7 8 9.
As I was leaving the sperm bank the lady at the front desk told me,Thanks for cumin!
I'm glad I'm not a bird, because I find feathers to be quite ticklish
When does a doctor get mad? When he run out of patients
19 &amp; 20 got into a fight, 21.
A buttload of people is more than a buttload of gay people
My literature teacher asked how I liked _Inferno_ and I replied "al Dante."
Some co-workers remind me of a software update, whenever I see them, I usually think "not now."
If theres one thing Im gouda at, its being cheesy
When the doctor informed me I was colorblind, the news came right out of the green.
The best part of a woman is her mind, it's the part that chooses show you her tits
I told her what I loved about her most was her mind, because that's the part of her that told her to get into bed with me naked The best part of a woman is her mind, because it's the part you have to convince to see her tits
If handjobs were an Olympic sport, I'm the guy to beat
The police asked me if I would take a lie detector, I said yes and now I have been charged with conspiracy to commit theft.
Without assholes, no shit would get done.
If two vegetarians are having a fight, can we still say they're having a beef?!
Does running late count as exercise?
There are so many scams on the Internet these days, but for $19.95, I can show you how to avoid them.
I wrote a song about a tortilla, well actually, its more of a wrap.
A lot of people cry when they cut onions, but the trick is not to form an emotional bond.
Older folks read #MeToo as "Pound Me Too"
I accidentally took Viagra instead of my sleeping pills - I was up all night.
I decided to stop masturbating and since then Ive not really felt myself.
When I was younger I felt like a man trapped inside a womans body and then I was born.
I once met a knighted British veterinarian who works on the Queen's caviar-bearing fish. His card said "Sir John Spurgeon, Sturgeon Surgeon."
Call me old fashioned but l refuse to talk to my tv remote.
The cashiers always checking me out.
There is no justice in this world, it is always ice and something else.
Don't you hate it when a sentence doesn't end the way you think it octopus.
I was named after my grandfather, chronologically.
Me: Help! The 3DS is dying! Nintendo Ambulance: Wii U, Wii U, Wii U, Wii U
I made a Facebook page for Chinese Nazis. It has three reichs already.
I really want to buy one of these grocery checkout dividers but the lady keeps putting it back.
Orange juice is especially good for focus because it's made from concentrate.
It must suck to be a Hoover
Drilling holes in the ground might sound like fun, but it's really boring.
Plateaus are the highest form of flattery.
I was kicked out of my church on Trivia Night
My art teacher said that if I wanted to draw people I should work on my personality
Digging tunnels is a boring job.
I thought 'Yodelling' was a trainee Jedi knight.
Just ordered 4 Kindles from Amazon and they sent me a Two Ronnie's DVD
Man thinks he has all the power, but the power comes from the socket, not from the plug.
Two penguins walk into a bar, and the bartender says "Waddle it be, boys?"
Virgins, They can get f***ed
The date-rape drug for necrophiliacs is cyanide.
If you dont think sexism is alive and well today, youre as dumb as a woman.
I lost my job at a cocktail bar for violence, but it was the customer's fault for saying: "Give me your finest punch, sir."
Will the new royal couple be "Hal and Meg"?
Time doesnt exists, clock exists!
I have a Polish friend who has a job as a sound engineer and I have a Czech one too.
A man truly doesn't know inner conflict until a wasp lands on his balls.
Pornhub's servers are pretty good, seeing as they can handle huge loads.
Daredevil cafeteria employee works without a hair net.
My wife says I only hear half of something something.
Im in a committed relationship, on the psych floor at St. Josephs hospital.
My wife and I are in a committed relationship, on the psych floor at St. Josephs hospital.
My train of thought has jumped the track.
I had a coffin fit today. Turns out I've got funereal disease.
Bartender, a pharmacist with a limited inventory
After Tuesday, even the calender goes wtf.
Epic one liner - ha ha ha ha hahaha ha ha ha ha hahaha.
Hurricane said to coconut tree, "Hold on to your nuts, its no ordinary blow job"
Sex is not the answer, Its the question, "Yes" is the answer
Youve really gotta hand it to blind prostitutes
Some people are incapable to learn by theory only by practice but by then it is sometimes too late
I like Jesus, but he loves me, so its awkward.
My Dad told me to invest my money in bonds, so I bought 100 copies of Goldfinger.
Ive decided to stop masturbating and since then, Ive not really felt myself.
You know youre working class when your TV is bigger than your book case.
I used to be addicted to swimming, but Im very proud to say, Ive been dry for six years.
Say what you want about deaf people
One of my friends just got diagnosed with updog.
Does this cloth smell like chloroform to you?
Don't tell anyone I told you this, but I have heard my wife is going to leave me because I gossip too much.
My football team is sponsored by Apple, so now there is an 'I' in team.
The best advice on contraception a mother can give her daughter is simply to use her head.
Men are like bank accounts, because without a lot of money, they don't generate a lot of interest.
People said I'd never get the hang of blackjack, but do you know anybody else with a high score of 32?
The top social networks are facebook and, last but not least, reddit, cuz facebook sucks
Time flys like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
I used to like chicken more than beef, but that was hen and this is cow.
I had a complaint about my meditation classes, so I was referred to the Ommmbudsman.
[to the tune of No Sleep 'til Brooklyn] One! Month! 'til Christmassss!
I'm a confident driver - confident that I'm going to hit something.
Nihilist store robbed at gunpoint. Fortunately, nothing of value was taken.
My friend found God after getting lost in a maze - He had nowhere else to turn.
When a guy pulls his penis out, he can tell what his partner thinks about his size, based on their sighs.
Im going to design decorative sleeves that go over womens handbags and call them, Hot Purse Suits.
I was taking naughty pictures of my ficus plant, when my religious friend said. What a photo sin this is!
Somewhere, right now, there is a night club where critics are raving.
The world hide and seek champion said it was his intention to get married next year, but his perfect woman would be hard to find.
Put your hands up if its 12:00!
My favorite expression is saying potato, potato over text
I got off in court so they locked me up.
There really aren't enough emojis... we need mo' 'ji.
I wanted to check out a strip mine, so I made an inquarry.
I had an irritable stomach, but my doctor said it would pass.
When William joined the army, he disliked the phrase fire at will.
Condoms should be used on every conceivable occasion.
I just got a henna tattoo of the Chinese character for "Forever"
It's Black Friday...what's the big deal?
I take my hat off to insecure bald men.
I've heard that reincarnation is making a comeback
I used to see this girl across the road from me, but she closes her curtains now.
I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be without sponges.
My Palm Tree Business Is Growing
No matter how hard Subway tries, it will always remain substandard.
I met a great girl while I was jousting at the Rennaissance fair, and I thought she was the one. But all she wanted was a one knight stand.
Advert in mountaineering store window: Now there is discount off our winter tents.
It takes many nails to build a crib but only one screw to fill it
Shipping isnt free any more than a hooker can legally sell you a massage with free sex
I just put a stick in my non-stick pan.
I just bought a Swedish dog, and it keeps bjarking at the neighbors
I may be a little cynical, and kinda sarcastic, but at least I am not passive aggressive like some people I know.
Anal sex is right up your alley.
It's very risky when you butt dial somebody and they pick up, because then it's your ass on the line.
Man, all this talk about net neutrality makes me so Ajitated.
You can get a job if you apply yourself enough.
Every birthday is a surprise birthday when you reach 80 years of age.
An ad for a sandwich shop said "Lettuce meat olive your eggspectations"
I love you too, he lied.
Hey I just noticed Neptune is a dark-blue planet and ur anus is light-blue.
They weigh whales at the whale weigh station.
You can't tell jokes to thieves because they take everything literally.
Dyslexics if America - Untie!
You don't have to go overseas to trip a broad
Who is Allison Chains? And are we going to do anything about the fact that she's down in a hole?
I call my weed The Koran, because burning that shit will get you stoned.
If the Starship Enterprise, 'boldly goes where no one has gone before', how come they always meet somebody?
I hate negative numbers and will stop at nothing to avoid them.
The pig left the costume party because everyone thought he was a boar.
To the optimist, the glass is half full, to the pessimist, the glass is half empty, but to the engineer, the glass is twice as big as it needs to be.
I don't know what the best thing about Switzerland is, but the flag is a big plus.
You know what they say bout cliffhangers..
You know what they say bout cliff hangers..
I use my personality as a contraceptive.
Each time I use a banana for scale, I squash it.
I don't mean to brag, but most of my warrants are considered outstanding.
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day , teach a man to eat fish and he'll steal your wife
Earthquakes: Remember, if you live next to one, it's your fault.
Nothing says blue balls like winter at the nudist colony
A bee keeper told me to mind my own beeswax. Turns out he really meant business.
A bee keeper told me to stay out of his beeswax. Turns out he meant business.
My father always told me that the undertaker would be the last person to let me down.
For most women on their wedding day, they get a new name and a dress.
They opened a new cafe on the moon, and while the food is out of this world, there's not much atmosphere.
Some people enjoy forcefully expelling air from their lungs, but I'm not a fan.
Where there's dirt, there's potatos.
Im thinking of becoming a hit-man because I heard they make a killing.
The difference between a cat and a complex sentence is that a cat has claws at the end of its paws and a complex sentence has a pause at the end of its clause.
The big chimney said to the little chimney, Youre too young to smoke.
Did I already do my dj vu joke?
Well that's one partridge that will not be in a pear tree this Christmas!
I tried to start a club for Erectile Dysfunction, but it was a total flop, nobody came.
Squirrel who runs up womans legs will not find nuts
Had a tough Physics exam today - Talk about pressure.
He told me he lost my sieve, but his story didn't hold water.
Average things are made in a satisfactory.
Scientists allow us to see the sun in a different light.
It's hard for politicians treason with terrorists.
My sister bought a driving app recently, it keeps crashing.
Breaking News: The Supreme Court has just ruled 9-1 that they don't know who he is or how he got in, but he's definitely not a justice.
What can I say, I'm a sucker for pacifier puns.
The funeral service industry can never die.
Peanuts are like testicles, in a nut shell.
Peanuts are like cashews in a nutshell.
I met a one-legged woman outside of a club the other day...she was a bouncer.
A naked man broke into a church and the police chased him around and finally caught him by the organ.
I only enjoy two or three Motown groups, four tops.
Someone just threw a bottle of Omega 3 pills at me, but dont worry, I only suffered super fish oil injuries.
There are plenty of fish in the sea, but until I catch one I'm stuck here holding my rod.
I used to be scared of pretty girls and then I realized they were just as scared of me.
I'll bet you $50 that I'm not addicted to gambling.
I have to exercise early in the morning before my brain figures out what I'm doing.
I have to exercise early in the morning before my brain figures out what I'm doing.
If Crime doesn't pay...Does that mean my job is a crime?
In this society you gotta have balls to grow a moustache
The landscaper thought gardening magazines were fun to leaf through.
The conductor lost his train of thought after the engine derailed.
My friend died doing what he loved  Heroin.
Banning Viagra was a big flop.
The city pound keeps a cat-a-logue of strays.
PSA
Man who wants pretty nurse must be patient
Breaking: Caitlyn Jenner accuses Bruce Jenner of years of sexual harassment.
Dad always tried to treat me like he would treat God: He didn't believe in me.
I went on a date with a communist, it was a pretty big red flag.
Maybe Hitler wouldnt have been so grumpy if people hadnt left him hanging for high fives all the time.
A group of kindergartners is called a migraine.
There's no "i" in denial
Velcro
My friend asked me if I had a blind pet. I replied "I've no eye deer."
Did you hear about the crime on the moving staircase? Things escalated quickly.
Gambling is illegal in Africa because there are too many cheetahs.
Never hit a man with glasses, hit him with a baseball bat.
One tectonic plate bumped into another and said, Sorry, my fault.
Do gun manuals have a trouble shooting section?
My penis is only three inches long, but it smells like a foot.
What Do You Call A Nuns Nipples?
Whenever I feel blue, I start breathing again.
If a dog gave birth to puppies near the road would it be cited for littering?
Reading while sunbathing makes you well red.
People are choosing cremation over traditional burial, which shows that they are thinking out of the box.
When you dream in color, is it a pigment of your imagination?
A group of people is called no thanks.
When you think about it, coffee is Viagra for your brain.
I made my wife breakfast in bed the other day. She was livid; I probably should have used the kitchen.
Why do blind people walk their dog so much..
I was attacked by a group of mimes yesterday...they did unspeakable things to me.
There's, like, a bazillion indefinite hyperbolic numerals.
I used to be addicted to Thanksgiving leftovers, but I had to quit cold turkey
As a flasher, my motto is grin and bare it.
Hiking in the hills has its ups and downs.
My career counselor told me "You can't be an exhibitionist", I replied "Watch me"
Trump giving Franken crap about sexual harassment is like Tom Brady giving Russell Wilson crap about throwing a crossing route.
I have a trophy wife
Incest: Keep it in the family
Girls are like roads, more the curves, more the dangerous they are.
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once.
A dyslexic man walks into a bra
You can't spell the word "shame" without EA.
I got so drunk last night, I dont know if I found some keys or lost a car.
I would make a demoralizing, patronizing joke about your height, but Im bigger than that.
People who have Bluetooth handsets need a clip round the ear.
Last night I played a blank tape at full blast and the mime next door went nuts.
RomeoAndJuliet.docx is a play on Word.
Irony - it's like Goldy and Bronzy, only it's made of iron
I can't tell whether my pronunciation is inaccurate or it isn't accurate.
On a scale of North Korea to America, how free are you tonight?
Ive spent the past two years looking for my ex-girlfriends killer but no one will do it.
a phleboptimist thinks the glass is half full of blood
anyone else find that the monster mash is much lumpier than the normal kind?
I saw a girl in the distance and she had horizon me.
I recently bought 51% of a vampire hunting company so now I'm the main stake holder.
Abstinence makes the church grow fondlers.
I feel like a fugitive from the law of averages.
Is it crazy how saying sentences backwards creates backwards sentences saying how crazy it is 
Patton Oswald murdered his wife and got away with it.
His surgeon wanted to give him a free lobotomy saying, think nothing of it."
To kill a circus in one blow, go for the juggler.
Those who live beyond their means, should act their wage.
The surgeon really did not know how to perform quick surgeries on insects, but he did one on the fly.
A hangman will always keep you in the loop.
My town has a dense population, no one has an IQ over 80.
Circling vultures are a dead giveaway.
When baking dog biscuits, be sure to use collie flour.
Back when the news was written on clay tablets there was a lot of breaking news.
This old shoe is on its last leg.
Making your own hard liquor is a whiskey business.
I couldnt repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder.
A smoking section in a restaurant is like a peeing section in a pool.
A committee is a group of men who keep minutes and waste hours.
A bachelors life is no life for a single man.
So I suggested to my wife that she'd look sexier with her hair back Which is apparently an insensitive thing to say to a cancer patient.
Donald Trump Resigns! Claims he just couldn't hack it.
Come on down to Park &amp; Sons Tattoo Parlor, where the prices are steady, but the hands certainly are not!
I hated hipsters before it was cool.
Crane drivers have uplifting pick-up lines.
Is it true that an apple a day, keeps the doctor away, or is it just one of Granny's myths?
A diamond ring is a way of telling a woman, "I love you so much I want African children to suffer just so your finger can shine."
I met someone online who shares my fetish for urinating on dried fruit, so were going to go on a date next week.
I've asked my wife to always buy my trousers from now on because chinos what's best.
I am as high on the smart scale as a trippin-balls stoner is on the high scale.
breast food is the best food, and thats why so many ppl eat cereal with milk
Squishh : A squid swimming silently
A rocket always backfires for the launch!
Dwarf shortage
When chemists die, they barium
Jokes about German sausage are the wurst
This morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got into my pajamas, I don't know
Those who get too big for their pants will be totally exposed in the end
I used to ride my bike everyday,until i decided to take a brake from it.
I recently called my necrophiliac friend. I asked him how his wife was doing; he replied: "The rotten cunt split on me!"
I once had to say goodbye to a good buy to do good by a good bi because I owed them money.
I recently called my necrophiliac friend...
If you only have sex with prostitutes you should be considered buysexual.
When an old man wanted to retire from being a traffic cop, his boss gave him the green light.
Merchants of dried grapes are always raisin awareness.
You have a face for radio.
Why did the chicken cross the road. Because it was a dumbass.
You need brains to be a neurosurgeon.
Taco Night at the Drug Rehab Clinic allows you to shit AND get off the pot!
Louis C.K.'s dating strategy is to feel a little cocky.
Some people need a pat on the back... off a cliff
Im forever disappointed that a group of squids isnt called a squad
I wanted to be a monk when I grew up, until I realized how dirty their habits are.
I have two different grammar teachers teaching conflicting things and sometimes I don't know whom to believe.
I never thought Id have a beard, but now its starting to grow on me.
With copper unavailable, continued operation of the mint would make no cents.
In ancient Egypt, papyrus farmers taught people the importance of reeding.
The high school music teacher was quite controversial, because he told his students to read band books.
Did you hear about the optometrist who fell into a lens grinder and made a spectacle of himself?
Does working for UPS make you a professional boxer?
The world's fattest bird tournament uses round robin scheduling
The poet, poorly spoke... The audience, disgruntled... With rot did bombard
If I had a pet newt I would name it Tiny, because it would be my newt.
I've seen God's silhouette - all I did was pour water over an enormous monster.
I'm pretty good at looking through telescopes; I can do it with one eye closed.
I just got a map of Italy tattooed on my chest. Now Ive got sore Naples. - Tim Vine
Whenever I use a toilet, my urine gets pissed!
You can't just keep printing things out as if paper grows on trees.
I would have become a sailor, but I didn't want to make waves.
As soon as the airplane was invented, things were looking up.
Last night I ate Middle Eastern food, and this morning I falafel.
Michelangelo's David is superior to postmodern sculpture - it's an artifact.
My ex asked for 9 inches and for it to be painful. So I fucked her 3 times, and punched her in the face.
Interesting fact: when you smack your head against a keyboard five times you invent a new medicine.
If I opened an all night smog check business, would everyone be embarrassed to come if I named it "Nocturnal Emissions"?
If brown houses can be made from brownstone and red houses from red brick then what are greenhouses made from?
People say Ive got no willpower. But Ive quit smoking loads of times.
My wife told me: Sex is better on holiday. That wasnt a very nice postcard to receive.
Headphones with music are calming for the mind, since we don't mind anything
My hooker always says 'it's been a business doing pleasure with you' when i pay her.
A friend of mine is going to medical school to become an ED specialist, I think he's gonna make it big.
You mess with the bee keeper, you get the hornets.
The misdirected astronaut wasnt exactly over the moon.
The divers had to be careful, because the octopus was heavily armed.
The broom was having a bad day because he didnt get enough sweep.
I used to have a pet leech that was very attached to me.
The best thing to carry with you when you start feeling tired is a knapsack.
Donald Trump has more flip-flops than a Maltese shoe shop.
The only time I would want to hold your face is when I want to know how to say photosynthesis in Braille.
I've got a filthy habit - I dress up as a nun and go mud wrestling.
I used to date a girl with a squint but she said she couldn't see me anymore.
I was going to talk shit on iMacs, but I decided that wouldn't be very PC.
My buddy invented a way you can eat just by imagining a meal, I said that's food for thought.
Diarrhea is hereditary
I must have a nice butt, because every time I turn around, I hear people whisper "What an ass."
I'm going to go stand outside, so if anyone asks, I'm outstanding.
Why didn't you tell me you licked glue?
Good sex can correct poor posture, or at least make it stand up straight
I was in the park wondering why frisbees appear bigger the closer they are. Then it hit me
What do you call a deer with no eyes? : No eye deer.
What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? Still no eye deer.
Guns dont kill people....husbands who come home early, kill people!
When you get a bladder infection, urine trouble.
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
Did you hear about the cross-eyed teacher who lost her job because she couldn't control her pupils?
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. I just can't put it down.
I changed my iPod's name to Titanic. It's syncing now.
I tried to catch some fog, but I mist
Just in time for this Christmas, stores are now stocking French Army knives, featuring 6 corkscrews and a white flag.
The sexual potential of any body part is directly proportional to our lover's willingness to lick it.
I signed up for my company's 401K but I don't think I can run that far
Video games can be great at parties, but some can be Bad Company 2.
When the branding iron was invented cattle were very impressed.
A fisherman tried boxing, but he only threw hooks.
Drivers who speed in the snow often find themselves adrift.
When you get a transfusion in a Taiwanese hospital, you receive Taipei blood.
Forklift operators do not care for oneliners - they find them unpalletable.
Judge: You shouldn't have shown your... Louis: Ck?
Dark? That's a completely different matter all together.
True friends stab you in the front.
I'm planning on robbing the butchery on the 30th floor, the steaks are very high.
Yo mama's so ugly, when she stared into the abyss, the abyss looked away.
I'm not crazy about reality, but it's still the only place to get a decent meal.-Groucho Marx
I heard that if you drink every day, it means you're an alcoholic, so now, I only drink at night.
Doris Day's cousin retweeted me. This was just the other Day.
You've heard about that new TV program about origami on paper view, right?
A mistress lies between a mister and a mattress
Trump has kind of grown on me, like a cancer that needs to be removed.
Opinion is like an arsehole, everyone has one.
Sometimes, I get that sick feeling like I want to vomit, but I cant, because that sick feeling is all I am.
Now that I've retired, I taken up meditation, it sure beats sitting around doing nothing.
I used to long for the day when Bill Cosby could again be considered just an average celebrity.
Midgets understand everyone.
"Old McDonald had a farm...", sang the cheery repossession man.
I have a plan to steal the cookies, but it's a little half-baked.
If you don't believe in oral sex, keep your mouth shut.
Gambling addiction hotlines would do so much better if every fifth caller was a winner.
I saw a documentary on how ships are kept together. Riveting!
Two hunters are driving through the woods when they see a sign that says "Bear Left," so they go home.
My girlfriend told me to go the whole nine yards in bed. She then got upset when I started coping a feel with her sister in the room next to hers.
I was just reading through that book "50 Things to do Before You Die" and I was really surprised that none of them was "Shout for help!" ...
Two Fat Guys sitting in a bar having rounds of beers. Fat Guy Billy says to Fat Guy Bob "Your round!" Bob quickly replys "You are too you fat bastard!" ...
Surely every car is a people carrier?
They're always telling me to live my dreams. But I don't want to be naked in an exam I haven't revised for...
My wife keeps making sarcastic comments about my receding hairline and it's starting to wear a bit thin now.
As a trainee proctologist, I had to work my way up from the bottom.
I was going out with this girl and I never knew she had a dental implant, until it came out in conversation one day.
Telling a demolitionist how to do his job is destructive criticism.
The hardest part of my grandfathers death was destroying the evidence.
Stoners in Tech deploy in the cloud.
Kevin Spacey is the second fake president this year to be accused of sexual assault.
Gardeners in autumn must be raking it in.
In Das Boot, the captain kept writing in his log, but we never got to see it, because it was all subtext.
I was going to change the battery in my wife's toy but she decided to put it in herself.
Breaking News: Hundreds of strippers are making sexual accusations against many celebrities saying "They were paying me $20 to dance for them naked"
Coke dealers are always sticking their business in other peoples noses.
People think Im weird because I swallowed an abacus, but its whats inside that counts.
I saw a girl off in the distance and I think she had horizon me.
I once sat next to an insurance salesman at a Robbie Williams gig. And through it all, he offered me protection.
Mexicans never win any Olympic medals because everyone who can run, jump, and swim is in the USA
During my wife's pregnancy, she really connected with her inner child.
I've got a fear of speed bumps, but I'm slowly getting over it.
My partner and I don't really talk about the topic of foreplay much, it's kind of a.. touchy subject.
When the man was shot with a BB gun the case ended up in a pellet court.
A university is a city in outer space.
if a time traveler from Pompeii saw people playing 'the floor is lava' I'm guessing they would call it a hate crime.
A supreme litre is the only drink size allowed in North Korea.
Maths were the only two things I was good at in school.
My wife said getting the backup camera on our new car was a waste of money, but hindsight is 20/20.
The trouble with bucket seats is that not everybody has the same size bucket.
It's best to keep your mouth shut when you are in deep water.
I think it's great that you're turning over a new leaf, but keep going; the gutters are full of them.
The only difference between lawyers and flying pigs is the letter F
Water boarding at Guantanamo Bay sounds really great if you dont know what either of those things are
My one friend is republican we cant agree on anything but hes all right.
For the Jews and Palestinians, the struggle Israel.
Government of the rich people, buy the people, for the rich people shall not perish from earth!
I went on a diet for 2 weeks and the only thing that I lost was my mind.
Apparently, most people lean slightly forward when they nod their head and I must say, Im inclined to agree.
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
Where theres a will, I want to be in it.
Those who get too big for their pants will be exposed in the end.
To write with a broken pencil is pointless.
To neigh or not to neigh, that is equestrian.
Vacuums suck, or they suck.
Why is no one ever the right amount of whelmed?
It's proving very difficult to find a shop selling, "Left Guard" for my other armpit.
Onions are like people, there are many layers to them and you cry when you chop them up.
You'll find research to confirm whatever you think.
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and Ive never looked back since.
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day, teach a man to fish and he will sit in a boat drinking beer all day.
Insult someone using braille so they really feel it.
Sending a message in braille is the best way to get in touch with someone.
Watermelon is pretty good, I prefer vodkamelon though
A regular silence had attempted to fill the room, saw that it was already occupied by the eerie silence and left in a way that silences are known to do, quietly.
I always dream of being a millionaire like my uncle!... He's dreaming too.
Alcohol is a perfect solvent: It dissolves marriages, families and careers.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
c17h21no4 isn't all it's cracked up to be.
A middle eastern witch should be called a sand witch.
Nearly had a fight with my army of Twitter followers and it got pretty intense up until they all retweeted.
So a dyslexic man walks into a bra.
I never finish my sente
Has anyone worked out what the missing letter in me_irl is yet?
If you want a better sex sensation raise your hand
sex that causes pregnancy is a 3-way
I've been studying the medieval Wufbaah family; their crest depicts a dog with a goat's horns.
My friend, Josh asked me what a sarcasm is? I said "fant4stic".
Raceway engineers believe that one good turn deserves another.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush; but either is preferable to three birds inside your anus.
Unprotected phone sex can give you Hearing Aids
The difference between a gay dude and a refrigerator is that the fridge doesn't fart when you pull the meat out of it.
You know you're at a gay barbecue when the wieners taste like shit.
You can circumcise a redneck by kicking his sister in the jaw.
"Righty tighty, lefty loosey" isn't a statement about females and politics.
When I die, I hope that my casket will be frowned upon.
Why can only one train go through the tunnel at a time? Because it's a one liner.
If you insist on only flying Delta airlines, you are a one airliner.
Ive given up asking rhetorical questions. Whats the point?
The new Xbox One X is a game changer.
To save water , I drink Vodka.
Our baby was screaming and I didn't know what to do, so my wife told me to remove the nappy; but I thought it really suited me.
I've heard a few women mention that they love to get gifts from men that take their breath away...I'm thinking treadmill
Whoever snuck the s in fast food is a clever person.
I'm an aspiring stand-up comedian and I feel successful already because I have a Jewish writer and my agent is a girl I used to sleep with, so I want to thank my Israeli dad and my mom for helping me.
I'm an aspiring stand-up comedian and I feel successful already because I have a Jewish writer and my agent is a girl I used to sleep with. So I want to thank my Israeli dad and my mom for helping me.
Throwing acid is wrong, in some people's eyes.
Edward Scissorhands will never win a game of rock, paper, scissors.
The worst part of being an insomniac is having to eat spiders while Im awake to maintain my yearly average.
I went to a pet shop and put a sign saying 'Chameleon' next to an empty cage...
Rumor has it that ISIS are training suicide monkeys and they're calling them, "Babooms."
I used to work for the company that made hydrants but I couldnt park anywhere near the place.
In 2015 PornHub tried to crowdfund a porn film in space, it never really took off.
I'd like to dedicate this next joke to my father who was a roofer, so, Dad, if you're up there....
The luminescent Pelican triggered an air defense alert of glow bill proportions.
Its okay password, Im insecure too.
A Freudian slip is when you say one thing and mean your mother.
I know its cheesy, but I feel grate.
Bonnie Tyler has released a DVD called How not to save free kicks. Its just totally clips of Joe Hart
Poop jokes aren't my favorite, but they're a solid number two.
I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it.
A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a beer and a mop.
When I see ads on TV with smiling, happy housewives using a new cleaning product, the only thing I want to buy are the meds they must be on.
I really enjoyed the circus this year, it was intense.
Receding hairlines give men long faces.
I feel like I am having Deja Vu again.
In music a 7th chord leaves you with a sense of incompleteness, like a set-up without a
These counter tops look nice, but they're linoleum - don't take them for granite
My grandma told me back in her days she barely had $10 but will go out of a grocery store with several bags worth of food. She said nowadays it's a bit tougher because CCTV's are everywhere.
I often think about the one that got away and wonder what would have happened if I had just splurged on the premium cage.
A goose grows up, while growing down.
This girl said she recognized me from the vegetarian club, but I'd never met herbivore.
My first job was working in an orange juice factory, but I got canned because I couldn't concentrate.
They told me I had type A blood, but it was a type O.
Every mirror is a rear-view mirror if you're a narcissist with a nice butt.
5/4 of people admit that theyre bad with fractions.
Want to hear a joke about paper? Nevermind it's tearable.
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already.
I'll go out of my way to avoid getting run over.
I know a thing or three about miscalculations.
I've got more political correctness in my middle finger than you have in your whole hand
I hate Russian dolls...so full of themselves.
I told my doctor that I broke my arm in two places. He told me to stop going to those places.
bored ... ??
I wouldn't be caught dead with a necrophiliac.
Im not saying youre a slut, but your spit would be accepted at a sperm bank.
My wife gets cranky from breast-feeding but lately she's really milking it.
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
I feel so lonely that I bought shares of stock today so I could have a bit of company
Run-on sentences, which is frequent in this subreddit, are often misused, that I even made one of them.
Carpentry ironic, when the whole time you think you are nailing it down but really you are screwing it up.
OK I am an asshole but the world needs assholes because the shit has to go somewhere.
Never Joke with a Kleptomaniac, They Will Take It, Literally.
Do some people like to single themselves out, or is it just me?
I don't know anyone that's a loner.
5/7ths of honesty is really sweet.
No place is ever a stones throw away if you dont have arms.
I inhaled ketchup today - I needed a sauce of inspiration.
Is it just me or does anybody else find pressing F5 refreshing?
I got an e-mail saying, 'At Google Earth, we can read maps backwards!' and I thought to myself, "That's just spam."
I've heard that reincarnation is making a comeback.
I used to see this girl across the street from me, but she closes her curtains now.
A teen tells his father he's gay. His father replies, through a smile and tears of joy, "Hi Gay, I'm dad."
I dont want to brag, but I speak pig Latin; I mean, Im not fluent, but Im sure if I ever went there, I could get by.
A lot of people cry when they cut onions, but the trick is not to form an emotional bond.
Porn is a hard addiction to beat.
A boomerang is like a frisbee for a really lonely guy.
I use to be addicted to soap, but now I'm clean
I have "still no idea" for the name of my dead blind elk.
The difference between sex swings and normal swings is you shouldn't have your dad push you.
Being married is saying you love someone so much you want to watch them die.
Marriage, because your shitty day doesnt have to end at work.
I don't trust trees, they're too shady.
Turtles stay in touch with their shell phones.
Chickens never cancel a lunch date because they don't mind a little fowl weather.
Sea horses don't run, they scallop.
An ape that works reception is a who-rang-utan.
The inventor of Lifesavers made a mint.
When a snail loses its shell, it becomes a little sluggish.
I almost had a psychic girlfriend, but she left me before we met.
I once bought some powdered water, but I didn't know what add to it.
Standing in the park today, wondering why a Frisbee appears larger the closer it gets, and then, it hits me.
My brother has both his legs cut off right under his knees. He calls himself Neil.
My sister has only one leg. She calls herself Eileen.
His speciality is scraping the bottom of the dating pool.
The difference between deer nuts and beer nuts is that beer nuts are a $1.75, but deer nuts are under a buck.
I always cry at weddings, especially my own.
(Holds hand level waist high) I've had it up to here with people calling me lazy.
My phone screen is brighter than my future.
The only dates I get these days are software updates.
I always celebrate Thanksgiving with a fast; meaning the faster I eat, the more food I get.
Letting the cat out of the bag is a whole lot easier than putting it back in.
Before I criticize someone I always walk a mile in their shoes, that way I'm a mile away and I have their shoes.
The gender neutral term for sugar daddy is glucose guardian
Want me to hook you up with a girl? She's a carrot, but don't worry. She's easy on the eyes.
A baker's life is a piece of cake.
Someone stole my prosthetic arm, I ended up finding it in a secondhand shop..
After my wife told me that she was cold for a 3rd time this morning, I told her to go stand in the corner because they are typically 90 degrees.
Thank God I'm an atheist.
Apparently, 3.5 out of 7 people over complicate things.
Maths problems, the only place where someone can buy 60 watermelons and no one wonders why.
Why are some of the jokes on here so bad timing?
I use a pumpkin patch to control my pumpkin addiction.
Cleaning a vacuum cleaner makes you a vacuum cleaner
Kevin Spacey's career has collapsed like a 'House of Cards'
I removed two keys from my keyboard in an experiment: the first was the test key, and the second was the control key
It takes big balls to play team sports.
What's the difference between men and pigs? Pigs don't turn into men when they drink.
I'm currently boycotting any company that sells items I can't afford.
I applied for a proofreading univeristy course.
The cobbler heeled me and saved my sole.
I noticed that old people smell really depends.
The last thing my father said before he kicked the bucket was, "Watch how far this goes!"
Money launderers are filthy rich!
Capitalization is important, it's the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse and helping your uncle jack off a horse.
Just bought a loaf of bread. Now I'm rolling in the dough.
How do you make a blonde laugh on Saturday? Tell her a joke on Wednesday!
Dow Corning just demonstrated their new, gigantic lens grinder, and it made a huge spectacle.
My dad told me to stop masturbating or I would go blind, and I said "Dad, I'm over here."
My dad told me to stop masturbating or I would go blind, and I said "Dad, I'm over here."
My sister wanted to learn how to drive a stick shift, but she couldn't find a manual.
No, Joni, you don't "Put up a Parking Lot", you "put down a parking lot".
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it's perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants, but he's still making fun of me.
Prayer: Don't give God instructions -- just report for duty!
Improve your memory by doing unforgettable things.
Is it just me or is there another way of saying 'Only I?
I still miss my ex, but my aim is getting better.
I slept like a baby
Paul Bunyan was a big, lumbering man.
Hash tags are really just octothorpisms.
The professor discovered that his theory of earthquakes was on shaky ground.
So everyone was staring at this guy with a steering wheel on his crotch then he said "It's driving me nuts!"
The astronaut I spoke to yesterday was really down to earth.
Probably the worst thing you can hear when youre wearing a bikini is Good for you!
When I was little, I wanted to be a secret agent, but when I realised how unrealistic that dream was, I decided to become an astronaut.
I live on the top floor of my building, and the lift insists on opening at every floor. It's just wrong on so many levels.
I accidentally dropped my autobiography into the shredder and now my life's in tatters.
I bought a book on the most influential Asian activists out there, but there was nothing inside.
A friend in debt is a friend in need
Retirement is the time in your life when time is no longer money.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
What did the blonde say when she found out she was pregnant? "Are you sure it's mine?"
The drunkest knight of the round table was Sir Rhosis.
Sometimes I like to use big words I don't understand to make myself sound more photosynthesis.
Catching fish in deep waters is eel-advised.
Never trust a dog to watch your food.
Thieves have muscles of steal.
Don once leaned on a printer cartridge to tone up his abs.
A pediatrician is a doctor of little patients.
My neurologist is testing my last nerve.
Bacteria are welcome backstage when they are staph.
I couldn't decide whether or not to make spiced apple cider, so I mulled it over.
I phoned the zoo but the lion was busy.
As I watched the dog chasing his tail, I thought, "Dogs are easily amused", then I realized I was watching the dog chasing his tail.
When people go underwater in movies, I hold my breath to see if I would have survived the situation- I almost died watching Finding Nemo.
The first time I got a universal remote control, I thought to myself, "This changes everything."
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way, so I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Several states were delighted by the solar eclipse.
I'm in great shape - round is a shape.
I DIDN'T invent Fog Remover just to clear the air.
I DIDN'T invent "Fog Vanish Spray" just to clear the clear.
I wanted to be a werewolf for Halloween, but it is too late noouuuuuuww!
I just asked my husband if he remembers what today is... Scaring men is easy.
Im reading a book on the history of glue  just cant put it down.
My poor knowledge of Greek mythology has always been my Achilles elbow.
To the man on crutches, dressed in camouflage, who stole my wallet - you can hide, but you can't run.
I made a time machine,but it has a glitch that makes it to take one second to take me one second in future
My dad said he cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think that he may have greater problem.
My dad couldnt quite remember how to throw a boomerang, but eventually it came back to him.
My builder kept hinting that he was going to replace my faulty driveway, but he wouldn't give me anything concrete.
Napoleon. Give him the French and he'll take the Nile.
So what if I cant spell Armageddon- Its not the end of the world!
My girlfriend and I often laugh about how competitive we are- but I laugh more
Some people just have a way with words, and some...um... not have way
My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban at the zoo.
There must be moths on their way to the sun right now, thinking "This is going to be totally worth it!"
When youve seen one shopping center youve seen a mall.
A grenade fell onto a kitchen floor in France and resulted in Linoleum Blownapart.
With her marriage she got a new name and a dress.
I wanted to make some butter in a short amount of time, but it took an echurnity.
I asked my friend a question while he was eating an orange, but all I got was a pithy response.
The only thing flat-earthers fear, is sphere itself.
I was fired from the keyboard factory today because I wasnt putting in enough shifts.
Being dyslexic in college really stinks, especially when you're in a fart.
/r/Oneliners Monthly Contest! (#8, November 2017)
A drowning lifeguard is a disappointment, just like me
Does Japanese Scooby-Doo call Shaggy, "Raggu?"
How do you jack off if you have a nut allergy?
No matter how nice of a person I try to be, part of me will always be a dick.
We all know Albert Einstein was a genius, but his brother Frank was a monster..
prASSident tRUMP is a BUM
I just asked my husband if he remembers what today is... scaring men is easy.
Police were called to a daycare where a three-year-old was resisting a rest.
It's not that the clown did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it.
So what if I don't know what apocalypse means, it's not the end of the world!
When William joined the army he disliked the phrase 'fire at will'.
There is a lengthy article on Japanese Sword Fighters, but I can Samurais it for you.
I don't trust stairs because they're always up to something.
Something about subtraction just doesn't add up.
I was hit in the head by a soda can, but I'll be okay, because it was a soft drink.
Not all couples go to the gym, because some relationships don't work out.
I would prefer tulips on an organ than roses on a piano.
"My mother was always pulling my leg, that's why one is six inches longer than the other."
I didn't used to like my beard, but it's growing on me.
I bought an album of Coldplays greatest hits and it was blank
What do you call a psychic midget who has escaped from prison? A small medium at large!
I have released a new washing detergent called sarcasm, it takes the piss out of your knickers.
Happy Frogs
If you can't tell the difference between a spoon and a ladle, then you're fat.
I'm so good at sleeping that I can do it with my eyes closed.
I just realized that the word "bed", looks like a bed...
Would a fly without wings be called a walk?
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with Guess on itso I said Implants?
My wife had her driver's test the other day. She got 8 out of 10. The other 2 guys jumped clear.
I rubbed my butt and a genie pooped out.
I tried to catch some fog, but I mist. Snow way that was going to happen.
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night...
When you say the word poop, your mouth moves the same way your anus does when you poop; same applies for explosive diarrhea.
After years in and out of prison, I've now settled down with a job repairing bent archery equipment, yep, I'm on the straighten arrow...
If a mime locked himself in a greenhouse, would anybody know he needed help?
I wasnt originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
Your face looks like it caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with an ice pick
A lottery is just a tax on people who can't use mathematics to calculate the probabilities of winning.
A bicycle cant stand alone; it is two tired.
When the smog lifts in Los Angeles , U. C. L. A.
My lawn is never short on grass, because my gardener is a cut above the rest.
My washing machine broke down this morning, but I didn't get too agitated.
Once I was fired as a referee for being a whistle blower.
If I had a buck for every math exam I failed, I dunno how much Id have.
For Christmas last year I got a sweater, this year I would prefer a moaner or a squirter.
The cashier asked if I wanted to donate to help homeless kids in Africa, but I told her there was no need because I already gave them a "Like" on Facebook.
I bought one of those tapes to teach you Spanish in your sleep. During the night, the tape skipped. Now I can only stutter in Spanish.
I had anal with my gf last week, it mad my whole day and it made her hole weak.
My girlfriend loves my d inner.
What do you call a transgender person with a child? Transparent
You know the law firm Bend, Twist, and Stretch? They had to fire Contort because she was too scared to get the firm sued.
If I had a nickel for every time I lost a nickel.
My friends told me I spend too much time playing online video games and need a social life, so instead we went out for dinner and stared at our phones for forty-five minutes.
A baby born underwater could live the rest of it's life underwater
"you should've told me she was into Wall Street business before I broker."
CCCCCCCAAAANNNNNNCCCCAAAAAAIIIIIIIDDDDDSSSSSS
Children in the back seats of cars cause accidents, but accidents in the back seats of cars cause children.
Kevin got too close. He was not Spacey enough.
When I was offered a supporting role in a gay porno, I had to take the part.
Next time you are late because you were pooping...Just say "Sorry, I had a buttload of shit to take care of..." It's both vague enough and highly accurate.
If you go to sleep with a itching ass you will wake up with a stinking finger
A hard thing about a business is minding your own.
I started a business selling planes without engines, but it hasn't taken off
How do you tell when you run out of invisible ink?
I almost had a psychic girlfriend but she left me before we met.
My friend Thomas asked me if I celebrated Halloween, I said "I'm not a fan Tom!"
The roundest knight at King Arthurs round table was Sir Cumference.
Women are like bars- liquor in the front, poker in the back.
A dentist and a manicurist fought tooth and nail.
A chicken crossing the road: poultry in motion.
My son got a cheap circumcision-it was such a rip-off.
Im not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone
I like my women like my cigars- 7 years old and smuggled in a burlap sack from Cuba
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station...
I hired an asian prostitute the other day, her name was Wong Thong Fu
If you can't face the problem, then the problem is your face.
I was double fisting in a second hand store.
My girlfriend is like a fine wine - kept in the cellar on a rack.
Feeling pumpkin-like: scary on the outside, empty on the inside, and overall an abomination in the eyes of God
Scientists have created a flea from scratch.
To heir is human.
Some clock makers are normal, but others are a little cuckoo.
I didn't used to like duct-tape at first, but then I became very attached to it.
If you wish to be big don't belittle.
My pants got ripped earlier and I'm still torn up about it.
I saw some running shoes the last time I took acid.
I once had to be the one to tell my grandfather, "Grampa, you've had a stroke, but now I need you to take your hand out of my pants."
Why did Carley Simon write a song about a guy who's vain for thinking the song is about him?
.... that feeling you get when you tell a joke and punch up the messline.
Theres no such thing as addiction, theres only things that you enjoy doing more than life.
MAGA stands for Many Are Getting Arrested.
Dark humor is kind of like food, not everyone gets it.
My jack-o-lantern really needs to lighten up.
I think its wrong that only one company makes the game Monopoly!
People are making end of the world jokes like there is no tomorrow.
The guy who fell onto an upholstery machine was fully recovered.
I grew attached to my umbilical cord.
The guy who invented the door knocker should get the No Bell Prize.
When the doctor told me why I was fat I was sick to my stomachs.
I for one like Roman numerals
Sometimes I randomly fall asleep on my keyboard mid sentfgjhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
I hate it when people randomly use long words to sound more oxyhaemoglobins.
There's no "I" in "Liar"
A backward poet writes inverse.
Send nudes, not nukes.
I blame my parents for my inability to take responsibility for my shortcomings.
My Indian Friend gave away a lot of oranges on her wedding day, It was indeed a 'Orange' marriage
My pet goose didnt like the cotton pillow I have him, so he turned it down.
One week into my experimental helium-induced stress management, and I've already significantly lightened up!
Girl you're like a car accident, cause I just can't look away.
A liberal is just a conservative that hasn't been mugged yet.
Someone threw cheese at me. It wasn't very mature.
If you want to live in Eastern Canada, it's beyond ME.
Eastern Canada is beyond ME.
My teacher once told me to write a 1000 word essay so I drew picture instead.
I started smoking pot to find myself, then ended up forgetting who I was.
After seeing Michelangelo's "David" I realized the best way to tell women you have a small penis is to just say you're chiseled.
I justify staying in bed by saying it makes me smarter like a Greek philosopher because: 1. I'm wrapped in sheets, and 2. I don't get up because I'm like "Why?".
I'm so lazy that when life hands me lemons, I just learn to like lemons.
Why do I still have baby fat? I stopped eating babies years ago.
Coffee is not my cup of tea.
In high school I ate lunch alone. That's how I knew I was an addict.
Do blind people think they're invisible?
I can handle young deer with either hand, as I'm Bambidextrous.
French fries couldn't have been created in Paris, because they were cooked in Greece.
Good artists borrow. Great artists steal. You know who said that? Me.
Everyone went on and on about how good the play was, but I think the whole thing was staged.
Fall is great if you like food that tastes like candles.
I don't know what to wear to my premature ejaculation society meeting, so I just came in my pants.
My dream job is to work for a manufacturer of lamps because of the light workload.
My dad is a responsible golfer. No matter how many clubs he hits, he always brings a designated driver.
I couldn't remember how to throw a boomerang, but it came back to me.
Knowing sign language is pretty damn handy!
Using the elevator was uplifting at first, but then it let me down.
I should have been sad when my flashlight batteries died, but I was delighted.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but two wrights did make an airplane.
The professor discovered that his theory of earthquakes was on shaky ground.
The professor discovered that his theory of earthquakes was on shaky ground.
A thief who stole a calendar got twelve months.
You could stand to lose 5 pounds......but running is more effective.
You could stand to lose 5 pounds, but running a better way to do it.
I didn't realize it was time to wake up, until it dawned on me.
My psychiatrist said I was pre-occupied with the vengeance I told him "oh yeah we'll see about that!"
My girlfriend is like a plunger, always bringing up old shit!
Fruit flavoured gummy candy fills me with jujubilation!
As punishment for my crimes, I am serving a suspended sentence and also
Some people say "the more things change, the more they stay the same." but I say "the more things change, the more they stay the same."
How babies learn to walk is staggering.
Why don't sprinklers use sprinkles?
Never hit a man with glasses, hit him with a baseball bat.
Whenever I fill out an application, in the part that says If an emergency, notify: I put DOCTOR; Whats my mother going to do?
My wife called me a wimp. I almost said something.
Some people are like plungers, always bringing up old shit.
Meh. Vegetables which fall from space are only mediokra
Triangles are A-holes.
I was trying not to wake anyone up the other night, so I put some French pancakes on my feet and crepd up the stairs.
I lost my job as a stage designer and I left without making a scene.
A couple years ago my therapist told me I had problems letting go of the past.
Be nice to toilets. The amount of shit they have to deal with everyday makes them stressed enough.
Just went to the restaurant Galaxy Buffet, and I must say a meteor and more expansive selection of food I've never seen!
A doctor tells a woman she can no longer touch anything alcoholic. So she gets a divorce.
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and Ive never looked back since.
Inspecting mirrors is a job I could really see myself doing.
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day, teach a man to fish and he will sit in a boat drinking beer all day.
I had a joke about time travel, but you guys didnt like it.
Ive got a friend whos fallen in love with two school bags  hes bi-satchel.
"What a bunch of spilled milk" I cried over to my buddy.
Don't you hate cliffhangers
No one knew my grandma had a dental implant until it came out in a conversation.
Some people get married only for the matri-money.
When I die, I want to go out like my grandfather; peacefully and quietly in his sleep. Not screaming and panicking like the other people in the car.
WHYLIVE
Mothers everywhere want their children to give peas a chance.
Claustrophobic people are more productive thinking outside the box.
Surgeons often have to have an open heart and an open mind.
The one thing that is constant is change, especially if you are a cashier.
I asked my North Korean friend how it was there, he said he couldn't complain.
Italians know how to espresso themselves.
To termites, a group of dead trees is an arbor eat'um.
The number 10210 is too intense.
My Viagra addiction was the hardest time of my life.
I went to the local Kleptomaniacs Anonymous meeting, but all the seats were taken.
Moses was the first person to use Control-C as a shortcut.
Decimals have a point.
A rule of grammar: double negatives are a no-no.
When I bought some fruit trees, the nursery owner gave me some insects to help with the pollination - they were free bees.
A journey under a thousand miles begins with a single stop.
A seal has a ball at the circus.
I'm reading a book about mazes, I got lost in it.
@women: If its too cold, get back in the kitchen.
My dog ate my reading homework, now I have to look for context poos.
You will spend 1/7th of your life on a Tuesday.
A boiled egg is hard to beat
Sometimes I go to Walmart just to feel pretty.
I like what mechanics wear... Overall
Hear about the guy who lost his whole left side in an accident? Don't worry... he's.. ALL RIGHT now.
I usually meet my husband at 12:59 because I like that one-to-one time.
I'm a huge fan of Norse mythology, but don't tell anyone because I like to keep it Loki.
I needed a password eight characters long, so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarves.
My fear of planes has taken off.
When you're wearing a watch on an airplane, time flies.
Some planes are so cramped that passengers suffer from jet leg.
The cost of the space program is astronomical.
An astronaut broke the law of gravity and got a suspended sentence.
I've heard that the airplane industry is really taking off and reaching new heights.
The airlines have become so cash-strapped, they charged me for my emotional baggage.
This just in: Colonel Sanders releases his sex tape entitled: Finger Licking Good!
Sex is like Christmas - I get excited way too early.
I wrote a mystery novel; Spoiler alert: It's not really my genre.
I said to my friend, "Let's take turns naming American vice-presidents, Al Gore first."
My dear old grandmother always used to say the way to a man's heart was through his stomach, which is why she lost her job as a cardiac surgeon.
I'm in a rush to get home because my wife's lost her voice and I don't want to miss it.
My ex wife used to nag me to do the gardening, eventually I had to put that hoe in the ground.
Trump should slow down, for over a year he's been rushin'
I'm surprised so many restaurants serve coke when it's illegal
When she saw her first strands of gray hair, she thought she'd dye.
I just want to have abs...olutely more beer!
While I was shaving off the hairs around my nipple I accidentally sliced off the tip.
My wife accused me of being immature... I told her to get out of my fort
People are dying to get into this new cemetery near me.
A genius would have put Kevin Bacon in Grease.
If a dwarf smokes weed does he get medium?
With a heavy heart, I told my wife that I have too much iron in my blood.
My friend wants to be a part of the entertainment industry, but he has face made for radio and a voice made for newsprint.
1+1=3 if you forget the condom
I got a small ticket for speeding, but it's fine with me.
Obituaries of those hanged in the old west used to be posted in the noose paper.
They won't know who robbed the Scotch factory until they check the tape.
Weight loss pills stolen this morning - police say suspects are still at large.
Last night I dreamt of a babbling brook in a stream of unconsciousness.
Beginner vampires go to batting practice.
People who cry a lot have a wail of a time.
Body language is self explanatory.
The cardiovascular system is a work of artery, but is also really vein.
In my town, the cemetery is the dead center.
Why is there a thing called a grapefruit, when there's a fruit called a grape?
Alcohol is a perfect solvent: It dissolves marriages, families and careers.
Kristen rescued me from an accident, so I guess I was saved by the Bell.
The soldier who survived mustard gas and pepper spray is now a seasoned veteran.
A rubber band pistol was confiscated from algebra class because it was a weapon of math disruption
A plateau is a high form of flattery
I have a bone to pick with museum curators.
If you put your finger in your ear and scratch, it sounds just like Pac-Man.
The word "Fat" just looks like someone took a bite out of the first letter of the word "Eat".
We will never hear about the truly perfect crime.
Mars is populated entirely by robots
The only time the word "incorrectly" isnt spelled incorrectly is when its spelled incorrectly.
Maybe oxygen is slowly killing you and it just takes 75-100 years to fully work.
I've been exercising using dictionaries, and I'm finally starting to see some definition.
Seafood
That one word which is always spelled correctly in all the dictionaries in the world
Nowadays there's no more nostalgic people like in the good old times.
People who serve weak tea should be given a restraining order.
Santa's helpers are subordinate clauses.
Maturing
Two silk worms had a race. They ended up in a tie.
He had a photographic memory which was never developed
He broke into song because he couldn't find the key.
Dehydration is not something to cry about.
Orphans have trouble playing baseball because they don't know where home is.
If poison expires, is it more poisonous or is it no longer poisonous?
My buddy moved to North Korea a couple months ago, says he can't complain.
I wondered why the baseball kept getting bigger. Then it hit me.
Im surprised that so many restaurants serve coke when it is illegal
The short fortuneteller who escaped from prison: a small medium at large
I had the blues for awhile when my friend asked me to keep his stash of viagra.
A calendar's days are numbered
The person who killed Hitler was hero
I found a romance advice app, so now I can learn how to please my girlfriend with the touch of a button.
I was going to go on a date with a guy in a wheelchair,
I just wrote this awesome song about tortillas; actually, its more of a rap.
War does not determine who is right, only who is left.
The best way to get a skeleton is with a rib-cage.
Using a prism allows me to see the sun in a different light.
Geometry shapes my life.
I planned to find my watch today, but I didn't have the time.
My body has always been a prison, it is even made of cells.
I have a flare for car accidents.
ATMs are pressed for cash.
Since I've quit soccer, I've lost my goal in life.
Banana to vibrator: "The hell you shaking for, she's gonna eat me!"
I've got hereditary diarrhea, it's in my jeans.
My idea for a hovercraft robot vacuum cleaner never really took off.
My career counselor suggested I fix broken mirrors for a living, but I can't really see myself doing that.
If A-B-C-D didnt drag out their part of the Alphabet song, LMNOP wouldnt have to be so rushed.
A will is a dead giveaway
I wanted to date some girls with scurvy so I hit them with my pickup limes
I was going to give him a nasty look, but he already had one.
This happens because shit happens
No matter how much you push the envelope, it's still going to be stationery.
I met a nice girl today, she had a deep throaty, genuine laugh, like that sound a dog makes just before it throws up.
The grenade industry is booming.
When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down.
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
For Halloween we dressed up as almonds. Everyone could tell we were nuts.
Moses had the first tablet that could connect to the cloud.
Thanks for explaining the word "many" to me, it means a lot.
If my wife made a dollar for every sexist joke I make, she'd be $0.77 richer right now.
Some pronounce it as gif, others say gif but the correct way is actually gif
She left me for a woman, so I decided to let bi-gones be bygones.
What did one bitcoin say to the other?
I've just got back from the porn awards, they are just like any other award ceremony, only the red carpet is shaved.
My new dissertation thesis and title: "Lifetime TV: Why 'Women's Television' has set American Women's Suffrage Back 100 Years."
Halloween is the night of whores
Its quite ironic that 'strap on', backwards, spells 'no parts'.
Turn a regular sofa into a sofa bed by simply forgetting your wifes birthday.
I don't see color, that's why I have so many black friends.
Pre-schoolers are like black holes, because they draw in everything around them.
I typically avoid conversations with robots, they just drone on.
A train uses engineers to hear.
My cell phone was sprayed by a skunk and now the service stinks.
Vandals destroyed many road signs in my neighborhood - they really pulled out all the stops.
Inside a hot dog factory you never sausage a sight before.
I thought I packed a memory card for my camera, but I forgot to.
Last night the bedroom was cold, so I laid down next to the wood-stove and slept like a log.
A skier retires when he starts going downhill.
The price of chess sets has gone up across-the-board.
Successful pianists know the key to success.
Police can do a search if it's warranted.
I love you mower today than yesterday, but not as mulch as tomorrow.
Santa came down with the flue.
I wrote a song about a tortilla. Well actually, its more of a wrap.
I asked my North Korean friend how it was there, he said he couldn't complain.
I was born to be a pessimist. My blood type is B Negative.
An experienced carpenter really nails it, but a new guy screws everything up.
You can't spell subtext without buttsex.
I'm thinking of reasons to move to Switzerland, and the flag is a big plus.
I am a vegan, not because I love animals, but because I hate plants.
I mailed you a penny, but I'm not sure if it was cent
The teacher told us that she needs aids, and asked if anyone would volunteer
2 guys walk into a bar, and the 3rd one ducks.
Even God wanted a Jewish writer.
If it's my cake, why can't I eat it too?
I'm not a grower, I'm a shower....but only in the shower
I may not be a grower, but i'm a shower...but only in the shower
"Remember, Jacket off before the pictures." - said wife to my kid going to school for picture day
A pussy is like the weather. When its wet, its time to go inside.
Don't you hate it when someone answers their own questions? I do....
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day.
Being a hypochondriac is going to save my life one of these days
War isn't about who's right, its about who's left.
I fully support bacteria since they're the only culture some people have.
My family tree is a cactus, it's full of pricks.
I bet the ocean is salty because no one waves back.
To this day, the boy that used to bully me at school still takes my lunch money. On the plus side, he makes great Subway sandwiches.
My penis was briefly in The Guinness Book of World Records, until I was caught by the librarian.
RIP boiling water, you will be mist.
Please explain the word "many", it would mean a lot to me.
Why is it called dad-bod, not father-figure?
Do you have things? Are do they have you?
I asked a librarian if they had anybooks to help my indecisiveness and she said, "I'm not sure, should I check?"
"Minnows itches and I have no fin to scratch it," said the Eel
Tickling is no laughing matter.
Ya like jazz
I just found a note with the words Dial-a-Party and a phone number. I believe this calls for a celebration!
/r/Oneliners Halloween-edition CSS!
I sold my roof for free today. I guess you could say it was on the house.
My relationship with my chauffeur isn't going any where, it just feels like he's always trying to drive me away.
An elevator makes ghosts happy because it lifts the spirits.
Equifax, more like Equifukt!
Work was better today... better than no work.
I was going to make a joke about burnt toast, but it's overdone.
Isaac Newton died a virgin, which means I have one up on one of the greatest minds ever. I'm not dead.
Wearing New Balance is like getting head from a woman with no teeth... it doesn't look that great but it feels wondeful
This week, North Korea warned the US of an unimaginable blow. Confused by these words, Trump recruited an expert in blows: Bill Clinton.
Existential angst is una-void-able.
When you have lost your home, and can't see an end. You know you have lost control, so it is time to buy that new keyboard.
Give me an alternative or give me something else!
Occasionally, a true friend gives his paw not his hand...
I know milk does a body good, but damn girl, how much have you been drinking?
They should build the wall with Hillary's emails because nobody can get over them.
How do you get a blonde to marry you? Tell her she's pregnant.
I'm not dumb, I just have a lot of blonde moments.
Letting the cat out of the bag is a whole lot easier than putting it back in.
I just got my new job as a postman. I am so pleased, because if I didn't get it, I would be walking the streets for the rest of my life.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
The best mathematical equation I have ever seen: 1 cross + 3 nails= 4 given.
It is easier to preach ten sermons than it is to live one.
In the sentence of life, the devil may be a comma - but never let him be the period.
What do Donald Trump and strippers have in common? They both slide down polls.
And in her smile I see something more beautiful than the stars.
I should have some oneliner that might be interesting but i dont think it will fit in the title yo whats the limit in this thinglafaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
My cat is recovering from a massive stroke.
Every year, hundreds of kids are shipped off to mime school, never to be heard from again.
For all the good these suppositories are doing I might as well shove them up my ass
When a male sheep breaks down your door, he's a battering ram
Stealing $1,000 is grand theft
Many people have accused me of plagiarism, but those are their words not mine.
Anal sex is where shits at
Remember, amateurs built the ark, but professionals built the Titanic.
Puns about communism aren't funny unless everyone gets them
Stop it with the gay jokes, come on guys!
Just because nobody complains doesn't mean all parachutes are perfect.
Gambling addiction hotlines would do so much better if every fifth caller was a winner.
Alcohol is a perfect solvent: It dissolves marriages, families and careers.
A liberal is just a conservative that hasn't been mugged yet.
I used to do drugs; I still do, but I used to also.
If you are cold just stand in the corner, I heard they are usually 90 degrees
what do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe? Roberto
Bad masseuses really rub me the wrong way.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do
It sure is nice out... I think I'll leave it out.
Jokes about white sugar are rare. Jokes about brown sugar, Demerara.....
Is a deaf amputee considered a mute?
When push comes to shove I discharge my firearm.
Running in front of a car is tiring, but running behind a car is exhausting.
The belief that communism is good should not be shared.
Two goldfish in a tank, and one says "Don't look at me, I never said I could drive".
Fish
I have a very fashionable friend, she told me every full moon she likes to wear wolf.
Never let me slip, because if I slip, then....bae may catch me slipping.
I'd agree with you but then we'd both be wrong.
There's two types of people I stick up for: feminists and sexy women.
I think I've found out what life is, it is foreplay for Necrophiliacs.
Hey, if you want to get Beauty and the Beast songs stuck in your head, then be my guest
A multiple choice statistics test.
White boards are remarkable.
I love having options to play in Scrabble because it's worth at least 59 points.
I'm so bright, my parents call me son.
I went to the drive-thru pharmacy and ordered a bottle of Ex-Lax, to go.
I thought I was wrong once, but I was mistaken.
Saw a guy at ComicCon dressed as a squire, he was there for one knight only.
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and Ive never looked back since.
Someone just stole my mood ring and Im not sure how to feel about that.
Gotta fail big, because if you fail small, you've already failed at failing.
I'm sponsoring a charity for people who are having trouble reaching an orgasm. If you can't come let me know.
What's the difference between men and pigs? Pigs don't turn into men when they drink.
Moses had the first tablet that could connect to the cloud.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
I'm reluctant to visit a grammar clinic because the doctor may examine my colon.
My office will not tolerate redundancy in my office.
If I refuse to nap, is that resisting a rest?
I write slow because I know some people are not fast readers.
Most accidents occur 10 miles from your home, so I moved.
Did you hear about the new STD currently infecting opera singers - "Gone Aria"
I'm heartening my arteries by eschewing junk food
I always use butter, because there is no margarine for error.
Jury duty is not for the peerless
Digital technology beats manual dexterity, hands down
A trophy wife is a booby prize
My reflection hacked a bunch of phlegm at me; talk about a spitting image.
I bought some batteries, but they werent included.
Dont sweat the petty things, and dont pet the sweaty things.
I thought buying five sheep was enough to make a sweater, but it turns out that they can't knit.
I finally have a date for Valentine's Day - February 14th.
I tried to get down from an elephant, but apparently you can only get it from some birds.
t now! I want more time traveling oneliners righ
I can't sit still because it is a roaming numeral.
I renamed my iPod The Titanic, so when I plug it in, it says, The Titanic is syncing.
Bad Baby and Good Baby Mcdonals HAPPY MEAL vs SURPRISE MEAL! Funny Kids
A hipster drowned when he was thrown in the mainstream.
Your average thing is manufactured in a satisfactory.
A farmer counted 196 cows in his field, but when he rounded them up, he had 200.
I work out religiouslyChristmas and Easter.
Theres no I in denial.
The only exercise I do are diddly-squats.
If I wanted a damn fool elected, I would have voted for myself.
A man in underwear lead police on a brief chase.
those who forget the pasta are condemned to repeat their trip to the shops
I poured my root beer into a square glass, now I just have beer!
If America changed from pounds to kilograms overnight, would it create mass confusion?
I don't usually tell my dad jokes, but when I do he laughs.
Shoes provide soles for your feet.
I wonder what he's thinking...
A dyslexic man walks into a bra
A woman walked into a bar and ordered a double entendre, so the bartender gave it to her.
I would tell you that my vacuum sucks, but it doesnt.
We are neck deep up shit creek with our mouths wide open
The inventor of the anagram has died...may he "erect a penis."
My Dad used to say 'always fight fire with fire', which is probably why he got thrown out of the fire brigade.
I ate at a restaurant called Karma even though it had no menus, because we just ate what we deserved.
Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like a banana. -Many people before me
Anyone who likes Minecraft must be a blockhead.
I tried drag racing the other day, but it's really hard trying to run in those heels.
I said to my friend, "Let's take turns naming American vice-presidents, Al Gore first."
You haven't been yourself lately. We've all noticed the improvement.
A feeding tube is the final straw for a lot of relationships.
I was offered a job at the broken mirror repository, but I couldn't really see myself working there.
Standing in the park, I was wondering why a frisbee looks larger the closer it gets... then it hit me
Some men view marriage as a matter of wife and debt.
I can't remember the Alzheimer's pills name but it is on the tip of my tongue.
I couldnt quite remember how to throw a boomerang, but eventually it came back to me.
When entering a funeral home, remember to stay alert and always look alive!
My friend had amnesia and couldnt remember how to walk up the stairs, so I had to go back and teach him step by step.
I cant remember ever getting nits as a kid, although I do have a lousy memory.
After a weathermen was in a horrible accident breaking both arms and legs, he had to call from the hospital about the four casts.
My horse has fallen and he can't giddy-up.
If the customer is always right, then why isnt everything free?
I walked into a door today, loved it.
To quit smoking, I only smoke after every meal. I am down to 40 meals a day.
A horse is a very stable animal.
When you get a bladder infection, urine trouble!
I told my son to put down the toilet seat, so he walked over to it and said, "You stink!"
I know it's cheesy, but I feel grate!
I bought a berry nice hat - it looks grape!
Don't take life too seriously, you won't get out alive.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
I have a fear of speed bumps, but I'm slowly getting over it.
After inviting my date to the gym and not going, I wonder if she realized that we weren't working out.
Technically, we are all half centaur.
The exchange rate is crazy, even the Canadian dollar is a little loonie.
I'm counting on you fingers!
Of quartz I love geology!
My teacher threw sodium chloride at me ... that's a salt.
Parking a car doesn't need much space, but parking 200 cars...that needs a lot.
I have been reading the thesaurus lately, because the mind is a terrible thing to garbage.
The waist is a terrible thing to mind.
"No matter what," said pure energy.
I won't let my cattle have a playground any more because I got tired of their mooed swings.
You're never too far from a tree shop - they have branches everywhere.
The best way to avoid being cornered is to remain only in cyclic rooms
I love the daily smell of brand new car at five in the morning, they are starting to get mad at me at the car dealership.
Never leave a job unfinished, especially if you're in the porn industry.
A doctor tells a woman she can no longer touch anything alcoholic. So she gets a divorce.
reddit
Every time I fall in love and break up I end up in the hospital
96% of women close their eyes when kissing, which can make it so much more difficult to identify a rapist.
My brother went to France to become a mime last year. We haven't heard from him since.
I wish it was possible to edit titties
I finally found the courage to tell my little sister that I'm into incest. She took it pretty hard.
Two chaps dressed in armour walk into a hotel lobby and one says, "A room for two knights please."
When Peter Pan introduced me to the Captain, he really hooked me up.
Yoonla world's Best cpa affiliate marketing platform!!
What's black on top , and white on the bottom ?
I did some odd jobs around the house today, like vacuuming the ceiling and painting the oven.
I hate when people use foreign phrases to sound cool, but whatever ... Que sera, sera.
I hate when people use foreign phrases to sound cool, but whatever, "Que sera, sera."
Getting a windmill working is a breeze.
Learning homonyms is a reel waist of thyme.
If you cook with butter there is no margarine for error.
If you wear cowboy clothes are you ranch dressing?
Beer makes me hoppy.
The popularity of glass coffins remains to be seen.
When I was younger I felt like a man trapped inside a woman's body. Then I was born...
Today I had a cup of reality and it was hard to swallow.
English is important, but math is importanter.
For Halloween, I can be your boyfriend.
I used to play the triangle in a reggae band, you know, just stand at the back and ting.
I went to a dog wedding where the bride was led down the aisle by her paw.
Went to a dog wedding where the bride was led down the isle by her paw.
Why didnt Noah swat those two mosquitoes?
You can't possibly drink alone; even your glass gets drunk with you.
The difference between a thief and a peeping tom is that a thief snatches watches.
A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.
Baldness...I am not losing my hair, I'm getting more head.
This fake ID looks good on paper...
Welcome to fightclub you may now kiss the bride.
Death by diarrhea is a shitty way to die.
Dr Frankenstein entered a bodybuilding competition and discovered that he had seriously misunderstood the objective.
As a mechanic, I understand cars; planes are way over my head.
Time flies like an arrow but fruit flies like a banana
Rajini Quote:"Greedy man+stubborn woman=Heartache"
This Is Russia Baby
I saw a sign that said "watch for children" and thought that sounded like a fair trade.
I tried to warn him that the Big Ben tower was falling, but then he got clocked.
I jumbled up my oneliners and now I have an innersole.
I once owned a horny toad that said, "Rubbit".
Thanks for explaining the word "many" to me, it means a lot.
Losing a wife can be difficult, in my case it was almost impossible.
When you want to marry a beautiful, a smart and a rich woman  marry three times.
I have no life and I can prove it mathematically.
Last night I got cold, so I sat in the coroner where it is always 90 degrees.
Math oneliners are a sine of madness.
I see you have graph paper, you must be plotting something.
You have to be odd to be number one.
I'll do algebra, I'll do trig, I'll even do statistics, but graphing is where I draw the line.
I think I lost an electron, in fact, I'm positive.
Broken pencils are pointless.
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
So a feminist walks out of a hardware store pissed off because all they have is mail boxes
If I was a rapper I would go by Empty,
Relationship status - table for one but drinks for two.
How can you tell when a woman is about to say something smart? When she starts a sentence with "a man once told me".
If you see me with a water bottle, there's probably vodka in it.
How to disable autocorrect in wife?
I'll never forget my grandpa's final words, "stop shaking the ladder you cunt."
My gay midget brother finally came out of the cupboard today
I used to breed rabbits. Then I realized they can handle it themselves.
I've got a new anorexic girlfriend. It's not going too well though. I'm just seeing less and less of her...
One thing that princess Diana and the Tour de France have in common is that they both end in Paris.
Setting up a house of cards is difficult, but knocking it down is a breeze.
I wont be shaving this November, in order to raise awareness for how lazy I am.
On a scale of North Korea to America, how free are you tonight?
The more say SpaceX, the more youll want it
Crime in multi-storey car parks. That is wrong on so many different levels.
Massive meteor strikes New York City as meteors everywhere demand higher wages
Maybe plants are farming us, giving us oxygen until we decompose and they can eat us
If you got your mouth stuck in a mouse trap, youd start calling it mouth trap.
My buddy used to date a cross-eyed girl until he found out she was seeing someone on the side.
Red, White and Blue
PMS jokes are not funny or appropriate. Period!
I got home quite late night, and I really didn't want to wake my girlfreind up so I put some French pancakes on my feet and Crped up the stairs....
I love whiteboards, they're remarkable!
The only thing flat-earthers fear, is sphere itself!
I've grown to hate low ceilings.
Think about it - every single corpse on Mt. Everest was once a highly motivated person. .
Is Ivanka Trump a Jew d'Orange?
My friend Morgan is not bound to anyone or anything. Morgan Freeman.
Im thinking about moving to Switzerland, so I made a list of pros and cons. First on my pros list was the flag, cause its a big plus.
Having used his webs to stick the criminals feet to the ground, Spider-Man informed the police and left the scene. "Well," said the criminal, "I'm a sitting duck"
I hate it when people get simple sayings wrong. I mean it's not rocket surgery.
Incest puns are really coming into their own.
I didn't see you at camo camp last week.
I was offered a job of dressing up as a monkey to advertise my local zoo, but I turned it down because it paid peanuts.
I wasoffered a job of dressing up as a monkey to advertise my local zoo, but I turned it down because it paid peanuts.
I lost my welcome matt,
I've got a friend with one eye bigger than the other; his name's Iain.
What's Epistemophobia?
I'd be pretty darn cool if I weren't so cocky yet self critical
I have a really sweet tooth, it always tells me nice things.
Rene Descartes went into a bar and ordered a beer. When he finished the bartender asked "Would you like another?" Descartes replied "I think not." And he disappeared!
After dumping his girlfriend, a cannibal wipes his butt.
I wish everything was as easy as getting fat.
This Halloween I'm going dressed as a ghost... to the bar... to get boos.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
When a devout catholic girl gets spanked, she turns the other cheek.
My favorite Greek proverb:        .
Does a man with three ears have extra sensory perception?
My father was a man of few words; he used to say to me, "Son..."
If you took all the veins from your body and placed them end to end..
I wonder if German Reddit users call someone's cake day their 'gluten tag'
Did you know August has the highest percentage of births.
Did you know 11% of people are left handed
Awkward silences make me come.... Ahhhhhh
I for one, like Roman numerals.
I've spent the last four years looking for my ex-girlfriend's killer, but no-one will do it.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way so I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
When my ship comes in it will be on dry land.
With the rise of self-driving vehicles, its only a matter of time before we get a country song where a guys truck leaves him too.
Atheism is a non-prophet organisation.
Damn my strict finger and its rule of thumb. 
My girlfriend told me to go out and get something that makes her look sexy so I got drunk.
I never wanted to believe that my Dad was stealing from his job as a road worker; but when I got home, all the signs were there.
Whenever I find the key to success, someone changes the lock.
When everythings coming your way, youre in the wrong lane.
I stepped on a grape and it let out a little wine.
Being patient takes too long
Legend has It, so finally children of Derry can breathe easy.
I`m worried about the flu, `cause ash is all fall down.
I`m not worried about the swineflu, `cause I have oinkment.
I`m not worried about the bird flu, `cause it`s tweetable.
All complaints must be submitted in writing up your ass.
My credit is so bad they won't even take my cash.
If everything is coming your way, then you're in the wrong lane
I can handle pain until it hurts
If you don't like the news, go out and make some
Don't steal. The government hates competition
Be nice to your kids They'll choose your nursing home
There are three kinds of people: Those who can count and those who can't
Consciousness: That annoying time between naps
I don't suffer from insanity; I enjoy every minute of it
Never tell your wife shes lousy in bed. She'll go out and get a second opinion.
I was so cold the other day, I almost got married.
A good wife always forgives her husband when she's wrong.
In my house I'm the boss. My wife is just the decision maker.
A Christmas thought: STRESSED is just DESSERTS spelled backward.
What do monkeys sing at Christmas? Jungle Bells, Jungle bells
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work. I want to achieve it through not dying
Its not that Im afraid to die, I just don't want to be there when it happens.
Growing up in a, boys home, the only sport we played was, Butt Darts. A real pain in the a$$.
You know what really grinds my wheels?
How to use garlic in your magic act: Start by crushing it, adding some basil and pine nuts, and then blend them with some parmesan and olive oil and, hey, pesto!
I know someone who has a dog that keeps eating garlic. His bark is worse than his bite
I told Einstein he was smart and he said, "Tell me something I don't know."
How did the hipster burn his mouth? He ate garlic bread before it was cool.
Did you know, that 100% of smokers die?
We get it, poets: Things are like other things.
By the time you read this, you have already read it.
You`re freaking meow.
I`ve been cutting my carbs lately...with a pizza cutter.
I`m so poor, I can`t even pay attention.
You never know what you have until you clean your room.
I was going to spread a rumor - butter not.
My neighbors`s teeth are so yellow, I can`t believe it`s not butter.
If you get married, trust me, the fucking you get ain't worth the fucking you get.
The only web developers that enjoy finding bugs are spiders.
I got fired from the morgue when I was caught with my cookie in the hand jar.
My heart goes out to my cardiothoracic surgeon.
I have the body of a god - Buddah
I have dysexia, I mix up my o's &amp; a's
9/10 doctors agree that 10% of doctors are disagreeable.
Sex is the most wholesome, natural thing money can buy
Do cars in the Cars movie get car isurance, or life insurance?
My cat is recovering from a massive stroke.
All that is needed for neutral to triumph is for good and bad people to do nothing.
My doctor kept hitting on me during my colonoscopy
If you don't like murals you're not looking at the big picture.
I wanted to be able to see behind my computer, so my friend recommended I install Windows.
Id rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy.
I remember when Halloween was the scariest night of the year. Now, its Election night.
If youre not supposed to eat at night, why is there a light bulb in the refrigerator?
Relationships are a lot like algebra. Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?
Two blondes walked into a building. You'd have thought one would have seen it.
Crime in multi-storey car parks. That is wrong on so many different levels.
People who use selfie sticks really need to have a good, long look at themselves.
corn chips, so be careful with it.
My therapist thinks I am crazy, but my cat says I am ok
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day.
Pirates have a special deal on corn - a buccaneer
For years I thought that Maybelline was a hereditary disease
Almost every good story I know starts with: "Hold my beer for a second!"
Every day is an adventure when you're incompetent.
My doctor diagnosed me with schizophrenia and ADHD, which means I hear the voices, but not for long enough to drive me insane.
I still miss my ex, but my aim is improving
Modern Era
Back in '39, I threw the biggest party in Poland and got so drunk I woke up in East Germany.
I once dreamt I was wide awake, woke up and I was!
After Autumn and Winter, Spring comes as a big re-leaf.
There are no stupid questions. There are, however, many inquisitive idiots.
I don`t trust stairs because they are always up to something.
The best time to go to the dentist is before 2:30.
To avoid getting ahead of yourself, step back and let yourself go
The towels in my hotel room were so nice and fluffy... I couldnt even close my suitcase.
Absinthe makes the heart grow fonder
I think most of you probably already know about the first rule of Assumption Club.
98% of all statistics are false
Shout out to the people wondering what the opposite of in is.
What's Epistemophobia?
My anorexic friend was blown away by my windmill.
I had some words with my wife, and she had some paragraphs with me.
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea, does that mean that one enjoys it?
Lifes a bitch, cause if it was a slut, itd be easy.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
I was gonna have my teeth whitened, but then I said f*ck that, Ill just get a tan instead.
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you dont have a good partner, youd better have a good hand.
Never make an arm wrestling bet with a man that has been single for longer than 6 months.
It's so cold outside, I actually saw a gangster pull his pants up.
The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that sex for money usually costs a lot less.
A big shout out to sidewalks... Thanks for keeping me off the streets.
"Don't kid yourself" would be a great slogan for a condom company
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
You know you're ugly when it comes to a group picture and they hand you the camera.
War does not determine who is right. It determines who is left.
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. Yes is the answer.
Dark humor is like food, not everyone gets it.
Shout out to deaf people!
Theres no I in denial
Smiling is contagious so spread it!
67% of people are stupid. I belong to the other 13%.
Check out my new acronym: S.I.O. (for "Spell It Out")
Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter since nobody listens.
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
A day without sunshine is like, well, night.
I Haven't Lost My Mind, It's Backed Up On Disk Somewhere.
He who laughs last probably didn't get the joke.
Impotence: Nature's Way Of Saying "No Hard Feelings".
Borrow money from pessimists , they don't expect it back
Sometimes I meet people and feel bad for their dog
What does not kill us , makes our drinks stronger
Whatever you do always give 100%.Unless you are donating blood
It's been " one of those days " for like 3 years now
Do sheep shrink in the rain?
"Also available in Blue Balls"
Jim Brown, you may be All-American in locker room, but in the bathroom European.
The poor skeleton worked long hours at his typewriting job, working his fingers to the bone.
Jamie Deamon shut up or stop investing in block chain!!
I keep a board with 6.626E-34 burned into the side as a constant reminder.
Sally asked her mother what brides cover their faces with to no avail.
It's better to be a worldwide alcoholic, than an Alcoholic Anonymous.
Love is like a fart
My friend got a personal trainer a year before his wedding. I thought: Bloody hell, how longs the aisle going to be".
Crime in a multi-storey carpark- it's wrong on so many different levels
Im a comedian with irritable bowel syndrome Its shits and giggles
That one liner 'i'm not drinking too much tonight' never goes as planned...
Age is a state of mind; if nobody states my age, I certainly won't mind.
I have downloaded this new app. Its great, it tells you what to wear, what to eat and if youve put on weight. Its called the Daily Mail.
are mermaids tripods?
There is nothing more awkward than the moment you realize youre getting a double-cheek kiss.
At my age flowers scare me.
Ive decided to stop masturbating, since then Ive not really felt myself.
I like Jesus but he loves me, so its awkward.
pyrex was the most oven-safe dinosaur
Maybe fear is Gods way of saying, Pay attention, this could be fun.
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a womans birthday but never remembers her age.
One thing youll never hear a Hindu say Ah well, you only live once.
The second day of a diet is always easier than the first. By the second day, youre off it.
A bookstore is one of the only pieces of evidence we have that people are still thinking.
I havent slept for ten days, because that would be too long.
I used to be addicted to swimming but Im very proud to say Ive been dry for six years.
Love is like a fart. If you have to force it its probably shit.
The Swedish are not quite as Swedy as Swedes.
I just donated $100 to a blind children's charity, not that the kids will ever see any of it.
I am a narcissist and a pessimist, which means I am certain that I will succeed in life, but by such a small margin that it will be meaningless in the end.
I started with nothing, I still have most of it
My assignment in baking class this week was a piece of cake.
I started walking around without shoes and it quickly became a hobbit.
At the bus stop, a midget started off a story by saying, "When I was little."
When I get naked in the bathroom, it's the shower that gets turned on.
Earthquakes rock my world.
My cousin took a ruler to bed to see how long he could sleep for.
My ex is so stupid she walked into an antique store and asked, "What's new?"
The best angle to approach a problem is from the tryangle.
I haven't spoken to my wife for 10 months, I don't like to interrupt her.
I have sexdaily or is it dyslexia?
My eye doctor is as corneas hell.
When I got dressed this morning, armies came out of my sleevies.
A guy did me a favor once and now it seems like I have to return the favor over and over - it's a form of indentured gratitude.
I told my friend I threw a stick 5 miles and my dog retrieved it, but he said it seemed a bit far fetched.
The hardest part about starting a new relationship, is learning how to fart silently again.
You think you're in love with a girl from New Delhi until you find out she's really not that India.
CANT STOP LAUGHING AFTER WATCHING THIS GOLD 
Stevie Wonder completely ignored me, so I guess you could say that he turned a blind eye.
Two musicians are writing a song about depression; one turns to the other and says "Let's end it on the bridge"
The groom wore unlaced sneakers to the wedding, so they weren't able to tie the knot.
Googling ways to dispose of a body, mostly to freak out the asshole behind me on the bus who keeps staring at my laptop screen
Since groom wore unlaced sneakers to the wedding, they weren't able to tie the knot.
When I was a child my father attacked me with cameras; I still have flashbacks.
After escaping the unbelievably hot shower, you could say that I ran out of steam.
1 best friend who stands with you when you have nothing to give ..when you really need him. is worth having hundred friends who r there with you when you have everything.
How about I drag my balls over your face and you tell me what I had for lunch.
Wondering
My kids are at an age now where they are beginning to understand embarrassment,This is my time to shine.
Gossips make terrible Animal Control Officers because they usually let the cat out of the bag.
You think the face in the mirror looks a little scary  and its not yours.
I taught my pet turkey how to be witty and now he roasts me.
As I said before, I don't like to repeat myself
I gave my turkey some espresso and now he is perky.
My favorite type of tree is poul-tree.
I ran into a one-legged turkey that went wobble-wobble.
With all the pumpkins around, fall is definitely the most gourd-geous season.
If money really did grow on trees, we would all be raking it in.
Now that it's fall, I wear my har-vest.
Seams right that someone who sews is not called a sewer.
I can't remember the name of that tree in the ground - I'm stumped.
This weekend my family and I went on a hayride in an autumn-mobile.
I was wondering why the baseball was getting bigger, then it hit me.
If you drink a Trumer before bed, does that mean you're taking sleeping Pils?
q uo poq  nq   s  s s
When wearing a bikini, women reveal 90% of their body, but I'm so polite, I only look at the covered parts.
A fan of musical puns, Aria?
All of the teams got an itchy rash from the plants on the field, so I guess they're in the Ivy League now. 
I turned my phone on airplane mode,It didn't fly
When you're at an Alzheimer ralley and hear, "Who's with me?" yell your name instead of raising your hand.
My dog used to chase people on a bike, until I took his bike away.
I had a dream i was a muffler, i woke up exhausted.
If a tree falls in the forest and nobody hears it, then my illegal logging business is a success.
I never listen to people properly and my doctor says it's because I've got 80HD.
I started up an Origami business that seemed like a viable proposition on paper, but in the end, I had to fold.
I saw a homeless guy shouting a lot of random stuff, so I think it was a vague rant.
I wanted to do a show about feminism. But my husband wouldnt let me.
I wanted to invest in a magazine company but I didn't like their margins.
I usually meet my girlfriend at 12:59 because I like that one-to-one time.
At what age is it appropriate to tell my dog that he's adopted?
Photons have mass? I didn't even know they were Catholic.
Doctor, doctor! Sorry mate. Its a Saturday.
A blonde heard that accidents happen close to home so she moved!
I'm not dumb, I just have a lot of blonde moments.
Moses had the first tablet that could connect to the cloud.
Einstein finally developed a theory about space, it was about time too!
I went to rehab in wine country just to keep my options open
Im single. By choice. Her choice. No it was a mutual thing. We came to the mutual agreement that she would marry her ex boyfriend.
Alcohol is a perfect solvent: It dissolves marriages, families and careers.
My nephew hates it when I steal his nose. He's a leper.
After my philosophy paper printed out with unreadable text, I realized I needed a font of knowledge.
I'm not sure about all these Netflix original series, but then again, I've seen stranger things.
I tried to date a baker, but she kneaded to spend time with her family instead.
I tried to date a librarian, but her weekend was always booked.
Some melons go through with elaborate weddings because they cantelope.
There are two types of people in the world: those who are tired of this joke and those who have a good sense of humor.
It's accrual world, but I'm willing to invest in you
Never date a girl called hope. If you split up, you'll become hopeless.
Gotta hand it to a blind hooker.
If your mother were stuck in a gingerbread house, would you eat her out?
My pet turtle died, but I'm not upset, just shell-shocked.
When Hillary Clinton was asked if Harvey Weinstein's behavior reminded her of her husband's, she said, "Close, but no cigar."
God gave us the brain to work out problems. However, we use it to create more problems.
What do you call a joke with no punchline?
Did you ever notice that from the time you hang up the phone until the pizza guy shows up, the only conversation you have is Wheres the guy with our pizza?
The local pet shop has been robbed and police say they have no leads.
Procrastinators unite tomorrow!
We needed more scenes with Chevy, so I told the editor to cut to the Chase.
My manager hid her food during the FBI raid so they couldn't Caesar Salad. 
I'm a Science Justice Warrior!
theres dangerous animals around us all, with brains much smarter than monkeys
It was a stroke of genius when Einstein hired the prostitute.
Facebook forces you to be an optimist by taking away your dislike button, so I dislike them so much I use Reddit instead
I write "whioncele" every once in a while.
This sentence was originally written in Sanskrit, and only recently translated into English.
If you dont like sleeping with your neighbors dog, tell him its too loud
What do men from New Zealand think about every 10 seconds
Speaking ill of the dead is a grave mistake.
The doctors tried to save my uncle with an i.v., but all their efforts were in vein.
Ambassadors never get sick because they have diplomatic immunity.
Just joined Reddit. Feel like the worst Rapist ever, 10 violations in less than a month.
Old lawyers never die; they just lose their appeal.
If someone drowns themselves in a toilet, is it death by sewercide?
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. Yes is the answer
Never eat more than you can lift. - Miss Piggy
America is the only place where people go hunting on a full stomach.
Nature is my toilet, and I just clogged it
I may not be able to celebrate Valentines Day, but at least I have Palm Sunday to look forward to.
"The Civil War was an inside job!!"
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night. -Steve Martin
I met the Godfather of the Scottish mafia earlier...he made me an offer I couldnt understand.
You're crazy is showing, so you might want to tuck that back in.
I checked my receipt and I didn't buy any of your lies.
I never make the same mistake twice, I make it 5 or 6 times just to be sure.
By the power vested in me, I announce you blocked and deleted, you may now kiss my ass.
People say I act like I don't care, but it's not an act.
How can I forgive and forget if I'm neither Jesus nor have Alzheimers?
I took an aspirin and stayed away from my kids - just like the bottle said.
My boss asked why I was late to work and I told him someone yelled at me to go to hell and I finally found where it was.
Please cancel my subscription to your issues.
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and when I said I wanted a second opinion he said, "You're ugly too."
My girlfriend threatened to leave me because I keep pretending to be a transformer, but I can change.
The difference between my wife and my job is that my job still sucks.
I went to a brothel and the sign read, "Beat it. We're closed."
Be patient in line, even a toilet can only handle one asshole at a time.
Squirrels will never wear skinny jeans because their nuts won't fit.
A surgeon who leaves the field and then returns should be called a re-surgion.
I asked my blonde girlfriend how she survived the zombie apocalypse. She said "All I did was stand still while they went after the people who had brains!"
The question on waves was very trough. I'm crestfallen.
Hymen's hymn is another way of saying vagina monologue.
Scooby-Doo
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes - Jim Carrey
Everyone wants the most bang for their buck, especially thrifty folks that enjoy prostitutes.
Said the prostitute to the priest: "I'm here for the missionary position".
I like buying corn from pirates, they sell it for a buccaneer.
I got arrested for indecent exposure but I wasn't convicted because the evidence didn't stand up in court.
My girlfriend said she wants me to make her feel like she is the only girl in the world. So I'm going to drop her off in the desert and leave!
I was very naive sexually. My first boyfriend asked me to do missionary and I buggered off to Africa for six months.
With my runny nose and high temperature, I made sure to shake everyone's hands in the doctors' waiting room, because, it's how I make friends and influenza people.
It's Friday the 13th, so avoid ladders, black cats and ridiculous superstitions...
A joke doesn't become a Dad joke until it's fully groan.
Need I say more
Did you know that cannibals don't eat clowns cos they taste funny?
Pedicures are often given by Vietnamese women because they speak a toe-nsil language
I was raised as an only child, which really annoyed my sister
I used to think I had a Japanese friend, but it was just my imagine Asian.
Equal, is not real, sugar.
A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
My wife said if I took one more picture of her, she'd leave me...that's when I snapped.
Moses had the first tablet that could connect to the cloud.
If you fire a gun into the wind, you could say that you were shooting the breeze.
One-armed butlers: they can take it, but they can't dish it out
"You can say that again," said the Alzheimer's patient.
She told me to punch her directly in the vagina, not beat around the bush.
What did Yokono say to John Lennon when they first started dating?
Netflix is raising rates again; Man, whoever's password I'm using has got to be pissed!
Where does the vampire store his money? The blood bank
My girlfriend gouged my eyes out, I couldn't see why.
What Is A Vampire's Favourite Fruit, Necktarine
I have mirrors all over my house. Sometimes I just need to reflect.
For her birthday, my girlfriend told me that nothing would make her happier than a diamond ring, so I bought her nothing.
I went to see the new pirate movie - it was rated aaarrrrrrrrgh
I don't have the words to describe losing my dictionary.
6:30 is the best time on a clock, hands down.
vague
lennon say....no...
If there was a picture of every Richard in the world, we'd be able to see what the average Dick looks like.
Its difficult to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.
A march for obesity might be the first march in history to actually cure something.
I decided to skip the 7 am funeral, I'm really not a mourning person.
"Ah, it's so damn dark!" -Bat, trying to wake up
I'm a social vegan, I avoid meet.
I'm stinkin'-filthy rich, well 2 out of 3 ain't bad.
Waldo wears stripes so that he isn't spotted.
A baseball player walks into a bar and the bartender throws him out.
Woman who wear expensive perfume don't have common scents.
I fell into poison ivy while picking up a 4-leaf clover - what a rash of good luck!
A thief stole a calendar and got 12 months.
Two fish are in a tank when one asks, "How do we drive this thing?"
My zipper broke, but I fixed it on the fly.
The best way to help an astronaut to sleep is to rocket.
What do kleptomaniacs take when they are sick?
I will never play another game with an artist, they always end in a draw.
It only takes one football match to light up a stadium.
I saw a lot of police at the bakery, but muffin was going on.
My doctor asked if I drink to sleep; sure, I'll drink to anything.
There is nothing more awkward than the moment you realize youre getting a double-cheek kiss.
I bought a popular calendar, it has lots of dates.
When my children were young I decided to child proof my house but somehow they always managed to get back in.
Hate to break it to you, Facebook, but the entire Internet is already a Dislike button.
I shouldn't have put her in that position; she's no missionary.
Conjunctivitis.com a site for sore eyes
Homer Simpson answers the phone "Yellow?"
I told my wife that she drew her eyebrows on too high. She seemed surprised.
Spiral : recursive cursive
Hard-boiled eggs are a food you half to eat.
First thing tomorrow I am going to put an end to my procrastination.
A man asks a trainer in the gym: I want 2 impress that beautiful girl, which machine I can use? Trainer replies: Use the ATM
My girlfriend and I often laugh about how competitive we are. But I laugh more.
Lonely gynecologists should look up a friend.
Call me bigoted if you like, but I'd rather have a Swedish blow up doll than an Islamic one.
If I won the award for laziness, I would send somebody to pick it up for me.
My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the local zoo.
My wife and I were happy for twenty years...then we met
Do not take life too seriously, You will never get out of it alive.
Heres some advice: At a job interview, tell them youre willing to give 110 percent. Unless the job is a statistician.
A Canadian psychologist is selling a video that teaches you how to test your dogs IQ. Heres how it works: If you spend $12.99 for the video, your dog is smarter than you.
I've just seen a very confusing book called, "Ventriloquism for Dummies."
My wife just found out I replaced our bed with a trampoline; she hit the roof!
My roshambo skills didn't cut it against Rocky.
I bought some land where two tectonic plates meet...
I went to a seafood disco the other night...
My wife says I can join your gang but I have to be home by 9.
I have a vision, I just dont know what it looks like.
centifoot millimile kilopound microton - the bastard children of metric and english
When I was a boy, I had a disease that required me to eat dirt three times a day in order to survive... It's a good thing my older brother told me about it
Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff, ba dum tss
I'd give my left hand to be ambidextrous.
Explainations
My friend's in prison for flashing; he says he can't bare it anymore.
A girl phoned me the other day and said, "Come on over, there's nobody home." I went over. Nobody was home.
Use a ramp if you feel inclined.
When a painter gets cold he puts on another coat.
Yeast is the only culture some people have.
A pirate walked into a hospital with a steering wheel down his pants yelling, "It's drivin' me nuts!"
You're about as dumb as a football bat.
Fish are easy to weigh because they bring their own scales.
It was tense when the past, present, and future walked into a bar.
I had to put my grades up for adoption because I couldn't raise them.
You can't tell oneliners to kleptomaniacs, because they take things literally.
The new horror movie must be amazing, 'cause every time I pull out into the road someone is yelling, "Watch It!"
Not to be racist, but I like the Daytona 500 more than the Talladega 500.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. Not sure what they're laced with, but I've been tripping all day.
My dream girl keeps stressing me about the fact that I only see her when I'm asleep.
I remember when I was a kid my mom would feed us vegetables by telling us :"here comes the train, here comes the train"
I have a nomadic tree, every year it packs up its trunk and leaves.
I was at a tiny beach and a microwave washed ashore.
I often say to myself, "I can't believe the cloning machine worked!"
Learning how to collect rocks wasn't that hard, I just picked it up as I went along.
My neighbour was so angry, he said he was going to hit me with a guitar, but it was just a fret.
Never play games with a cheetah.
Bananas go to the doctor when they are not peeling well.
Cemeteries are gated because people are dying to get in.
I have a hard time believing Harvey Fierstein assaulted all those women.
I'd rather have a bottle in front of me, than a frontal lobotomy.
So I was fucking an entrepreneur on my chaise lounge, pardon my French...
I have three kids and no money.. why can't I have no kids and three money
Why is there an L in NoeL if it's NoeL?
If opposites truly attract, the correct life strategy is to be a loser
I'm gender fluid.
You're about as useful as an inflatable dartboard.
Shouldn't hemorrhoids be called asteroids?
How do you change a baby? Easy, you just swap it with one in the nursery.
how *do* you pierce brosnan?
Wait For It:
Do you think I'm cool? no, that means I'm hot.
He's as useful as Anne Frank's drum kit.
Doctor's office: All our records are electronic now just fill out these 12 forms
There are two types of people in the world: those who can extrapolate from incomplete data.
I had sardines for lunch, but they tasted a little fishy.
Drinking androids join alcoholics autonomous.
Celery is 95% water and 100% not pizza.
I would lose weight, but I don't like losing.
At my age, the only thing that gets hard are my arteries.
She asked if I wanted to hear a joke about sodium. I said "Na.".
I only look up to you because I'm short.
I never forget my son's first words... "Where the heck have you been for 16 years?"
I made a huge to do list for today. I just can't figure out who's going to do it.
I am on a seafood diet. I see food, and I eat it.
When the past comes knocking, don't answer. It has nothing new to tell you.
The amount of feet in a yard depends on how many people are standing on it.
In the spring, trees are releaved.
Your family tree must be a cactus, because everyone on it is a prick.
My math teacher said I was average - how mean!
I once had a business making submarines - it went under.
Don't worry if plan A fails, there are 25 more letters in the alphabet.
They say "don't try this at home" so I'm coming over to your house to try it.
If you're hotter than me, then that means I'm cooler than you.
Paratroopers are always the fall guys.
For a taco emergency, call 9-Juan-Juan.
For breakfast, the thesaurus ate a synonym roll.
This summer I almost drowned in a pool - it was a breath taking experience.
When my butt hurts I always take assprin.
Darth Vader traveled with his friend Ella Vader.
My dentist took x-rays and now I have tooth pics.
My fat psychic friend is a four chin teller.
I bought a wooden whistle, but it wooden whistle.
At AA I was told I need to stop making pour decisions.
I just read a book about Helium. It was so good that I can't put it down.
Salad is not food, because when I eat salad my dog doesn't pay attention to me.
You remind me of my Lava Lamp; you're not too bright but you're fun to watch.
You remind me of my Lava Lamp; you're not to bright but you're fun to watch.
The most difficult part about going vegan was quitting cold turkey.
I was born at an early age
Cocaine isn't all it's cracked up to be.
My father worked at a power plant for 35 years until he was diagnosed with an industrial complex.
Being half deaf it's the worst disability: I just get to say "huh?" when I'm fined for taking a handicapped parking spot.
You're so pretty it makes me want to masturbate (instead of sex with you)
you know how i can tell that you like it when i shine this torch in your eyes? your whole face lights up.
The only thing flat-earthers fear, is sphere itself.
brownies are melt-in-the-mouth delicious but girl guides are more filling
You must have been born on a highway cos' that's where most accidents happen.
IMHO, the "H" in "IMHO" is silent.
A man walks into a bar because he is too busy looking at his phone.
I think my memory foam mattress is suffering from amnesia.
You're American When You Go in The bathroom And You're American When you Come out but You know What Are You When You're In there ? ''Yourpeeing''
Harddick is big, he is the only tallest Indian guy I've ever seen
I achieved nirvana, but forgot how to do it because ignorance is bliss.
A pirate's favorite letter is "R", or at least that's true for Pirate Ralph.
A pirate's favorite letter is "R", or at least it's true for Pirate Ralph.
Did you know 70% of people will believe a statistic you tell them if you put a percentage in it?
I pulled a gluteal muscle. Its a real pain in the ass.
It was not my intention to offend you, that was just a bonus.
If you're drinking to forget, please pay in advance
some people don't like my dark humor, but i believe they are resist
Im gonna name my son after my grandpa, which will be unique because you dont hear about many kids named Grandpa.
Isn't it scary that doctors call what they do practice?
Maze addicts are hard to find.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
I must be emotionally constipated because I haven't given a shit in days.
The only difference between your job and your wife is that after 5 years, your job will still suck.
It's a long shot, but I think I might be able to become a sniper.
My dad sent me to a psychiatrist for wearing his bra again.
Do you remember if I have Alzheimer's?
I only exaggerate once every million years
I woke up on the ground last night, must have fallen asleep.
The only difference between a politician and a flying pig is the letter f.
Single women can't fart because they don't get an asshole until they're married.
If stupid could fly, there'd never be traffic.
My penis was in the Guinness book of world records, but then the librarian told me to take it out.
If you are joining a new bank bring money with you and make sure you take that into account.
I smell a bad oneliner coming - who nose what it'll be.
I have a friend named Charlie Nguyen, but we call him VietKong for short.
The hardest thing about a business is minding your own.
It is so cold outside I saw a politician with his hands in his own pockets.
I wanted to drown my worries but my mother-in-law didnt want to go in the water.
If I got a dime for every failed math exam, Id have $3.55.
I dropped spaghetti on my lap and now dinner's on me.
If talk is cheap, then why is my lawyer charging so much?
I just bought a calendar and now my days are numbered.
My ex came crawling back to me, probably because I stole his wheelchair.
Corn always finds a way to slide into my BMs.
Watching Jeopardy taught me to question the answer
If you ran like your mouth, you would be in great shape.
If I agreed with you, then we would both be wrong.
I you ran like your mouth, you would be in great shape.
I have many hidden talents, I just can't find them.
The chains on my mood swing just broke.
I drink responsibly by not spilling a drop.
Kale, yeah I'm vegan!
My ex has more issues than Vogue.
I'm great in bed, I can sleep for days.
I'm so fly, I Neverland.
My coworker annoys me with bad puns, but toucan play at that game.
My cat at cheese and waited for a mouse with baited breath.
I went for a meal with a hermaphrodite and I told the waiter that I'd like a table for 3.
I got my BMI calculated and I did really well; I got the high-score for my town!
Most people overgeneralize.
Who could have guessed that my psychics-only party would be a failure with no one showing up?
The most confusing time to suddenly go deaf would be during a moment of silence. After 10 mins youd be like, Damn...this is taking forever.
A shield is an idea I can really get behind.
blue jeans is the lowest common deniminator
I can explain it to you, but I can't understand it for you.
I lost my job as a stage designer and I left without making a scene.
Man with authority walks into a bar and orders everyone a round!
I bought my mother in law a chair for her 50th birthday, but my wife won't let me plug it in.
I lost a very good friend and drinking partner last week.he got his finger caught in a wedding ring.
I changed my password everywhere to 'incorrect.' That way when I forget it, it always reminds me, 'Your password is incorrect.'
If I won the award for laziness, I would send somebody to pick it up for me.
Some people just have a way with words, and other people  oh  not have way.
This line has been discontinu
I just watched a documentary on how massive ships are held together: it was riveting.
I know the answer isn't hiding at the bottom of a bottle, but I always like to check anyway.
How did Moses make his tea?- Hebrewed it
Reading while sunbathing makes you well red.
The first time I got a universal remote control I thought to myself, "This changes everything."
Two silk worms competed in a race, but they ended up in a tie.
My friend's bakery burnt down last night and now his business is toast.
A chemist died and we had to barium.
There was an explosion at a French cheese factory and de-brie was everywhere.
I make pour decisions.
Bad puns are how eye roll.
In /r/oneliners the quality posters make quality posters.
I attended such an emotional wedding that even the cake was in tiers.
3 out of 4 people live next to a pedophile, but not me, I live next to this sweet little boy!
Women spend more time wondering what men are thinking than men spend thinking.
They told me I had Type A blood but it was a Type O.
Did you hear about the two podiatrists that became arch enemies?
Is a pothead with two reefers double jointed?
Its not bedtime if there's no bed
My wallet is like an onion, opening it makes me cry.
When you stand on the beach, it sounds like you have a shell to your ear...
The first Jewish astronaut was Nose Cohen.
Zombie Apocalypse VS Chuck Norris
I hate those people who don't love their fellow man.
Conversion therapy sometimes, I used to know this guy who was gay, but now she says she's straight.
Just watched a suspenseful movie about how to shit incorrectly, it had me on the edge of my seat
A pet store had a bird contest with no perches necessary.
Asked a gun store owner how he would feel if he sold a gun to a mass shooter. He told me he'd be happy just to make a killing. #DarkAF
After Tuesday, even the calendar goes W T F.
Maybe if we all emailed the constitution to each other, the NSA will finally read it.
Everyday is a gift, that's why they call it the present.
Hypochondria is the only disease I haven't got.
If you fall, i'll be there - "Floor"
I heard you're a player, nice to meet you i'm the coach.
I was going to buy a book on phobias, but I was afraid it wouldn't help me.
Getting paid to sleep would be a dream job.
Never trust atoms, they make up everything.
Inspecting mirrors is a job I could really see myself doing.
I'd tell you my construction joke but I'm still working on it.
I was going to look for my missing watch, but I could never find the time.
If Satan ever lost his hair, there would be hell toupee.
I was going to join the debating team, but somebody talked me out of it.
A golf ball is a golf ball no matter how you putt it.
Don't drink with ghosts because they can't handle their boos.
Some people say I'm addicted to somersaults but that's just how I roll.
I often say to myself, "I can't believe that cloning machine worked!"
I was struggling to figure out how lightning works then it struck me.
Pencils could be made with erasers at both ends, but what would be the point?
I asked the lion in my wardrobe what he was doing there and he replied that it was "Narnia Business".
Never give your uncle an anteater.
Insect puns bug me.
My leaf-blower stopped working and now it just sucks.
Did you hear about boy scout camp this year? It was in tents.
do you ever cheat on your crush (who isn't aware of your existence) by having another crush (who, too, isn't aware of your existence).
Life is like a pubic hair on the toilet seat, you can get pissed off anytime
Apparently I snore so loudly that it scares everyone in the car I'm driving.
I just ordered 2000 lbs of won ton soup.
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest.
A boiled egg every morning is hard to beat.
Being struck by lightening is a shocking experience.
I'm a dentist, so I know the drill.
Not to brag, but at the Vlasic company I'm a big dill.
My curicculum vitae is flawless.
Whoever said technology would replace all paper, obviously hasn't tried wiping their butt with an IPad.
That moment when you lie about having sex and accidentally start a major religion. #shithappens
You thnik you have it toguh? Try being a dyslecix prefetcinosit!
Whats the difference between a new husband and a new dog? After a year, the dog is still excited to see you.
Crime in multistorey carparks is wrong on so many levels.
Jokes about communism aren't funny, unless everyone gets them.
Unloved
"I don't give myself enough credit"~ Anonymous
7 10 2017...well that's today, whichever way you look at it.
Some new people grow on you, while others turn out to be crop failures.
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
Life is like toilet paper, you're either on a roll or taking shit from some asshole.
eBay is so useless that when I tried to look up lighters, all they had was 13,749 matches.
I started out with nothing, and I still have most of it.
On a scale of North Korea to America, how free are you tonight?
Alcohol is a perfect solvent: It dissolves marriages, families and careers.
Diabetes is a disease where running races would actually cure it.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception.
I used to play rugby with my toddler! Until I dropped him.
I hate being a centaur, I feel like a man trapped in a horse's body.
Good judgement comes from experience, while experience comes from bad judgement.
Puttung, a, comma, everywhere, and, changing, it, to, a, one, liner, is, no, art.
Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence.
Instead of playing poker with real money I play it with fake friends
When I was younger I felt like a man trapped in a woman's body. Then I was born.
The other day I unexpectedly bought a cat. It was an impulse purrchase.
Bring back tar and feathering so people can say... Dont do the crime if you cant do the slime
If you dont know what introspection is, you need to take a long, hard look at yourself.
I fucked a sarcastic girl - she loved it.
The advantage of easy origami is two-fold.
PropellerAds Publishers payout is changed to $25 Now
I'm trying to boost my confidence, but I don't think I can
The world is divided into people who think they are right
Any guy who plays heavy metal at work, is office rocker...
I suffer from ADHsquirrel!!
I just made up a new joke that goes, I just made up a new word; plagiarism.
I still cant believe Tom Petty shot all those people.
Whoever said technology would replace all paper obviously hasnt tried wiping their butt with an IPad.
Why dont cannibals eat clowns? Because they taste funny
To be Frank, I'd need to have a legal name change.
I hate the taste of my semen, and by the sounds of it so do Table 6.
If you had infinite Shakespeares, could they write like a monkey?
I once had some eyeglasses. Unfortunately, I was walking down the street when suddenly the prescription ran out.
I saw a bank that said "24 Hour Banking", but I don't have that much time.
When I die, I'm leaving my body to science fiction.
Cross country skiing is great if you live in a small country.
Diet is "die" with a t.
Protons have mass? I didn't even know they were Catholic.
I don't repeat gossip, so listen carefully.
Some mornings I wake up grumpy, other mornings I let him sleep.
May your coffee kick in before reality does.
The only way I can get breakfast in bed is if I sleep in the kitchen.
If you can read this, I'm not impressed. Most people can read this.
I had a job, but my life ate it.
I'm such a bad driver that my navigation system said, "Stop in 300 meters and let me out."
Support your local search and rescue - get lost!
Politics is just show business for ugly people
The Stationery Store moved.
I'm not a complete idiot, some parts are missing.
I don't suffer from insanity, I enjoy every minute of it.
I just bought a laptop for my gay friend, and got shouted at, he needed a lapBottom
Maybe you've heard of the revolutionary global burial computing system - the Inter Net
Watching vampires compete is intense, they're always neck and neck.
Insults are effective only when emotion is present.
When Noah was loading the Ark did a schizophrenic person count as 1 person or 10?
This sentence no verb.
It's hard not to dwell on a pronoun, if you stop and think about it.
I just made up a new word: plagiarism.
Is a small dog that acts more like a cat a purrjurer?
You could live a better life if you had a better mind and a better body.
Governments lie, newspapers lie, but in a democracy they are different lies.
I was going to tell you a gay joke but fuck it.
Chuck Norris does not teabag the ladies. He potato-sacks them.
Trump expertly...
You can say what you like about President Trump....
I have a chicken proof lawn...it's impeccable.
For those who say money can't buy you happiness - You have obviously never paid for a divorce.
Thank God I'm an atheist
We have no aspirin sorry, only the parrots ate 'em all.
Underwear bandit admits brief crime spree.
If You feel down then Log into Reddit watch some Videos
At any given time, if you stop and think about it for a second, you have an itch that needs scratching.
If someone could shed some light why my flashlight app needs updating, that'd be great.
There is hardly a thing in the world that some man can not make a little worse and sell a little cheaper.
One time I thought I was watching MMA until everyone took their pants off
When you try to make an impression, the chances are *that* is the impression you will make.
When you try to make an impression, the chances are *that* is the impression you will make.
Ever since 9/11, the firemen have been getting all the pussy...
It goes without saying that, well, you know ...
I like Freudian slips as much as the next gay.
Prostitutes try to get the most out of their clients.
Pirates are so good at poker, they can play it with no hand.
I would never moon anyone because that would be embarrassing.
An abortion in Czechoslovakia is a cancelled Czech
My friends are like pi- well rounded, but completely irrational
Faith. The final frontier for people who lisp.
I keep missing my EX - but my aim is improving.
My girlfriend made a terrible meal using mostly organ meats, it was offal
Divorce is like running away but no one wants u to come back
If I were an optometrist, I would make my advertisements blurry.
I find jigsaws puzzling.
Homeless are people are the best activists. They're always asking for change!
One in three people suffer from paranoia...the other two are watching him...
The word 'red' is found in 'credible'. Red is incredible.
If you can't say anything nice, say it on the internet.
What do you call it when a person gets a boner at a funeral? "Mourning wood"
I'm thinking of becoming a Chinese Olympic gymnast because I would really like to look 5 years old again.
Something I ate didn't agree with me. Must have been a Republican.
Camping is too in tents for my liking.
Just Subscribe this Community to get Unlimited Traffic
I tried to catch some fog, but I mist.
The invention of the shovel must have been ground-breaking!
Life is short, people are...
Talk is cheap. Until you hire a lawyer.
When people accuse me of using old slang I just say "Talk to the hand"
When people say I'm using old slang I just say "Talk to the hand".
Did you hear the one about the dyslexic guy who walked into a bra?
Every Scooby-Doo episode would literally be two minutes long if the gang went to the mask store first and asked a few questions.
I like to repeat things when I think they're funny. I like to repeat things when I think they're funny.
I love the way the earth rotates, it really makes my day.
I intend to live forever. So far, so good
Asked my woodworking friend how to build a cabinet without nails, he said "Screw that!"
Two lesbian bought me Rolex for my birthday, I guess they misunderstood when I said I wanna watch.
______ is both redundant and repetitive.
A dyslexic person walks into a bra.
I like to repeat things when I think they're funny. I like to repeat things when I think they're funny.
Edam cheese is made backwards
What's up? The stock price for apple
Submit Your Guest Post Free and Generate Backlink
Scatplay is a shitty game.
I wonder if ducks ever get down in the mouth?
Some people just have a way with words, and other people  oh  not have way.
Gravity is a myth; Earth sucks.
Driving to work is becoming a pain in my axle.
My local barista told me he likes to masturbate while wearing light cotton pants - he calls it the fappuccino.
I recently wrote a book about poltergheists, it was flying of the shelves - Jimmy Carr
I was going to make a gay joke, but come on guys.
This green vinegar is in a bit of a pickle.
I overfeed my son. I just want him to be a well rounded individual, like any parent.
My two favorite things are pleonasms and using too many words to describe things.
Diarrhea is hard to spell, but easy to smell.
The person who invented crotch waxing must've made a Brazilian dollars.
If you see my ex at work, please tell me which corner
Cooking hack: Use coconut oil to cook kale so it easier to scrape off your plate into the bin.
Masturbation... really comes in handy.
If you get into the passenger seat of my Miata, it becomes a You &amp; Me-ata.
If you get into the passenger seat of my Miata, it becomes a You &amp; Me-ata.
Ravioli Ravioli give me the formuoli
What's a hypebeast's favourite pizza flavour?
I miss my keep missing my ex, but my aim is improving.
My vacuum cleaner sucks
The price of hearing aids has gone up: people across the country are saying "How much?!"
Just For Laugh
If a blind prostitute tells you that you have a big dick, she's probably pulling your leg.
Told my mom I thought she was a C+ mom and she just said, "Cs got me through college, I'm fine with that."
After watching hours of daytime television coke and sex parties have lost all meaning.
I saw two security guards outside samsung and thought they maybe guardians of the galaxy
Remains to be seen if glass coffins become popular
2 in 1 people have multiple personality disorder.
I haven't slept for 10 days because that would be too long
My toilet is haunted by a ghost with unfinished business
You have to hand it to blind prostitutes.
I keep being accused of being racist, but racism is a crime
I cried because I had no shoes. Then, I met a man who had no feet. Talk about a day-brightener!
I just got a new phone and I'm entering all my frequently used words into the autocorrect dictionary. It's going pretty well so fart.
If I had to figure out how all these weird words got into my phone's autocorrect dictionary, I wouldn't know where to shart.
Cowboys seem particularly disinterested in cows.
So, Stephen Hawking...he's probably faking it, right?
I saw that the ball was coming closer and closer, but then it hit me.
I always get misty eyed when peeing into the wind.
What's up with all these homeless people?
I was going to make a joke about the floor, but then I realized it was beneath me.
My gf asked me to stop singing Wonderwall. I said maybe
I get cobwebs stuck in my teeth when I eat corn.
A male feminist walks into a bar, because it was set so low...
Despite the pans worn out, I won't buy new ones. There are no puns intended.
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
My mum told me my spaghetti car would never work, but you should've seen her face when I drove pasta
Einstein's spacetime doesn't exist!
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
My crush got friendzoned after she friendzoned me!
Marriage is really tough because you have to deal with feelings... and lawyers..
For Sale: Parachute. Only used once, never opened, small stain
Probably the worst thing you can hear when youre wearing a bikini is Good for you!
/r/oneliners is a trending subreddit!
I grew a beard thinking it would say "Distinguished Gentleman." Instead, turns out it says, "Senior Discount, Please!"
My receding hairline and I go way back
People who live in glass tea houses shouldn't throw scones.
A conference call is the best way for a dozen people to say bye 300 times...
I think sleeping dogs should have to tell the truth.
I'm opening a pet salon called Doggy Style.
They say you are what you eat, but I don't remember eating a 21 year old man
I can't stand sitting.
I`ve be Stung By A Bee! Cant believe I paid $180 for a jar of honey!
If you shoot mime, should you use a silencer?
My recliner and I go way back.
THEY NEED THE SPOTLIGHT THEY ARE CRAZYY!!
Music in the 80s is pleasurable, as long as you aren't deaf.
Sharon is Karen
If you think you have a hard existence, just imagine all the pistachio seeds with claustrophobia.
The doctor gave me 5 months to live..
I always dream of being a millionaire like my uncle!... He's dreaming too.
I hope no one is allergic to nuts because I like to rest mine on the table.
Snakes are just tails with faces.
My friend said that I should get a sex change, since I've got the balls to do it.
Praying for Sin City
Moses had the first tablet that could connect to the cloud
The invention of the shovel was groundbreaking.
My girlfriend is pissed after I showed up at her house with D&amp;D books and dice; I misunderstood when she said she wanted to role play.
I heard the Jason Aldean concert in Vegas was really mind-blowing!
Remember, no Russian
Life is not a fairy tale, if you lose your shoe at midnight you're drunk!
what's the similarity between skydiving and cunnilingus? the AIR... (and the view, of course)
Water makes me wet.
sports
Accordion to a recent survey, replacing words with the names of musical instruments in a sentence, often goes undetected.
I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
Badbye
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.. if you throw it hard enough.
I never make mistakesI thought I did once; but I was wrong.
NSFW If my aunt...
The mathematician once had constipation, but he used his pencil and worked it out.
Eating clocks is time consuming.
Stop trying to make felch happen!
If a tree falls in the forest and nobody hears it, then my illegal logging business is a success.
My 62nd birthday was very short. It was only a minute long.
For some people, getting aroused is really hard.
You are what you eat so I ate a 20 year old Supermodel this morning for breakfast. I can't tell you who but I was still hungry.
Who decided to call it "marijuana possession" and not "joint custody?"
Skylights: Trepanning, for houses
Sometimes I fart so bad I start to worry about my carbon footprint.
In my day, no one ever complained about nostalgia.
If you cut down a sleepy tree, is it slumber?
People tell me I'm wasteful, but I'm built like a stick figure.
Vacations sure are trippy.
It takes balls to have a sex operation
Being a vegetarian is a missed steak.
Sleeping comes so natural to me that I can do it with my eyes closed.
I think the expression Its a small world is really a euphemism for I keep running into people I cant stand.
I am mad about bicycles, whenever I see one I go totally cycle.
I'm going out with a tall, thin redhead tonight, that I met on Match.com.
They say cow manure comes from males but that's bullshit.
Moses was the first one to download from the cloud to his tablet.
My puns are so bad, it's a punishment.
My wife asked me to hand her some lip gloss earlier, but I mistakenly gave her super glue; she hasn't spoken to me since.
My wife asked me to hand her some lip gloss earlier, but I mistakenly gave her Super Glue; she hasn't spoken to me since.
Two blondes walk into a bar, the redhead ducks...
Ive never caught a sea mammal. My life is without porpoise
I was going to tell a finance joke, but then again, it would bear no interest to you.
Why not try being minimalist, I mean, it's the least you can do...
Parking a single car doesnt need much space, but parking 200 cars, now that needs a lot...
I'm not one for blanket statements but all comforters are the same.
A rapist in the hand is better than two in the bush.
I find gasping inspirational.
My nuts were shot off in the Battle of Midway.
I would give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
I told my teacher I'm more of a hands on learner, she kicked me out of Sex Ed.
My clothes have hidden creases because I didn't have my iron them
I asked the German philosopher what sex would be if we removed fear, he told me the answer was zwei.
I tried suing someone for stealing my basketball...but it got thrown out of court.
The computer doesn't care how beautiful your code is, and only a finished project runs.
I'm just not convinced I'm as skeptical as people say.
Time flies like wind, fruit flies like banana
2 deer walk out of a gay bar. One turns to the other and says, "I can't believe I just blew 30 bucks in there!"
I'm in a dark place. I should replace that light bulb.
Who called it water breaking and not push notification?
No Brag... Just Fact If there is Booger on the Blanket I will Find It
My band's name is 999meg, we can't get a gig.
Lost my voice but I'll say nothing about that
I'm in a pirate themed band, and we can't stop writing hooks
Melania Trump probably calls the presidential water bed the Dead Sea.
I married Miss Right, but I didn't know her first name was Always.
Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity.
I may not be the sharpest tool in the shed, but that's only because I work the hardest
If all employers fired people for marijuana use, there'd be a "high" unemployment rate.
I met a family of anorexic agoraphobics. I reckon they have a few skeletons in their closet.
Aborting is for babies
I was sick of my divorced dad sleeping with drugged hookers every night, so I told him: "Get off your high whores!"
My deaf friend kept trying to tell me my wife was cheating on me, but I didn't see the signs.
I like how the word dog is a palindrome
Bruce Forsyth, strictly done dancing.
The tattoo artist had designs on her client.
If you say "gullible" really slowly, it sounds like lemons...
If you're here for the yodeling lesson, please form an orderly orderly orderly orderly queue...
I've started an AA group, anonymous alcoholics, we just meet up in masks and get smashed.
Who is Suicide and why does he keep getting murdered?
People with Mesothelioma live asbestos they can.
News at 11: Corduroy pillows make headlines!
The new phallic pen draws criticism.
I took a positive thinking course, I hated it.
I asked an atheist to tell me his favourite oxymoron; he said: "Good God!"
You had me at pint no.17.
I'm into fitness, fit'ness burger in my mouth!
I can't stand sitting at the bar.
You are unique, just like everyone else.
Do pumpkin-spice addicts need pumpkin patches?
Do not open e-mail from Hormel Foods - it could be spam.
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner, because it is just collecting dust.
My girlfriend and I often laugh about how competitive we are. But I laugh more.
Plumbers put their caulk where the shitter is, but painters put their caulk in all the holes.
I decided to cross the road, not because I'm brave, but because I'm chicken.
I believed in cryogenics before it was cool.
I never got to know what "autodidact" means as no one ever taught me.
If we can make time, take time, and share our time, then why do I always run out of it?
If we can make time, take time, and share our time, then why am I always run out of it?
When a bar owner is purchasing seating, does he look at stool samples?
Its not nice making fun of fat people. Theyve got enough on their plates as it is.
Becoming a vegetarian is a big missed steak.
I procrastinate a lot so I need a woman with no lollygag reflex.
Relationship goals
My three favorite things are eating my family and not using commas.
Only 2 kinds of people shop at the dollar store: trashy people and me.
What if ...soy milk is really just milk introducing itself in Spanish
'War Crimes'
I hate to say it, but the paintings I have made have really put me up against the wall.
Learning how to use a clutch really grinds my gears.
When I finally bought my last collector's item, I was all set.
I thought I was pretty current when I broke the light speed barrier, but apparently, that's for another time.
My water inlet is a child and my baby is a water inlet!
My midget butcher folded under the preassure of getting me some beef from the top shelf, the steaks were too high
Remember, kids, nice guys might finish last, but their wives get to finish multiple times.
My girlfriend was pissed when I didn't acknowledge her leaving, but I told her I had waived goodbye.
Though I didn't like it at first, this tumor is really growing on me.
Since I used two different vehicles to race in NASCAR, you could say that I'm bi-racial.
If even the inspector says "Pass" on a restaurant, why should I try it?
If high heels ever fell out of style, it would be a big letdown.
Modern prosthetics are amazing, but there'll always be a place in my heart for the humble pacemaker
I tried to change my password to beefstew1 but it wasn't stroganoff
I bought a pistol from a T-Rex, I guess you could say he was a small arms dealer
People who say they have to poop are full of shit.
I tried to write a song about tortillas but it came out more of a wrap.
Iron Man is technically a FEmale.
My neighbour's a renowned abductor; there's a sign outside his house that says: "Trespassing Permitted".
I like to think that the beep on a life support machine is actually a censoring of my heart saying "fuck".
Is someone who eats too much gluten a gluten glutton?
When it comes to the limbo, I'm raising the bar.
It's hard to classify a cannibal who only eats vegetables.
I asked the clown if she could turn my penis into a balloon animal, but she said it was too hard.
Since Latin is a dead language, I expect it would be pretty useful in a zombie apocalypse.
If you go to a supermarket in Beijing, you will see a lot of Chinese checkers.
I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
I'm gonna give you an analysis pounding, without the "ysis"
There are 10 kind of people. Those who know binary, and those who dont
What happens in the paralysis ward...
Have you seen the movie "Constipation?" Probably not, cuz it didn't come out yet.
Have you heard of this obscure film covering the human eye called "Glaucoma"?
Einsteins Law states, The best way to get the right answer on the Internet is not to ask a question, its to post the wrong answer.
Isn't gallows humour just puppetry?
I drank coffee before it was cool.
I turned my microwave into a fire oven, and all I used was a fork.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be
A small crowd of pretty ugly oxymorons went to a soft rock concert.
I told my wife earlier this morning that she drew her eyebrows too high; she seemed surprised.
I stayed at the Wynn Resorts but ended up losing all my money
Its good to stop using drugs, but you cant stop unless you start, so you should start using drugs.
I ignored her safe word; that's what she gets for calling me dom.
In the beginning there was nothing then after 10 minutes they stopped for a commercial break.
Death only comes for us once, which probably explains why he's such a frigid lover.
Grindr isn't an app for ordering hot meatball sandwiches, but it did help me find a sub
Fathers are like boomerangs.... I hope
There was a mix of Asian, Black, Hispanic, and Indian guys in the gym showers today. I guess you could call it an ethnic cleansing.
Sometimes, I put my hands on the floor, tuck my head towards my chest and lean forward......that's how I roll.
My friend Francine told me she got a sex change, to be Frank.
My mate used to take two bags to school with him.............he was bi-satchel. (self.oneliners)
If you think a dog is a man's best friend, you've probably never played with a pussy.
I'm not like most guys- most guys are Chinese.
I'm thankful for narcissists... we're so awesome.
I quit my job at the helium gas factory, I refuse to be spoken to in that tone.
I'm not a fan of the new pound coin, but then again, I hate all change.
If you dont know what introspection is, you need to take a long, hard look at yourself.
Hey, if anyone knows how to fix some broken hinges, my doors always open.
I love Snapchat. I could talk about classic card games all day.
As a kid i was made to walk the plank.....we couldn't afford a dog.
I invented tipp-ex....correct me if i'm wrong.
My parents got really angry this year when I gave up God for Lent
Every disco is a silent disco when you're deaf.
I drank coffee before it got cool.
Hemorrhoids are a real pain in the ass.
Be nice to your Realtor, he knows where you live.
People purchase 1000$ louis vouiton bag to carry change, cards and inferiority complex!
I used to be a member of the secret cooking society but they kicked me out for spilling the beans.
I used to be a member of the secret cooking society but I was kicked out for spilling the beans.
The difference between a theist and atheist is an empty space.
I went from 0 to 50 in half a century.
People that refuse to make things easier to understand are, in Layman's terms, Rhadamanthine.
Brains are required for neurosurgery.
Who messed with my crime lab? Everything's autopsy-turvy.
I'm holding a party tonight for people who can't reach orgasm.
I'm having trouble marketing my portable children's bed for some reason; I really thought the Kid Napper was a winning idea.
I am starting a talk show about nihilism called Nothing Matters.
You consider yourself well-informed, but you're just suckling at the tweets of the celebrity elite.
Child porn is for disrespectful wankers.
My girlfriend thinks I am incapable of being faithful but my wife never mentions it.
I'll go the whole eight yards to prove I'm not lazy.
The past, the present and the future all walk into a bar. It was tense.
There are four vowels and four consonants in "equality".
Clocks are time machines.
My lawsuit against the prosthetics supplier got thrown out  the Judge said I didnt have a leg to stand on.
I can make any woman laugh out loud, by dropping my pants
"Knowledge is power" - Unknown
Here's A Great Pick Up Line
I might be dating myself here, but a solo night in watching "The Breakfast Club" sounds great to me.
You'll always find an ox playing tic-tac-toe.
Walking with my deformity isn't difficult, you just have to put one foot in front of the other two.
Nipple, that's the point.
I usually meet my girlfriend at 12:59 because I like that one-to-one time.
I've had amnesia for as long as I can't remember
The most accurate fortune cookie would say "You're about to eat two halves of a fortune cookie."
Verbs are always intense.
Auctioneers are forbidden.
The best thing about surprise Hitler puns is that you do Nazi them coming.
Staying in the basement while Hurricane Irma passed through left me feeling under the weather. 
Oysters have always been on my shuck-it list.
I'd like to change my last name to "Understood" and then have a daughter just so she can be "Miss Understood".
I wont be shaving this November, in order to raise awareness for how lazy I am.
My wife told me that "Sex is better on holiday". It wasn't a very nice thing to read on the postcard
Beginning to think I have back problems; just a hunch
Cashing my paycheck really makes cents
Is writing 3 sentences in oneline considered as Oneliners?!
Oneliner
This whole time everyone thought Ted Cruz was the Zodiac Killer, but it turns out the only thing he was choking was his chicken
I was going to join the Apathy league but couldn't be bothered
I've applied to Cliffhanger-Appreciation Club, but they told me to join them next week to find out if I'm in.
In the beginning, there was nothing. Then the God says "let there be light". There was still nothing, but now you can see it.
I told the drug dealer at school today to kush me ousside
After my dad started stealing watches, I wouldn't give him the time of day.
There's a fine line between hyphenated words
Did you hear Quasimodos laptop got stolen - luckily he had a back-up.
I couldn't believe it when they called me "sceptical".
No matter how nice you are, German children will always be Kinder.
Quasimodo is rather spineless.
Gambling has brought my family much closer, we had to move to a smaller house.
I've arranged all my OCD DVDs in which one smells the best order.
Is it crazy how saying sentences backwards creates backwards sentences saying how crazy it is?
There is absolutely nothing worse than ironic hyperbole
Two clowns are eating a cannibal, when one turns to the other and says, "I think we're doing this joke wrong"
They teased me about being a vampire but I didn't bite.
I once had a mink... but somebody stole it.
Illiterate people are so...what's the word?
Ventriloquists must learn to speak for themselves.
I won't let my competitive side get the better of me.
So the other day, my friend said "What rhymes with orange". I thought for a minute before replying "No it doesn't"
The frustrations of auto-carrot.
As a scarecrow, people say I am outstanding in the field, but hay, it's in my jeans!
My property would look better if i did as much edging outside as i do inside.
People think I tease my hair because it always looks pissed off.
Sticks and stones can break my bones but words will never hurt me..until I fell into a printing press.
As a Scarecrow, people say I'm outstanding in my field.
One liner jokes
My teacher said me had bad grammar
Bris puns? Mo-HELL no!
Whoever named them 'missiles' wasn't being very optimistic.
today my cat got ahold of my cell phone and asked "can you hear meow?"
I saw a documentary on how ships are kept together; It was riveting.
I know a guy who wipes before he poops, he really needs to get his shit in order.
I'm so happy I found some anti-matter I can't contain it.
It's unclear if I misspelled nuclear
If a tree falls in the forest and nobody hears, my illegal logging business is a success.
My wife gave me a blow job, ten more balloons and I'll be done.
Safe driving is no accident
I heard Bruce Willis is trying to OD on Viagra; apparently he wants to die hard.
What is Mind? No matter - What is Matter? Never mind
When I met an estate agent who didnt know the abbreviation for apartment I thought, thats apt
I know an amateur poker player who's pro-ante but anti-pro.
Celestial mechanics really makes my day.
A baby seal walks into an eskimo club
I had a ploughman's lunch today he was really pissed off.
The universe is pretty cruel, because it makes light of what doesn't matter
I don't know where I would be today if it wasn't for gravity.
Where would we be without gravity?
I'm curious about that library book so I'll go check it out.
What has 4 letters, sometimes 9 letters, and never has 5 letters. It is not really question to me.
I just finished writing my first play, a comedy about a steak becoming hamburger. It turned into a bit of a farce.
How many beers do you need for Category 5 hurricane ? 747, fly the fuck out!!!
How many beers you need for Category 5 hurricane irma? 747!!!
What did the dad say to his son before he got in the car? 'Son. Get in the car?'
I've got some exciting things lined up on my YouTube fitness account; I'm doing a neck reveal soon.
Time flies like an arrow and fruit flies like a banana
when you start rubbing your eye and you hit the G spot.
Time flies like an arrow and fruit flies like a banana
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
I'm trying to find another word for jailbreak but it escapes me.
If you eat pasta and antipasto the calories cancel each other out.
I don't know where I would be without my compass.
No matter how kind you are, German children are definitely kinder.
[Here are ten things I hate about clickbait. Number four will shock you!] (https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
Answer phone message "....If you want to buy marijuana, press the hash key...."
My father was happy when he had his summer clothes; but recently he's been rather out of shorts.
The primary purpose of your pinky toe is to periodically check if your furniture is still hard.
I went to a conference on infidelity and it was wife-changing.
With these polka-dot-tartan-paisley bed sheets I've gotten myself into a weird sleeping pattern.
I tried making a sculpture but it was a bust.
Order in the court the judge lost his tarantula
Democracy is suicidal in how people can vote to give up their rights and make future voting ineffective
In my town the shop that sells mirrors is closing down, which is a shock because every time I've been in there it's been really busy.
My sweet tooth is so much nicer than my other teeth.
Impotence during group sex effects 1 in 4.
Nothing says value like a Where's Wally book with no Wally in it.
Government is like an ice cube offered to cool your wound - but the ice cube is frozen acid
My doctor told me to drink two glasses of red wine after a hot bath but I can't even finish drinking the hot bath.
My girlfriend paints her nails regularly in just one of the many rust prevention strategies she employs.
I'm selling all my fishing equipment but I can't figure out what is the net worth.
I'm a clumsy heterosexual with a low IQ. In other words I'm straight trippin' fool.
Most currency exchange rates are pretty insane. Even the Canadian dollar is a little loonie.
I wonder if it's rude for a deaf person to talk with food in their hands.
My father did enjoy his office job, but writing religious songs was the making of hymn.
My father always told me to aim for the sky; he liked to state the obvious when we were pigeon shooting.
I wanted to make a joke about cement, but I wasn't concrete about it.
Even if you think you have nothing to worry about, you can still die from a heart attack from worrying too much, and thats a serious thing to start worrying about
Say what you want about deaf people...
Did anyone else miss the memo about yesterday being National Awareness Day?
I won't stand up for ugly women.
I don't understand irregular plurals and neither do my childs.
***PUN THREAD*** the sea! Oh bouy here we go.
I found out about the overfishing of oysters and muscles. How shellfish.
A Dyslexic Man walks into a Bra
All my clothes have holes in them, which is just as well or I'd never get my limbs in.
So I farted in an apple store and everyone got mad so I said: too bad they don't have windows
Been reading up on the Thesaurus lately because a mind is a terrible thing to garbage.
10 years ago, if I could look into the future and see who I am today, I'd say, "WHAT IS THIS MAGIC SORCERY?! AM I IN THE FUTURE?!"
It would be hard to replace any of the characters in Love Actually, I can't de-nighy
Her dying regret was never having any regrets.
Oxymorons are clearly misunderstood.
I tried to sue the airport for losing my luggage, but I lost the case.
Cleavage is like the sun. You can look, but dont stare.. Unless youre wearing sunglasses.
I know I'm getting old because I worry when I feel too &lt;i&gt;good&lt;/i&gt;.
Theres many bathroom scenes in Star Trek but they look like any other scene cuz its done by transporter while they work
I told my boss I work well under pressure cuz I'm so good at hiding the bodies of people who put too much pressure on me
I tried riding a wave, but my friend told me to get off his hand.
I went to the bar and got a White Russian; she was friendly but bad in bed.
I spent my whole life looking for answers, and you gave them to me; thanks, Google.
My girlfriend said I am not funny.She said do something unexpected. So I slapped her. It was so funny she started crying.
Do gay Nazis like Hungarians?
I'm an undercover cop; I'm also bad at my job.
I'm superior to many people because I don't make stupid comparisons.
A hurdler's journey to success is full of obstacles.
Peter Pan jokes never get old.
A client I was supposed to drive for cancelled, now I've nothing to chauffeur my preparation.
My wife is irreplaceable, unless you're using a crane.
I haven't seen so much water covering Houston since Whitney.
Order in the Court! Order in the court--what toppings do you want on the pizza?
with great power comes great current squared times resistance.
Queefing is just like the vagina doing beatboxing..
I put a bid on a hot air balloon but it just went up
I'm addicted to travel but I'm on the road to recovery.
My biggest fear is getting into a confrontation with a gang of cross-eyed persons when they back me into a corner... But nobody is looking at me.
The flooding in Houston remains a fluid situation.
If Taylor swift married Taylor Lautner, would they both be Taylor Lautner?
Taylor Swift's new music video isn't generic at all. It's completely Taylor-made.
Hotel policy says when renting a restroom to rest in a bed, please do not use the restroom for the other thing.
Finally the police brought in the lie detector: my mother.
The past, present, and future walked into a bar. It was tense.
You can't plant flowers if you haven't botany
When you live every day like its your last, the maximum prison time for anything is 1 day.
A halfling philosopher: Ma'hobbit Ghandi
Lecture's comment about a student: 'she's been on more courses then Red Rum'
Making a mockery of my dyslexia will come back and bite you in the ears.
Technically, the condition of any mirror you buy is "used".
Going to a Foot Locker at the mall isn't as scary as going to one in a morgue.
People keep telling me that I should be prouder of my achievements, but I'm not one to humblebrag.
I once had a business selling origami art  it folded.
I was going to bring you a joke anyone can understand, but I couldn't get it
I used to be fat all over but it's all behind me now.
I invented the stopwatch and that was my 15.459 minutes of fame.
Space's identity is inherently, is actively, and is progressively value to itself, a system, and as identity is....
I keep a potato masher in the drawer because sometimes it is fun not to be able to open that drawer.
The word "inadequate" doesn't have enough consonants for my liking.
An Insane Asylum is also a Postal Address.
The Moon does a great job of saving our planet by making even the most polluted sea is tidy.
Without assholes, shit would never get done.
Damn, girl.
Does every millennial get a trophy wife?
I need an insensitive joke to tell my deaf friend. Preferably one he's never heard.
Delleps is spelled backwards
Whenever I see a woman driving a big truck I think "damn...she must have a tiny clitoris".
Yesterday a girl asked me for sex, I had to disspoint her...we had sex.
I guess my job has rules on what farewells we can use, they're called the bye laws.
The insecure General was all about indecisive victories.
I would tell you a joke about UDP but you might not get it.
gghhh
I hit my head, now I have a hairline fracture.
Don't touch! - Scariest thing to read in Braille. (from /r/showerthoughts)
Hiya! ...The Greeting, Not The Karate Noise
Talking behind my back puts you in position to kiss my ass.
The word "Emaseht" is spelt the same backwards.
You need a massive thing between your legs to be a pole vaulter.
Today, I broke my record for most consecutive days lived.
I can tell when the aliens in movies aren't actually aliens every single time
If a musician plays baseball and they strike someone out, does that mean they have the perfect pitch?
I'm dyslexic, so I can only recognize decaf when it's faced backwards
Start each day with a positive thought like, "I can go back to bed in about 17 short hours."
Memories of you make me look forward to Alzheimers.
My high school crush phoned me the other day and said "Come on over, there's nobody home." I went over and true enough nobody was home.
Undertakers love deadlifting.
Is a rich undertaker a high urner?
Mario never got potassium poisoning because he avoided bananas at all costs.
My favourite thing is change, and it was my favourite thing last year too.
My phone battery is low, but how do I cheer it up?
I think it's cool how shoes grow on power lines in poor neighborhoods
WHY DUN CALL BUM AN "ASS"!?
When I couldn't pay, the cobbler said "shoo," which I replied "I'm broke, not dumb."
In my experience, nude models are always overdrawn.
I've been held back in math class more times than I can count
Pendulums are sexually experimental, as they go both ways.
Double vision is increasingly common. Double vision is increasingly common.
The waiter thought he'd seen something rare, but he didn't know what the dinosaur.
Making eye contact with people is the most important thing about working at a vision lense factory
I'm a little short on breath, because it has been a long day and I've been breathing all the time.
I tried eating vegan once... She tasted like chicken.
Vegans think people that sell meat are disgusting, but people that sell fruit and veg are grocer.
Im not a fan of the new pound coin, but then again, I hate all change.
They say America's been eclipsed, but so much of the news is about other countries these days I couldn't really say
You cannot run in the campsite, you can only ran! because its past tents.
The inventor of autocorrect went from zero to hero in seconds.
the rich man rolled in mud but failed to become filthy rich
If god had wanted man to read he would have given man a book instead of saying the words to man who wrote it in a book
I'm great in bed, I can fall asleep in minutes.
cult-ure is like man-ure. They're both what comes out instead of what goes in
The only thing I hate more than people with pets, are people with strong opinions.
When you're talking to the heavens it's important to speak up.
The creator of The Human Centipede took Connect Four a bit too seriously.
I like to steer away from road animals.
Waking up this morning was an eye-opening experience.
Lesbians love to eat-out.
Over a dog's life Spaniel learn many puns.
Lazy people need to get their arse in gear, whereas smugglers need to get their gear in arse.
The eclipse, eh.. one star
You can get your asshole bleached and just tell people you changed your ringtone.
I've been learning to guess the weight of dogs and managed to pick up a couple of pointers yesterday.
If at first you dont succeed, dont practise circumcision.
Nomatter how strong your faith, the light of god still causes cancer like any other radiation
Anyone wanna be my blind date for the eclipse tomorrow?
Two sausages in a frying pan; one says, "Blimey, it's hot in here," and the other replies, "ARGH! A TALKING SAUSAGE!!"
Two barbecue inventors met on the highway for a burn off.
I knew how to relieve my itchiness from scratch.
One cannibal says to the other " Damn ,this clown sure taste funny . "
I am 6 feet and 10 inches. Those are two different measurements BTW
Form is temporary, class is permanent. -Morning motivation from Amoeba.
I told my wife I'd stop cheating, so I no longer use the carpool lane to get to the brothel after work
I'm having trouble balancing my work life and, um, what's that other thing?
I'm banned from all my local pubs; I'm not a very good barman.
I don't like policemen, they're always looking for trouble.
My goldfish died and I only got to take him on one walk.
I had a dream I was having sex, but then I came to.
The idea of unsalted almonds is just plain nuts
Say what you will about Elon Musk, but with his plan to bring people to mars there's never been a more creative serial killer.
Well, if we have to vote on the best farm equipment to tell you the height of an angle, I'm protractor.
Ooooh...I thought the riots were concerning those statue street performers.
Conspirators are the best interior designers, since it's an inside job.
My car was giving me trouble so I parked it on the corner.
Met a Moroccan Magician once that could pull a Rabat out of a hat.
Hear about the getaway driver from Senegal? Gethin Dakar.
Tried to find "extinction" in the dictionary, but there's no such thing.
A penny for your two cents?
Kentucky Freud Chicken - Muthafukin Good
My sex therapist is so fucking frigid!!!
I'll start marking my calendar one of these days.
Does a train with no boiler pressure have low self-esteam?
It takes budding entrepreneurs to start a marijuana company
I wanted to set up a medical marijuana company by myself, but quickly realized that it would have to be a joint venture.
I bought a fountain pen and now my notepad is drenched.
It takes time for a clock to work properly.
SALE: 98% off on our book called "Shifting Stock."
MAKE IDIOCY THE SAME AS EVER
All types of thieves are bad, but bakery robbers really take the cake.
"I can still enjoy sex at 74 - I live at 75, so it's no distance."
"I can still enjoy sex at 74 - I live at 75, so it's no distance." "I can still enjoy sex at 74 - I live at 75, so it's no distance." I can still enjoy sex at 74 - I live at 75, so it's no distance
All in favor to send psychology majors to North Korea to help King Kong Jon say "aye."
If I could describe myself with one word, it would be "rule breaker."
My wife told me she wanted to work for the Stalker helpline, so I said, "I'm right behind you."
I've been trying to tell people that the origin of racism isn't so black and white
When it comes to work, you should probably get your head down; unless you're a male porn star.
Apparently, neo Nazis have forgotten how powerful the Jews really are. Nine days from today, as a small reminder, we will blot out the sun.
A Freudian slip is when you say one thing, but mean your mother.
Whenever I see a dwarf, I want to yell at them "I love you on Game of Thrones!"
The only thing I know about Catholic Churches
Bouncers won't stand for nothing.
Im quite fondue of Swiss cuisine.
I advise you to ignore unsolicited guidance.
I saw two Mexicans playing basketball in a game of Juan on Juan.
Never take swimming lessons from a guy named Jesus, he'll just skim over it
I went on a positive thinking course - it was shit.
I was told an apple a day keeps the doctor away, but he keeps coming back no matter how many iPads I give him.
Children's minds are like sponges, which explains why teens have such dirty thoughts.
I couldn't stop sniffing Tipp-ex, so I've booked myself into a correction centre.
Vegetarians are super friendly: they never have beef with you.
One time I took a shower on LSD; I never gave it back.
Hold your horses! Remain stable!
Eco-friendly comedians recycle jokes.
A morning kiss makes my whole day and anal makes my hole weak..
If resolutions worked in the first place, we'd just call them "solutions."
Sydney Opera House is off quay.
Donald Trumps Favorite Shape,"Decagon...many sides"
Instagram models are just Canon fodder.
You know who doesn't appreciate it when you kick a habit, nuns.
Welcome to /r/Oneliners!
Welcome to /r/oneliners!
I would shave off my moustache but it's really growing on me
Proofreaders are often agressive.
I chose to ignore my doctor when he told me I've got selective hearing.
A bearded lady fires a midget out of a cannon into an elephant, freak accident.
I was a little wary about ordering something online for the first time, but I have to say they really delivered.
The 5 second rule does not apply when you have a 2 second dog. 
I trust government to tax fairly like I trust any other monopoly's prices to be fair
The white board in my apartment is underneath a bowl of fake lemons, so I often leave sub-lemon-bowl messages for my girlfriend on it.
The first letter in "Hurdle" looks like a hurdle.
I bought some fake tan, this is my time to shine.
I wrote a joke about an inexperienced woman giving a blowjob, but it didn't go down well.
They say the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results, but I keep looking it up in my dictionary and it's not true...
You know its weekend in Germany when you are stuck behind a convoy of campervans
You know its weekend in Germany when you are stuck behind a convoy of campervans
You know its weekend in Germany when you are stuck behind a convoy of campervans
Its so cloudy in UK that even sunflowers are confused
As a prostitute, it's important to value yourself.
What Has 4 Letters
I accidentally sent a dick pic to everyone in my address book; not only was it highly embarrassing, but it cost me a fortune in stamps.
Poor doctor tried to deliver the baby, but ran out of stamps.
100% of all divorces start with marriage.
My favorite element is helium I just can't speak highly enough.
My eye make up not only looks good but it tastes like a lovely curry, chicken tikka mascara.
He self proclaimed himself to be the greatest sexual athlete just because without fail , he always comes first .
I'm gonna create a database at work, name it the Multi-Year Analysis of Statewide Statistics, and just wait for people to ask me where I got my numbers.
I bought a budgie yesterday, it was going cheap!
Sieves have a draining job.
My lungs will expire soon.
My parents told me not to run with scissors, but never explained how the scissors got legs.
The Polish Space Program has announced that their trip to the sun will be at night to avoid the heat.
Laser saws are cutting edge technology.
"fire and fury like the world has never seen" reminds me of my last bowel movement.
Well if you don't think I'm a nosy bastard why did you write it in your diary?
Sharks have a way of turning today's friend into tomorrow's chum
If love is a battlefield then marriage is its POW camp.
Yo mamma so fat, she has to pay to use the weighing scale.
I bought a bad thesaurus at a yard sale and it was bad, bad, and bad.
People said I was a sicko because I wore my wife's stockings..... On my head... In the bank!
I've decided to start panhandling, for a change.
Doctor Frankenstein would be really confused if he showed up at a body building competition.
My wife just found out I replaced our bed with a trampoline; she hit the roof.
In Spain, a man's home is his casa.
I was thinking the world would be better off without idiots. But then I realized my food is really stupid. Thats why its my food. I'd have nothing to eat.
Nerves of steel, heart of gold, knob of butter
"Anal?" is such an open ended question.
Why oh why oh why oh why do I have such trouble spelling "yo-yo"?
I would have learned to juggle but didn't have the balls for it
Is there an idiot's guide to low self esteem?
An analog clock without hands is a timeless investment.
Trump: "Presidency is like golfing, ..."
a guy at a party is thirsty for punch and he walks into the punchline
I missed the seminar on premature ejaculation - it finished early.
The taste of Soylent Green varies from person to person
Liposuction can take a lot out of you.
capitalization sucks.
Dating for fun is like sharpening an eraser, you're missing the point.
Theres no I in blind.
Mines are sweeping across the field
This week's meeting of The Clairvoyants Society has been canceled due to unforeseen circumstances.
I have sleepless nights trying to remember the difference between insomnia and amnesia.
When I heard you could donate your sperm by post I came in a jiffy!
My girlfriend is is either stimulating me with her key-ring or she's just fobbing me off.
R/oneliners
"Indecisive" is my favourite word, actually no it isn't.
Historic research has found evidence that Don Quichote was in cahoots with big oil and the coal industry.
Did you hear about the guy that stuck a bunch of grapes up his bum?
Water, that's what floats my boat!
Nothing lasts forever or till its filled with something
Get fired from the proctology lab because I didn't know shit.
Sorry I can't pay rent this month because I bought 3 avocados from Whole Foods.
I aim to please. Unless I'm on sniper duty.
You cant handle an automatic door
I had a hand in the invention of gloves.
My wife has invented mirrored balloons. I can see them blowing up in her face!
I hate peer pressure and you should too
No parent should ever have to bury their child. That's what you pay gravediggers for.
Pizza makes the world go round.
My girlfriend can't fight, but you should see her box.
Sports are the gayest thing ever
I thought I understood the meaning of "When Pigs Fly" but then... the swine flu.
I was at an ATM and this old lady asked me to help check her balance, so I pushed her over.
I've spent the past four years looking for my ex-girlfriend's killer, but no one will do it.
My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the local zoo.
There is a TV on eBay for $10.00, the volume slider is broke, but for that price I can't turn it down.
Words cannot express...
I've written a book about deception and I'll start it tomorrow.
If a deaf person goes to a silent disco does their condition cancel it?
The psyched incontinent man could barely contain his excrement.
Spoiler alert! The milk has been in the fridge for three weeks.
A guy walked into a bar, it hurt
Is the chemical symbol for holy water H2Omg?
Between me and you there's lots of words in the dictionary.
Plateaus are the highest form of flattery.
The nails wouldn't hold the boards in place, so I said, "screw it".
A man who stands on kitchenware is high on pot.
Will glass coffins be a success? Remains to be seen.
The way the Earth rotates on its axis really makes my day.
Pedophiles are fucking immature assholes
After jumpstarting my friend's car, I removed the cables and said there'd be no extra charge.
I have a hot and cold relationship with my thermometer.
"Don't knock it until you've tried it," said the door salesman.
My pal froze him self below 0, he turned out to be 0K
I'm a little short on midget jokes
I don't do clichs. They're two a penny.
Bread is really good on toast.
Entered an alopecia contest, I won by a hair.
Patrick should be the star of SpongeBob Squarepants.
I just quit my job at the helium bottling plant and I refuse to be spoken to in that tone!
It's rare to hear a well done steak joke these days
A glory hole was found a nudist camp, but the police have already started looking into it.
Prince Charles is an eerie guy.
I have news for you eavesdroppers, listen carefully.
Acronyms have no use IMHO.
I wonder how things worked out for that guy who grabbed the bull by the horns.
A bacon burger is pig meat. A ham burger is cow meat, even though ham means pig. Unfortunately, and we at Alien Burger deeply apologize to all our Earth customers, beef burger is made of Human meat as we thought that was your naming custom.
I never finish what I star
I've got a bad habit of revealing my flaws to strangers.
Acute constipation just doesn't let shit go.
hotter than
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
A jump cable walks into a bar, the bartender says, "I'll serve you, but don't start anything."
I was addicted to soap. I'm clean now.
I've just seen a three legged bird. Must be one of those stool pigeons.
Life is too short to read an entire-
I haven't put a thermometer near my scrotum recently but I'm pretty sure its hot as balls
5 double entendres took a math test, how many passed? No pun in ten did
Why is it only ever skeletons that go to get their X-rays done?
Tea is for mugs
I'm from a small town so I used to be white trash but now I live in the city and consider myself to be very recyclable.
Mbius strips are endless fun.
Do you believe in "Dear Applicant, we regret to inform you.." at first sight or should i walk by again?
I collect fag ends because I'm a butt man.
Watch out! Boxings a bout.
an idiot can honestly say "I did not choose to be a genius so get off my back"
I'm so lazy i'll procrastinate later
I am so ugly that when stuck my head out the window I got arrested for mooning!
Ferris wheels are revolutionary.
I'm so conservative, I won't even use Progressive insurance.
You may think I quit my job, but I actually fired my employer who is no longer allowed to work with me
I don't understand speech bubbles, they go right over my head.
Gay recluse finally comes out.
I Never Knew Your Stepdad, Until I Married Your Mother
The liposuction Dr's patience are wearing thin.
Sometimes I use big words that I don't understand so that I can sound more photosynthesis
If I'm stuck in a traffic jam angers me more than if you live or die, cuz you are just a statistic that I already got mad about last year
Life is like a box of chocolates: short-lived if you're morbidly obese.
I was never in the Boy Scouts as a kid, but I did eat a Brownie once.
Kids shouldn't smoke... If you make a big enough fire.
Despite the flat geography of The Netherlands, Amsterdam is the highest capital city in Europe.
My father threw me in the pool to teach me to swim, once I got the chains off the swimming was easy.
I wrote this joke about a hipster, but he laughed before it was funny.
Hockey players shower after three periods, unlike your mother.
I thought I knew the deceased camponologist, but he was just a dead ringer.
I thought I knew the dead camponologist, but it was just a dead ringer.
I've been learning how to lift weights, but it's not easy to pick up.
As a kleptomaniac, I hate hearing jokes because I always take them literally.
Raw foodists do it for health, but some foods are healthier after being heated - I'm ironing the savory.
I can't ever make enough money with comedy; my jokes keep killing but I have to keep buying more sheds.
I know an old woman who says she gave Albert Einstein a handjob. What a stroke of genius.
I'm writing a self-help book but I need someone to market it for me.
I tried eating a clock the other day. It's really time consuming.
I realized what bothers me about the whole gender name debate. After 13 years of public education, it took a bunch of upset transsexuals to teach me what a pronoun is.
I've bent over backwards trying to teach people how to limbo.
My favorite soccer team is Fly Emirates.
What do you call it when sheep don't bleat? Silence of the lambs.
When Trump lost his Viagra, he claimed the erection was rigged.
I found an ox playing Tic-tac-toe.
I found an Ox playing Tic-tac-toe.
The closest I get to a food diary is my shirt at the end of the day.
Things I hate: 1. Jokes 2. Lists 3. Irony 4. Lists 5. Repetition 7. Inconsistency
Things I hate: 1. Jokes 2. Lists 3. Irony 4. Lists 5. Repetition 7. Inconsistency
The use of semiphore is flagging.
I'm a nonconformist like all my friends.
When my parents found out that I fantasized about gay gang bangs it hit me like a ton of dicks.
Crazy paving isn't all it's cracked up to be.
How do you spot a blind man at a nude beach? It's not hard.
Feral children are really out there.
Hotels without lifts or staircases are flawless.
An overflowing garbage bin is wastefull.
My friend has a trophy wife but I don't think it was first place.
The kleptomaniac forgot to take his wife's medication.
Untrained doctors make me sick.
My career as a model is looking good.
I'm in detention for cocaine use and the woman's got me doing lines.
If life gives you melons, you're dyslexic.
I'm desperate to find someone who can fix my headboard. I'm banging my head against the wall.
I finally found my girlfriend's g-spot. It's been in her sister all this time.
Jumpers are over the top.
Letterboxes are so antisocial, they're always indoors.
It's so hot that it makes me want to take off my skin and sit in my bones.
I bought some tires when Goodyear was having a bad year so now I don't know what to ask for when I replace them.
I just got fired from my job at the bakery, which is upsetting cause I really kneaded the dough.
Do vegetarians eat animal crackers?
Being lead singer of Van Halen means there's a 50% chance you're Sammy Hagar.
Netflix and chill is when the movie you're not watching ends and there isn't a dry thigh left in the house.
I was hoping that the low-budget rip off of Wonder Woman was going to be really good, but it ended up just being a woman staring distractedly out a window for two hours.
Rumour has it I'm a gossip.
Day 947 of my kid acting aggrieved that I told him to brush his teeth.
OJ Simpson has passed his cell by date...
GAP: Clearance!
Hoarding's great, collectively speaking.
I've upped my standards, so up yours.
I farted at a silent disco but I didn't get away with it because it knocked my headphones off.
A piata that doesn't break is broken
I don't know who this "Spam" person is, but they're really clingy.
Bulimic Cannibal At Rave Throws Hands Up.
The only time I'd want to be surrounded is if I was a nipple clamp.
I only drink after work, before work, and all the time in between.
Told my parents I wanted a blender for my birthday, but they got me a chameleon.
Installing car mufflers is an exhausting job.
Having Barack Obama's initials must stink.
Can a dyslexic wizard still spell?
I've got a great tip for people with lots of garbage.
Thanks to Heroin I'm addicted to needles.
I've seen a man get mangled in a combine harvester and he was still less crooked than your moral fiber.
I recently discovered how much sodium is in spinach. It's ironic that it was his diet and not the sea air that made Popeye such a salty bastard.
I'm going ... to Bangkok ... to Bangkok.
It's been so long since I had sex, I forgot who ties who up.
I heard burning a single drop of lavender oil in the palm of your hand wards off superstition.
My mom was a teenage mother, she adopted my when she was 16.
I am rarely more focussed on time than in the five seconds I am waiting to skip an ad on YouTube.
I can't stand using the stairs as a wheelchair user
I don't get people bitching about desert hikes, they're some of the best levels in a Mario game!
Does Peter Pan peanut butter ever get old?
Diet Coke: making people feel better about ordering a Big Mac and large fries since 1982.
Politicians are like diapers. They should be changed frequently and for the same reason.
After Monday and Tuesday even the week goes WTF.
People work for 6-pack abs, I went for the keg.
I finally have the body I want, which is really easy to get if what you want is a really crappy body.
I'm not a good cook. The last time I made hot dogs, everyone said they were the wurst.
I made hot dogs for a cookout, but no one liked them. Everyone said they were the wurst.
I used to have this strange delusion that I was a cat, but I'm ok meow.
Nice kid, just shits a little too close to the front porch.
Snakes only bite the body parts they don't have.
I know the most random pageant winner, she's Miss Cellaneous.
The inventor of the guillotine found a great way to get a head.
You can't spell advertisements without semen between the tits.
Male dogs are real sons of bitches.
I'd kill to live by a quarry, but I don't want to take a life for granite.
This medication's side effects include: coughing, sneezing, loss of memory, loss of memory, loss of memory, and fainting.
Contrary to Republican belief, Greg Abbott is not a stand-up guy.
I beat my wife up this morning, she got up at seven and I got up at six
I beat my wife up this morning, she got up at seven and I got at six
A mime once said to me:
Doggy-style sex with the wife is something I can really get behind.
I thought I didn't need a chiropractor but now I stand corrected.
Lisa Kudrow
     http://uae-move.blogspot.com.eg/
I thought I had road rage but it turns out I'm just an angry drunk.
Don't kiss your honey when your nose is runny, you might think it's funny, but it snot.
You could never leave a tomato behind, it will just ketchup.
A dyslexic man walked into a bra.
I was hoping that raffling off the corpse would be a little bit more subtle, but it turned out to be a dead giveaway.
Almond fetishists are fucking nuts.
It's easy to make jokes about apples on bonsai trees, but then again, they are low hanging fruit.
Is a black serial killer an axed murderer?
Is a black serial killer an axed murder?
No one can tell if I'm embarrassed by getting a sunburn on my face.
I have food poisoning again and honestly, I'm sick of it.
A buttload of toilet paper is just the right amount
Thanks Zewa for at least some Deluxe in my life
I have a few jokes about unemployed people, but none of them work.
If I could make a living watching porn, I'd be making money hand over fist.
Take 'er easy, and if she's easy....take 'er twice.
What's the deal with observational humor?
I took a pen from the bank, it was off the chain.
Behind every successful pornstar there is a man.
You can pick your friends, you can pick your nose, but you can't pick your friend's nose.
Don't sweat the petty things. Pet the sweaty things.
A real one liner.
You can lead a horse to an AA meeting, but you can't make it stop drinking.
That app Faceswap made me realize that my face doesn't look good on other people either.
The wife's favourite CD has got stuck on the second last track, bet I never hear the end of it now!
I have some serious self-esteem issues. The last time I posted a selfie I first cropped myself out of it.
I hate when a couple argues in public but I missed the start and don't know whose side I'm on.
What's the difference between a good and bad joke timing
For Sale: one parachute, never opened, small stain
Eyeglasses are spectacular for the spectator of a spectacle.
I hate two types of people: people who swear, and fucking hypocrites.
Two guys walked into a bar, the third one ducked.
If there's one thing I'm not, it's self-aware.
There are two types of people in this world: those who write complete sentences
Be my sunshine, I'll be the solar panel.
I found an Android app filled with one liners you may like
How did the kid pay for his pet duck?
Today a man knocked on my door asking for a donation for the local swimming pool, I gave him a glass of water.
This is incomplet
I was a Bronco's fan before Payton Manning, Tim Tebow, and John Elway....
It's crazy how many people die in suits.
Notorious for stealing office supplies, my co-worker has been dubbed the Rubber Bandit.
When the Sergeant asked me, "What does surrender mean?", I shrugged and said, "I give up!"
I don't like when my cab driver goes the extra mile for me.
My dad died when we couldn't remember his blood type. As he died, he kept insisting for us to "be positive," but it's hard without him.
Do they still have disposable cameras or have they finally been thrown away?
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait
I poured my cat out some milk the other day; I don't know how it got in there.
What do you call it when Homer Simpson accidentally cums in Marge's eye?
What do you guys think about visualization?
My father and his twin were one of a kind men.
**pun thread** subject - rocks, which no one should take for granite
Death is hereditary.
Remember nostalgia?
The other day I filled my car with so much gas, I couldn't get in it.
I think one of my dads might be gay.
I've come up with a new fusion recipe of Vietnamese soup with smoked pulled pork called Pho Que.
My cat is wondering why I keep cleaning my ice cream cone.
Five out of every three people have trouble understanding fractions.
Why the doctor? An apple a day keeps everyone away, if you throw it hard enough
Roses are red. That part is true. But violets are purple, Not f*cking blue.
A healthy breakfast prevents you from having a milktoast day.
A healthy breakfast prevents you from having a milquetoast day.
When a mumbler describes himself, it's unintelligible.
Bill Gates has pledged to fund Trump's wall on the condition he gets to install windows on it.
I initially didn't like having long nails but they're growing on me.
Practice makes perfect... Unless of course you're consistently bad at something.
It's been so long since the last time I cut my hair.
The first transgender person I ever met was my aunt, who was like a father to me.
Today my yoga instructor was really drunk, put me in a very awkward position.
People say I sound very imature when when I talk about my mummy and daddy, but they're just poo poo heads
Its been a fantastic year for me, I made a movie with lassie the dog. I played the lead
Its been a great year for me, I made film with lassie the dog. I played the lead.
I was embarrassed that my mum got me a castle shaped calculator, but it's the fort that counts
I was bitten by a mosquito last night. Bet that little bastard is pretty hung-over today!!
If you show me your boob I'll show you my tattoo, tit for tat.
Admitting you have a problem is the first step to me saying  Ha! I told you so.
The lettuce was ahead and the tomato was trying to ketchup
Due to a typo, I spent all day trying to plaster a wall with a towel!
I had a nightmare about getting scalped, hopefully it's not something to loose my hair about
Men are easy when they're hard.
I have a joke about construction but i'm still working on it
The phony thing that people say often is " hello "
I was gonna join the debate team, but somebody talked me out of it.
I'm a hypochondriac... WebMD told me so.
Impotence jokes are all about missed erections.
Stealing: no purchase required, although there may be a perp chase (which may be a purse chase)
CAPS-LOCK-ARMS-AND-UNITE!
CAPS-LOCK-UNITE!
Cannibal goes on celebrity diet.
Freezing my pet rooster really gets my cock hard.
Dwarfism is a growing problem.
Once you've seen one shopping center, you've seen a mall
/r/Oneliners Contest Winner! (#4, June 2017)
The guy who got hit by a steam train was really happy about it; he was chuffed to bits.
Coins are made of metal, because change is hard.
Anybody with half a brain would know if they got a hemispherectomy
I want a woman who is willing to do unusual sex acts, like having sex with me.
I started a new job as a tarot reader, now I'm making a fortune
As vegetables go, radish is kind-of cool
The sinking of the Titanic was a miracle to the lobsters in the ship's kitchen.
If I had a dollar for every time my professor gave a boring lecture in class...I'd actually go.
If I had a dollar for every boring sermon my priest at church gave...I'd actually go.
I bet conjoined twins really hate Independence Day.
My wife gets annoyed if I mess with her red wine, so I've added fruit and lemonade to it and now she sangria than ever.
I saw an Amish billboard that said, don't drink or drive.
I bought Procrastination for Dummies in 2007 and just read the first chapter I'll finish the next one tomorrow
I need to get a hair cut; this one specifically.
Talk with someone about skin tags today.
I hate Russian dolls, they're so full of themselves.
I just got done working all all night, and I am ready to call it a day.
Was dancing like crazy on the bar in my local boozer tonight! bartender told me to get down.
I was dancing on the table in nightclub tonight and the bouncer told me to get down.
Did you hear about the constapated mathematician.
Any bug can hit the windshield, but it takes guts to stick.
My couch gets more ass than me.
When my doctor told me I lost my sense of smell, I told him he made no scents.
I dressed my dog as a postman and it bit itself.
I like bananas because they have appeal.
There is a stairway to heaven but a highway to hell
I can explain it to you but I can't understand it for you.
Am I an amazing wingman if my last four girlfriends have married the next guy they dated after me?
Quidquid Latine dictum sit altum videtur
possessio is nine tenths of the word.
When I was young I was obsessed with Posh Spice which cost my mom a fortune in saffron.
I forgot what you call the moisture on weeds in the morning, so I suppose thistle dew for now.
I once met a woman so beautiful she made my eyes water - mace has that effect on me.
If I had patience, I'd be a doctor.
"If god is real, then what is fake?"
As my mother always said, "If the pony starts cryin', get the gun."
The cops took all of my money, all of my inventory, and all of my business. Today was a complete bust.
Shout out to all the people who don't know the opposite of in
It's okay to make a rounding error twice in a while.
A priest is similar to a Christmas tree in that their balls are just for decoration.
I accidentally started a fire in a crowded theatre. Unfortunately, I couldn't tell anyone.
How my dad treats his kids beats the hell out of me.
Life and Limbo start with the same letters.
It just donged on me that I sometimes use the wrong word.
Whenever I push a door clearly labeled "Pull", I feel like a doork.
I will put a live squid in your rectum free of charge.
Francine got a sex change, to be frank.
Personally I think burger jokes are rare, but I'd like to consider mine well done.
My girlfriend would be so mad if she found out that I'm telling people she's my girlfriend.
At home, they treat me like God. I'm generally Ignored until someone wants something.
I have a step ladder, I never knew my real ladder.
If a booty is a butt and to dial is to call, is a butt dial a booty call?
Love thy neighbor all through the day... but first make sure her husband's away!
I was gonna do a one-liner about apathy, but then I figured, why bother?
You can't watch a Kevin Bacon movie in a Muslim country.
People who think Im not a religious person should see me when I plug the toilet in someone else's house.
I'm bet environmentally conscious when it comes to women
/r/Oneliners Bi-Weekly Contest! (#4, June 2017)
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer and he laced them now I'm tripping.
I started a yacht making business in my attic; sails are going through the roof.
SENSATIONALISM WILL DESTROY AMERICA!
I need to come up with some good monastery puns because I got nun.
I got a degree in Reverse Psychology because my parents said I wasn't smart enough to go to college.
I'm such a tight ass about grammar, I once had a semi-colonoscopy.
My boyfriend told me: "Sex is better on vacation." That wasn't a very nice postcard to receive.
If you want to get back on your feet try missing a couple of car payments.
Don't have any more taco runs until we get some more toilet paper.
A man walks into a bra
A house is just a place to keep your stuff while you go out and get more stuff.
I dropped my watch in the toilet so I am having a shitty time.
Two plus two does not equal for.
It's always better to have sworn enemies than to have two-faced friends.
It only takes one drink to get me drunk but I can't remember if its the 13th or the 14th.
There are more important things than money, but they wont date you if you dont have any
A termite walks into a pub and asks, "Is the bar tender here?"
When life gives you melons, invest in a brassiere
When writing a story about losing your virginity, its important to always put it in the first person
Can you name a philosopher? I. Kant
One good thing about a dead hooker is that the second hour is free!
Venison's dear, isn't it?
If you think nobody cares, try missing a couple of payments.
When it comes to illegal drug use, cocaine is where I draw the line.
I tried to have a threesome once, but the other two never came.
A lotion thief is a smooth criminal
I've decided it's okay to Laugh at my Own Jokes, because He has Multiple Personality Disorder
9/11 jokes are just plane wrong
You are only stuck with your debt if you can't budge it.
Movies, Liquor, Medication?
Portrait painting advice can often be taken at... face value.
I returned my wetsuit because it kept me too dry
Heaen is missing an angle.
A lady goes a bar and asks the bartender for a double entendre, he gives her one.
An a walks into a br
Sex is like golf, you don't have to be good at it to have a good time.
/r/Oneliners Contest Winner! (#3, June 2017)
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea that means someone's enjoying it.
I used to be addicted to the Hokey Pokey, but i've turned myself around.
Though Honduras is a bad place to live, their flag is five stars.
I bet people with two dads are really good at catch
Watching porn gives men unrealistic expectations of horses.
You can say whatever you want about deaf people
I got kicked out of Forever 21 for looking for the fountain of youth
They say you'll find the love of your life when you're not really looking but by then I had ran her over.
They say you'll find the love of your life when you're not really look but by then I had ran her over.
I can't find my goldfish ut he will turn up.
You can't tell jokes to kleptomaniacs because they take things literally.
Americans have different ways of saying things. They say 'elevator', we say 'lift'... they say 'President', we say 'stupid psychopathic git.
A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
My church accepts all denominations - fivers, tenners, twenties.
I play second-person shooters.
If gays "bat for the other team," do pedophiles play in the minor league?
What did the janitor say when he came out of the closet? Supplies!
I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream induced brain freeze.
I wouldn't say that my life is spiralling wildly out of control - "spiralling" implies a level of direction and order.
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.
Boycott shampoo! Demand the REAL poo!
A day without sunshine is like, night.
My grandma always tells me I'm her "handsome man" and I have to keep reminding her that I'm not her dead husband
When the bass player dropped his bass he became skrillex
I caught my teenage son drinking... how do I nip this in the Bud before he goes wild?
Someone has been erasing my memory and leaving empties all over my apartment.
I want to start writing jokes, but can't seem to get my penis onto paper
my friend threw a coca cola at my head and said i was coke-cocked upside the head.
Blunt pencils are pointless.
I'm addicted to prescription glasses
I think Oedipus Rex was a real Mother Fucker
The frustrated cannibal threw up his arms
All men are cremated equal
SENSATIONALISM?!
I'm looking at my ceiling - not saying it's the greatest ceiling in the world... but it's up there
I thought it was hot when my wife said she was going to go commando, until she started chasing me with a bayonet.
I have a pet sloth named gluttony
Anything can be a balanced meal if it's the right distance from the fulcrum.
Fashion designers reap what they sew.
I lost all my weed in a series of small fires.
Three guys named Victor wrote all of written history.
It's been seven hours and fifteen days since all my friends deserted me for my Sinead O'Connor obsession
I had Five Guys at dinner the other night, and boy does my ass hurt
I had Five Guys at dinner the other night, and boy is my dick tired
Dicktaters ain't appealin'
Libraries aren't much to shout about
A hire car just ran over my foot, fucking hertz
This is a taco-burrito conversation: Nachos.
My buddy and I devised a plan to break into a vending machine. He was my Cokeconspirator.
My buddy was the lookout when I went medieval on a vending machine, he was my Cokeconsiprator.
I eat caviar and shit mortgage payments
Money talks and the flash got bullshit on his sneakers
Bananas are appealing
You can lead horse to water but a pencil must be lead.
Tapas is Spanish for "not enough food."
During the war my granddad broke the enigma code machine
I've got my own private jet right here in the jacuzzi.
Can anyone think of a good acronym for the newly formed Conservative and Unionist Negotiation Team to go to brussels?
I've been so constipated since eating that Monopoly board, I can't even pass Go.
14k!
/r/Oneliners' Community Contest! (#3, June 2017)
A severed foot is the ultimate stocking stuffer.
Thank god for athiests!
I count my calories, so I can try to beat my high score.
A recent survey showed that 6 out of 7 dwarfs are not happy.
I moisturize my hair under one condition.
Humans are animals!
I like my coffee like I like my women, big cups.
I wish I was half as hung as Britain's new parliament
I can assert that I'm educated in both math and literacy, I would mostly be believed but would still have my protractors, which to me is good because I have fields to plow.
just dropped my phone into some mayonnaise, fucking hellman
I have just found out that the best way to cook live crabs is to set fire to your knickers.
I reached Nirvana the other day while browsing through the record shop's alphabetized vinyls.
Breast reduction surgery has flattering effects.
I hae typos.
Fight club is the elephant in the room.
If I had a nickel for every communist friend I know, I would probably has to distribute the nickels amongst them evenly.
fidget spinner is more like idget spinner
On mornings after a night of hard partying, have you ever checked the obituaries to see if you got an honorable mention?
My dog left a stain on the rug again, so I yelled, "Urine trouble now!"
dalmatian is a scrambled zebra
dalmata is a scrambled zebra
First coffee makes you get up and go, then it makes you sit down and go.
I saw on the news that a guy got 8 horses stuck up his butt. Doctors say he's in stable condition.
Does the name 'Quasimodo' ring a bell?
I like my women like I like my coffee...to GO.
I like my men like I like my coffee...ground up and in the freezer
Team work is important; it helps to put the blame on someone else.
I want to get a sex change, to be frank.
Napping is one of those things that is so easy, you can do it with your eyes closed.
Why should we appreciate gays
I want to get a sex change, to be frank.
I like my coffee like I like my women... black and bitter.
I have audience fright.
Even before the cold war, the USSR showed many red flags.
Power buttons are an instant turn on for me.
You can have a brain operated clock if you set your mind to it.
Spiderman was kind of the original "Web Comic"
If their age is on the clock, your a peado.
I came up with a solution, our new safe word is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis.
If pigs could fly, there would be a big market for shit helmets
If your parachute doesn't deploy, you have the rest of your life to fix it.
I can't count how many times i failed math.
The guy who was cut off at the ankles felt pretty defeeted.
An impotent iguana suffers from a reptile dysfunction.
I didn't want to put the apostrophe between n and t but i was contractionally obligated.
as my mother always said
What has 4 letters, sometimes 9 letters, but never has 5 letters
The day I could no longer get my foot up to my mouth is the day my toenail maintenance got shot all to hell.
On the other hand, you got five fingers.
Cowboys on elevated horses are always so smug
Sometimes when I'm bored, I'll google "Chris Brown" just to see how many hits I get.
On a scale of Kushner to Fogel, how bad of a Jared are you?
At the end of the day, all you've got is night.
I get the best covfefe through Covfico.
People who play Russian Roulette alone must think the world just revolvers around them.
No matter how many times other people disappoint you, you can always count on your fingers.
Ahem, my friend, ahem. He went to the urologist. Anyways, the story is short.
I've been told "you are what you eat", but that's odd, because I haven't eaten any sexy beasts lately.
I have a mental disorder that makes everything I say sound mysterious, or do I?
So today I was reading about pig anatomy; it was pretty standard, but when I got to the end, I discovered there was a twist in the tale.
I'm afraid that one day when I meet God, he'll sneeze and I won't know what to say.
Moderate-to-severe Crohn's is a shitty disease.
I used to be shy, but since I've started rock climbing, I feel boulder.
When you are moving never pack the cat and the dog in the same carton.
FUCK THIS SUB IM DONE AS MOD YOURE ALL CUNTS
I can always tell when they use fake dinosaurs in movies.
I can always tell when they use fake dinosaurs in movies.
Are Directors of Photography really into DP?
Good advice: Never go to a job interview barefoot.
Blasphemy: Asking god's help in a science exam.
We call kids innocent because calling them dumb would be rude.
My dong isn't a diving board, but I'll give you points if you jump off
You and a (other gender) walk into a bar and...
Frenchmen. Now that's a paradox.
Trump's hair is making a combback.
I got my puppy the same day I planted thyme in the garden so I could say my puppy's tail is as old as thyme.
When the Mormon was asked in court if he had forced an underage child into marriage, he stated, "I plead the first".
Life cannot be better than your mindset.
My cat smells like Chinese food.
I'd say trying to use math to determine asteroid locations is kind of a "Pi in the sky" concept.
Mars? I haven't found intelligent life on earth.
Whenever someone says they had a brain fart, I wonder if I can smell their thoughts.
I become suspicious when I hear that a person is "close to Pootin".
I'm no pituitary gland, but I can make a hormone.
Pink eye has such a shitty stigma.
That banana looks appealing.
If my wife was eye candy, she'd be raisinets
If my wife was eye candy, she'd be raisinettes.
I want my tombstone to read: "Told one too many puns, it was a grave mistake."
When a dead comedian releases an album, it's released post-humorously.
Homophobic jokes are gay.
Homosexual jokes aren't funny.
Clones are people two
All this news about terrorism is getting blown out of proportion.
The mime I hired went on a tear pushing his invisible walls and flapping his invisible wings, so I don't get why he's so angry when I paid him with my invisible cash.
Face is a four letter word, but preface is a foreword letter.
To whomever stole my "get up and go" you better return it immediately!!!
A woman who is good at fidget spinners probably doesn't need a man to satisfy her.
In a week or so, I'm going to stop procrastinating.
The shoemaker cobbled together a pretty good livelihood.
Bee's scream YOLO right after they sting someone
"Do nine men interpret?" "Nine men" I nod.
It's what's on the inside that counts, unless you just ate a dyslexic kid.
Diet Coke is only half a line
I herd the Ariana Grande concert went out with a bang.
I like my tea like I like my women: neglected and cold.
I tried to steal a beverage but it wasn't my cup of tea.
My friend asked me if I had his back, and I said got it as I ripped his spine out.
What do you say when she asks to go back to your place?
The only lit thing about birthday parties are the candles on the cake.
Daily Mail: the Devil's kindling
Freudian slips happen to the breast of us.
I'm lactose intolerant - I'm not allergic, I just don't tolerate its bullshit.
That new song about fishing sure has a catchy hook.
What do you call a man?
This coffee isn't my cup of tea.
I hate catheters; they're always taking the piss.
I leave my yoghurt on the kitchen bench, because that's counterculture.
Colostomy really isn't my bag
You Gouda love cheese because its Dairy-sious.
Last night they held a seminar on how to withhold orgasms; nobody came.
Last night there was a seminar on how to prevent orgasms, but no one came.
If you demolished a school filled with textbooks you'd be razing a lot of questions.
Your last words.
My grandma's looking for something creative to do with her body after she dies, and I keep having to explain to her that the Internet isn't really about that.
Websters dictionary defines a cliche as this.
Websters dictionary describes a cliche as this.
I've always felt I was in my prime in grade 11.
The oddest years of my high school career were 9th and 11th.
My ouija board spelled out skeptic.
Many photons make light work.
Vote up if you like violating the intergalactic law
Globes should just be called Map Balls. So pretentious.
A newsman reported back on the ginger convention, "There wasn't a single soul in attendance."
Procrastination is a dish best served eventually.
I was going to take Jonathans place on the debating team, but he talked me out of it.
As I get older I'm just thankful that wrinkles don't hurt.
What happens when a couple continuously fails at getting pregnant?...
Appliances without power buttons: they're just not on.
I have a dog with no legs, I called him Benson &amp; Hedges, so I can take him for a drag around the park
The shovel was a groundbreaking invention.
There are two correct pronunciations of "orthoepy".
Adjectives are very important to grammar Nazis
My eyelids stopped working, they're on the blink!
I'd be ducked without autocorrect.
He's such a bitch that when I called him a bitch, all the bitches stood up and said, "Don't you dare associate me with him!"
Everyone said that the mad scientist's brain-swapping machine would never work, but I bet he'll change a lot of people's minds.
A dumb gold digger marries a guy named Rich.
I had to pull some strings before I could use my first tampon
Irony is not funny.
I always pay attention to detial.
Practise makes British.
I find the work of bankers to be.... interesting
Placebo is a helluva drug!
Myself and my wife tried wanking me off at the same time last night but we just couldn't pull it together.
I can't get to the bottom of why my wife does not like anal sex.
7 men out of 10 is 3.
Do those fidget spinners help with vertigo?
I was obsessed with Frozen for a long time, but was finally able to let it go.
I was stung on the thumb while pumbing
My wife wanted to have sex but I was just not up for it.
I lost my watch and need to buy a new one but I just don't have the time for it.
Six out of seven dwarves are not Happy.
The anestesiologist quit because he was being treated like a number.
Conozco espaol.
I didn't vaccinate my kids, and the one that survived is doing great!
9 out of 10 people enjoy gang rape.
Brr... it's a tits bit nippily!
Do deaf people with Tourettes just herky jerkily flip people off?
Do you know why sumo wrestlers shave their legs?
Somebody asked me if I smoke after sex but I could only say I never checked.
I believe I'm immortal, and I'll continue until I'm proven otherwise.
The primary purpose of your pinky toe is to periodically check if your furniture is still hard.
Like shooting puppies in a barrel
Don't be a bigot, unless you're a midget; then you can be a little racist.
That's about as useful as a one-legged man in an ass-kicking contest.
Scientists CLAIM that sex whoremoans can lead to Freudian slips, butt what do they know?
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea does that mean that one enjoys it?
My friend offered to buy me a coffin, but I told him that's the last thing I'll need
My African American roommate wanted me to pick up some Ask deodorant for him at the store but I couldnt find it anywhere.
That air jackoff motion toward someone when theyre yawning never gets old.
I think sex on TV is fine, as long as you don't fall off.
My fucking goddamn parrot has fucking Tourette's.
Parkinson's kills any Etch A Sketch artists dreams
l
I
I want to hear low-flying airplane noises...NEOW!!!!
Mercedes is the Cadillac of cars.
Please can you help me? I can't seem to think of another purpose for multi-purpose compost, other than for growing plants in.
Mom is getting the same thing for Mothers Day she got last year, disappointment
13k!
If pronouncing my Ts as Vs makes me sound Russian then so Ve it
If you must accuse me of sounding like a spin doctor, just go ahead now.
My friend was late to our cannibal dinner party, so I gave him the cold shoulder
The sign on my store that refurbishes gearshift assemblies should not have said 'seeking post-op trannies'.
I'm going to become a handyman and immediately corner half the market by doing the even jobs.
When you lose your V-card you should be awarded a Certificate of Completion
I'd just like to remind everyone that International Procrastination Day was last week.
Did you hear about the disabled porn star that had a woodpecker?
"I pathologically crave attention," Jesus said.
Have you ever walked in on your roommate while you were masturbating?
It's hard to tell any racists jokes to a panda, because they're black, white and asian.
I've been told "Ching chong ching chong" is Chinese for "I am an insensitive, racist asshole".
You can find out how heavy your chilli pepper is if you give it a weigh, give it a weigh, give it a weigh now.
When deaf people fight, they let their fists do the talking
Today I lit my husky on fire as I was craving a hot dog.
Sexual orientation: my college didn't have that.
Whenever I see the sign Reduce Speed Ahead I turn around...i don't buy less potent drugs
"Well, if it isn't General Concern and his hand-picked Worriers..."
I love adult coloring books cause I can color nipples purple
r/Oneliners Contest Winner! (#2, May 2017)
Did you see that new violin toy for german kids, a doll fiddler?
If you think about it everyone in life gets at least one participation trophy...its called a tombstone
She's not high maintenance, she's maintaining her high
I like to do one liners cause an 8 ball is to much cocain
An alcoholic and a peripatetic walk into a bar
I cannot fathom how deep the ocean is.
Everyone trusts Dr. Huxtable right, take 2 of these and call me in the morning...right?
There is no winning streak in window cleaning.
I've been pretty disorganized since my electric piano was stolen.
How many Freudian slips does it take to change a penis?
On the other hand, I have 4 finger and an opposable thumb
Whenever it doesn't rain enough, the earth just has to make dew.
Shout out to the guy who just missed three good pitches in baseball....
Gift coupons sold on earth are not accepted in heaven".
My wife took my breath away last night. She punched me in the stomach!
Do Muslims play football?
If it is what it is, then what is what?
Alguna cosa alguna cosa en Espaol, which means something something in Spanish.
I'm gonna start a programmers band called "Panic! at the Kernel"
I kicked "8" and it became infinitely large
Does anyone know if the Arachnophobia help line has a web site?
My girlfriend bakes a mean homemade pretzel, but with a twist.
I kicked "8" and it became infinitely large
My wife's vagina ....
I've tried every way possible to write the perfect joke about confirmation bias
Did you know, that if you put your car keys under your skull and then beep your car, you will look like an idiot.
If you love her let her go, if she comes back she has Stockholm syndrome.
An awfully good comedian can be seriously funny.
Me.
You know what I hate about people leaving jokes unfinished?
Two Wrongs Don't Make A Right But Three Rights Make A Left.
"All track and field throwing events are boring" Discus....
That cartographer really put this town on the map
Vampire bites suck
If less is more then skinny people are fat too
You're like a brother to me is a pickup line if she's Indian.
When I beat cancer, I got banned from the oncology ward.
After pounding and pounding he finally came inside, then apologized and left because he had the wrong address
It's instant water; just add everything.
This one rhetorical question's got me stumped...
Seems like the Fyre Festival was...
r/Oneliners Bi-Weekly Contest! (#2, May 2017)
When the left feel they are left out, then they start moving to the right.
Don't spell part backwards. It's a trap.
My sister hates school, so she joined a foreign exchange program to Saudi Arabia.
Ireland is a rich country because its capital is always Dublin.
My plan to have an incomplete Will Smith movie collection is coming together without a Hitch.
I did abroad for a semester, and then broke up with her.
Reddit wants to deprecate CSS functionality, which the entire site is dependent on for subreddit themes and customisation. Oneliners is /r/ProCSS!
I had a dream all of the babies prevented by the pill showed up. They were mad.
I got 66 problems and dyslexias one.
I wonder if Jesus ever ate a bunch of crackers and got a bit full of himself.
Both Commies and Jihadis make ample use of democracy to achieve their aim.
My dad actually beat cancer patients.
I have loads of fun doing laundry.
I'm a high functioning alcoholic, until I get to the bar.
Dehydration really chaps my hide
Vacuuming really sucks
Meanwhile in a parallel universe:
I'm a purfectionist.
I want to sign up for a suicide pact, but I have a fear of commitment.
He's such a yes man, it's agree-gious
Doing squats twice a week is a good ass idea
One-ply toilet paper gets the thumbs up ...regrettably
Enemas suck ass.
There's a sexual assault every 8 minutes. We need to stop that guy!!
Every 60 seconds in Africa one minute passes
Jokes based on dark humor are like kids with cancer; they don't get old.
Those brother/sister pornos are fucking weird, never once have I called my siblings 'bro' or 'sis' while we're having sex
The trial about the malfunctioning door was an open shut shut open open case.
Did you hear about the cannibal that passed his brother in the jungle?
I'm a perfectionis
I just saw two guys fighting over a Pepsi, next to a poster of Kylie Jenner
Ice cream in pain when brain-freeze occurs
I'm a perfectionis.
We're about to get busy, keep your shirts on!
How to make applesauce: start making apple juice then stop.
The Blood of Christ is the best wine because it's aged for 2017 years.
I tried to get the fish in my Japanese fish pond to have an honest conversation with me, but he was being a little koi.
Say what you want about Amy Schumer, she can take a joke.
If you can't take a joke, you're not Amy Schumer
I was once addicted to line dancing so bad, I had to enter a two step program.
/r/Oneliners Bi-Weekly Tournament! (#1, May 2017)
I've got a strong hunch something is wrong with my spine.
Tonight's Procrastinators Anonymous meeting has been postponed to tomorrow
Smoking is such a drag.
My grandfather survived the nazi holocaust concentration camps; he was one of the most renowned camp counselors of his time.
Aaron Hernandez died doing what he loved: Killing someone
Any grapes in the audience? -Meh, they're usually a quiet bunch
Hecklers Anonymous meeting tonight, 7pm start, bring your own boos.
I have a joke about dramatic irony, I just can't tell you.
Waking up this morning was an eye-opening experience.
Apparently I snore so loudly that it scares everyone in the car I'm driving.
It is so cold outside I saw a politician with his hands in his own pockets.
When will we come to our census and figure out how many people are in the country?
Well, I'd dare say the race card has now been officially Trumped
You really gotta hand it to blind hookers.
Did you hear about the guy whose left side was cut off? He's all right now.
Really? Not one of you got it? One more time: Mermaids suck.
I've had it up to here with midgets.
I see said the blind man.
I've had it up to here with midgets.
Sometimes I think you have to march right in and demand your rights, even if you don't know what your rights are, or who the person is you're talking to. Then, on the way out, slam the door.
What do you call a nun with a washing machine on her head?
What does Stevie Wonder?
Mermaids suck.
A procrastinator must be really good at crastinating
T-rex's are extraordinary as they usually drink coffee
Procrastinate must mean that someone is really good at crastinating.
The trouble with jogging is, that by the time you realize you're not in shape, it's too far to walk back
Shout out to the hard of hearing
I saw a sign that said lost $100 bill, the reward was a puppy.
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is it naked, or homeless?
It's funny how two simple words like, "I promise" could temporarily stall people.
I pin magnets to my corkboard.
Have you heard about the dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac? He laid awake all night wondering if there really is a dog!
What do you call a piece of seductive playground equipment?
all of these jokes are too smart for me
Google fiber!
Incest is a relative term.
I think there should be a Fortune 500 cookie; it's like a regular fortune cookie, only richer in taste.
Music class at my school was banned
I found out today both my wife and my girlfriend are cheating on me
The Stockholm disease is the predictor of Sweden's worst nightmare.
Legume makes a leg out of you and me.
The universe is carnivorous.
Did you know 86% of all statistics are completely made-up?
A man walks into bar...
My girlfriend confessed she has been seeing someone else at night, but I don't believe in ghosts.
They're all Good Fridays Brent.
There all Good Fridays, Brent.
I'm a pacifist and I'll fight anyone to prove it.
Gay dads
For taco emergencies call nine Juan Juan.
I've told you all a million times not to exaggerate!
Well, it's a deep subject isn't it?
Jokes about sugar are common but jokes about brown sugar, demerara.
They say being gay is genetic but I still cant get my brother to nut.
I'm a chick magnet, because women are repelled by me.
I'd like to go camping, just so I can come home and tell people that my trip was in tents.
For some reason, the name "Pavlov" rings a bell.
Stairs can't be trusted, they're always getting up to something
I misspelt "hindsight" in the spelling contest today. Looking back on it, I could have done better.
No one has ever seen one of Michael J. Fox's etch-a-sketch drawings.
A man walks into a bar. His alcoholism is ruining his family.
Keep your friends close and your enemas closer.
My family has passed down this hand crank for generation.
My computer beat me at chess today, but I sure beat it at kickboxing
United Airlines
Never trust someone with Parkinson's to steal tambourines for you
In group therapy you hear about people's inadequacies, but in group sex you get to see them.
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.
I don't realize until now that United Airlines operated the bus Rosa Parks tried to ride
There's no "I" in misinformation.
Be the change you want to see in your pocket.
This just in- United just announced it's switching from Coca cola products to Pepsi as a precaution for possible protests.
Nitrous oxide is no laughing matter.
A nurse finds a rectal thermometer in her pocket and thinks,"some asshole has my pen"
Casual fridays are the best, except at strip clubs.
The cars of politicians have airbags in the front and douche-bags in the back.
I spilled spot remover on my dog, now he's gone
I've never had sex with a single girl, they've all been married.
Petting zoos are a great place to pick up chicks.
You've made your bed now DIE in it.
Ticks Suck.
Nine out of ten people enjoy gang rape
I was addicted to hopscotch, so I joined a ten step program.
My girlfriend has life growing inside her vagina, yeast.
I have an on again and off again girlfriend, she's a sex robot.
Its hard being fat AND anorexic
I don't enjoy Tennis since I don't understand love
Gay dads are fucking assholes...
I may not worship all the planets but I'll worship Uranus!
I was last place at the Oscar Mayer eating contest. I had made it far, to be frank-furter than I imagined. I remembered my hero sauerkraut-ies, I mustard up some courage, spoke with relish and told myself that if I wanna ketchup I better stop hot-dogging.
Goddamn blasphemy!
I barely read the first page of "Decluttering For Dummies" before I gave it away.
I swear to god I'll destroy blasphemy.
Blasphemy is my sworn enemy.
Pavlov's dog drooled as he was tolled.
Clandestine electronic eavesdropping really bugs me.
My brothers allergic to peanuts, so as a prank I put a bunch of bubblegum in his hair.
Welcome to r/OneLiners!
Do dolphins ever get tattoos of 19 year old community college girls?
I dropped a sushi in my miso soup. Never thought I'd drown a fish.
Trampolines were just olines before your mom jumped on one.
Political quotes on politicians
My girlfriend and I have been in an open relationship for three months now, and she still doesnt know.
I didn't know my dad was a construction site thief, but when I got home all the signs were there.
Say what you want about deaf people..
I know a lot of people who like to eat butthole, which is disgusting, because the recommended serving size is just a butt half.
I always hear people say that they eat butt hole, which is disgusting, because the recommending serving size is just a butt half.
Today I learned "Wet Floor" signs are not a request
My friend is addicted to games; when thunderstruck comes on radio, he plays an air guitar-hero
This is the overstatement of the century.
I like Peter Pan peanut butter cause it never gets old
I think the first werewolf just wanted an excuse to leave the house once a month.
Being a lesbian vegetarian, people are always calling me a hummusexual
I'm not Indian, but my parents had a deranged marriage.
A friend is someone who helps you move; a *real* friend is someone who helps you move....a body.
My dad used to say: 'always fight fire with fire'... its probably why he was thrown out of the fire brigade
Joke's on her, my fetish is fake orgasms.
Joke's on her, my fetish is fake orgasms.
I have a black belt in trousers
Lake Titicaca is three of my favourite things.
If you want to read an autobiography quicker, just read the about the author.
Farting is a way for intestines to flag: "marshy inside"
I'm an open book, most people just close me
I'm am open book, most people just close me
I made a vaccine for autism, but unfortunately a side effect is that it gives you the flu.
If I had a dollar for every time a woman called me desperate, I could probably buy a prostitute.
Shut up your majesty and finish eating your gold plated chicken leg.
You're like a brother to me is a pickup line if she's Indian.
I started a band with 3 of my ethnic friends - we call ourselves Four Skin Colors.
Rehab is for quitters.
You are such a complete tool that it wouldn't surprise me to find out that you'd Plasti-Dipped your legs.
From the sound, I couldn't tell if you were throwing up or having an orgasm.
Everyone has a default religion, its genetically transmitted
People always tell me I have my father's kidney.
Music in classical times was on beats and now it is on bits
I have a sexy proposition for you: inasmuch as I can, insofar as you'll let me.
One man's raison d'etre is another man's Plan Be.
I can't say that he's gay, but all of the skeletons in his closet have limp wrists.
If Howard Stern was ever murdered, my prime suspect would be video.
Roses are red, bullets are lead, you better love me, or I'll shoot you in the head.
Beauty is a skin-deep business. The cosmetic giants recognise this and exploit it.
Real women may have curves, but I was never a realist.
If you're trying to blow my mind, please make sure to cup the chin.
I like it when I'm blurry in pictures because it's like they couldn't get the rights to me.
My Myer-Briggs type is STFU.
I love big ass, I jerked off to Mr.Hands video 4 times
I find that sexually adventurous women tend to be positive
I always fart in Chinese restuarant, so it smells better.
My friends and I experimented sexually in high school, I was the control group.
I can type 2000 characters per minute, and 0 words per minute.
Speaking of clean jokes, my son just got out of rehab.
The difference between good and bad manager is like the difference between a flush and pigeon, one cleans your shit and the other shits on you
Inherited money is a vaccine against a viral job boredom epidemic
It's called the wall street because once your scale the wall and throw in the money at street, money just stays there like its a wall of no return. A more apt name would have been hell street
I was kicked out of a Hallmark in Vegas for counting cards.
people with bimbo fetishes are fucking idiots
Never hold in a fart; that's something an asshole would do.
68 is a preposition.
I bought a midget stripper, she jumped out of a cupcake.
We are condemned to work with each other.
henry winkler got arrested for running a fonzi scheme.
My chapstick is so cool, it's the balm!
Starting with nothing you can either be shameless or penniless
It makes no sense to have a headband with design on top unless you plan to look at everyone with top of your head.
The way I remember how many hours are in a day is by remembering how many episodes are in a season of 24.
It was supposed to rain today but it mist.
Laptops being banned in cabins is a no-brainer; Samsung has just released notebook 7 laptops
I tried to learn how to make yogurt, but it's all Greek to me.
If I had a dollar for every witty line I wrote, I would have India's numerical invention
Mindfulness is filing your mind from excessive fullness
I hate it when she is wrong, because she ends up being right even when I know she is wrong
It feels like a serial killer is let loose in the house which kills you episode by episode if your partner makes you watch boring TV series
Einstein said everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler but only few can understand Einsteins theories
You're like a brother to me is a pickup line if she's into incest.
A man walks into a bar...
An opinion without 3.14 is just an onion
Everyone is different, except me
My type of girl, is AB.
You're like a brother to me is a pickup line if she's into incest.
how long is a Chinese name
*how long*is a Chinese name
how long is
"mLaughing with the lizards, crawling with the snakes.
Someone said I had a strong confirmation bias, but I like to think they are wrong.
There are many good fabrics, but denim is the best overall
I was worried about my speeding ticket, but I now know it's all fine.
If you rape someone properly, you don't have to kill them afterwards. They do it themselves.
Hanging yourself is hard for an auto erotic asphyxiation addict.
I did Anna backwards: Anna did I?
I did Anna backwards is Anna did I?
I wasn't planning to puke, but then something came up.
I don't mean to sound controversial, but I'm actually pro-oxidants.
A butt pirate's favorite treasure is booty.
All the swimming pools on The Titanic...
Freebies-eaters leave behind a bill which their children have to pay.
To an adolescent, there is nothing in the world more embarrassing than a parent
As the smartest of the triplets, I called myself the smartest man in the womb.
Never put off till tomorrow, what you can do the day after
My brother killed himself in the same way as Hitler, he moved to Argentina.
Im not Indian, but my parents had a deranged marriage.
Why don't kleptomaniacs understand sarcasm? They always take things literally.
Why do Army Drill Sergeants demand so much attention?
My policeman friend saw a body just lying on the floor and he said, "this is where I draw the line."
It's only just dawned on me that no one says dusk anymore.
Whoever came up with airplanes is all Wright by my book
If two wrongs could make a right then four wrongs could make a plane
"You have a lot of ground to cover," said the gravedigger to his apprentice
I get it why muslims force their women to wear shit on their heads - afterwards, it's very convenient to turn that thing into a bag to carry her severed head
I want to be an acupuncturist and a world champion darts player so I can do my job from really far away.
Masturbation comes in handy.
I've started taking a nap before I go to bed.
I was kicked out of a Hallmark in Vegas for counting cards.
Emotional geologists get pretty sedimental in conversation.
The word 'cliche' is so trite.
OneLiner.
my last words?
What do you call 100 lawyers chained together at the bottom of the ocean?
Stumbling to the door I've had too much but I want some more.
If someone has won three entertainment awards but not a Tony, they probably have an EGO.
In 5 Years I see myself in a mirror
I went into IKOP stoned as a kid and instead of asking smoking or non the greater just stared and said "SMOOOKING????"
I have a fetish for misnomers
Geology is hard as a rock
I've read an article about how porn damages your brain and did not understand a thing
I met an elderly man from Jupiter, he told me he was 7 years old.
I think old farts like me trying to use hip new language sound stupid af
Geology is hard as a rock
What if penis has expiry date
I wonder if the Wright brothers knew how much their invention would take off.
in 2016 i did a lot of sh*t, but the worst thing I've done was your mom
- are u single? - nah, bipolar
There's a spot somewhere on my back that itches, but I can't quite put my finger on it.
Whoever invented those counterfeit detecting pens was write on the money
New Novel
If you die I'll never talk to you again..
One line flows? I've got some of those
When my doctor told me I had "Jeopardy! disorder", I had a lot of answers
Meta? I hardly know 'er!
The flat earth society has members all around the globe
Sexy selfie
I found my lost phone in the last place I checked.
I dislike the trend of people verbing nouns.
People on my 3rd floor gym take the elevator up then get on a stair climber.
I cant remember how I did in history class, but I was lost in geography
If you use the word gay in the wrong context, I'm sorry but you're a fucking faggot.
The best band is the Police because when they say put your hands up you don't know whether to be excited or scared.
I did 24andme, and I have Down syndrome.
I'm a massage therapist, or for short, a misogynist.
Instead of having a float at the 2017 Mardigras parade, Hollywood decided to have a huge cock-up on-stage at the oscars.
If a blind woman tells you your penis is big, she's probably just pulling your leg
I used to plagiarize a lot. I still do, but I used to, too.
Her simile was as warm as a ray of morning sunlight
I'm ee Cummings, period.
That's what I love about dead bodies, man. I get older, they stay the same age.
2016 is the year we found out how long we can live if we started railing coke in the 80s.
I've never shot a gun because that would be a weird target
What are run on sentences I don't what they are somebody please help me and tell me what they look like so I can find them thank you in advance.
I love talking about the future as much as the next guy.
I donated blood, but it wasn't mine.
Marking tests of underachieving students is really degrading...
All things considered, it was a great radio program.
Killing myself is the last thing I'd ever do.
Bingo always ends right as you are about to win.
Pro-life supporters be like, "we've got the world at our fetus."
Dumb
Free Sex Dating
Can you believe they're re-making 9/11 with all female terrorists?
My favorite word is nepotism.
I made a vaccine for autism but unfortunately a side effect is that it gives you the flu.
If I were a steak collector, I'd make sure to have rare ones in my collection
Free and well trusted Internet dating with a lot of different girls
recent study has found out that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than men who mention it.
My true story about Sex with 3 different girls for 1 month
In the middle of MMA fights they should stop and have a little hockey game.
A guy sat down next to me in church and lit a cigarette; I was so shocked I almost spilled my beer!
The girl wants to blow job
1 in 50 european countries is Hungary.
The people in Pompeii were playing a real game of The Floor is Lava
If time is money, and money is the root of all evil, then wasting time is fighting evil.
Do I need a masters degree to join the BDSM community?
What I learned from Scooby Doo chase scenes was that when one door closes another one opens
The current situation in the US government is completely unpresidented
Steve Irwin should have worn sun cream. It protects you from harmful rays.
If I had learned anything from tetris, its that if you fit in, you disappear.
30 second un skipable adds make me less likely to buy a product.
When the diapers ran out, the babies were forced to make doo with what they had.
My self driving car crashed yesterday, because it wasn't that type of car.
Integers are pointless.
Muffler work is exhausting.
IAmA professional boxer with dyslexia, MMA!
Beyonce's name was Bey once.
My cannibal mother always told me that you eat what you are
The internet sex site found girl for Sex
I was going to tell you a story about my power drill but it would be boring.
Don't live backwards: it's evil.
I have AIDS
Everyday is leg day when you're running from your problems.
humour
I give speeches about most Stephen King books, but I dont talk about It
I'm a pacifist and I'll fight anyone to prove it.
Not many people know this, but I'm famous.
I've had short term memory loss for as long as I can remember
We were so poor growing up, we never had enough food. I remember my dad crying. He was in the kitchen cutting up onion. Poor onion. He was such a good dog.
A convincing stick on moustache is a hard thing to pull off.
My wife says I overuse garbage-related puns, but I refuse to believe her.
I'm willing to moisturize my hair under one condition.
I just got a rear view camera, a colonoscopy.
I use xanax as a palindrome.
I got a police escort, best sex of my life.
Being hours ahead, Europe could have warned America about 9/11 if not for the fact that they didn't know about it until 11/9
11:17 is prime time for an appointment.
He was losing the farting contest but he got a second wind.
I went out with that chick yesterday, it was the worst date since 9/11.
Today, I intend to take a shotgun to the Y and shoot pool.
I was on the road and a girl passed me, texting while driving. I was so pissed off I caught up to her and threw my beer at her.
I made a vaccine for autism, but unfortunately a side effect is that it gives you the flu.
If you have a crooked smile, maybe you should embrace it.
You dont need a parachute to go skydiving. You need a parachute to go skydiving twice.
My friend sold me a radio system with the volume stuck all the way up for just ONE dollar; it was a deal I couldn't turn down.
My friend sold me a radio system with the volume stuck all of the way up for just ONE dollar; it was a deal I couldn't turn down.
Can I just mention something?
The skywriting business is looking up
They have just come out a disorder for people dont use their imagination; you can make this stuff up
I'm about as straight as a labyrinth
I was going to post this
Will you let me speak?
My girlfriend asked me if I wanted her to shave before we had sex for the first time; I said no honey, your mustache looks fine.
You never see elderly midgets because their lifespans are also short.
________________________
I hold the opinion that
IAmA professional fighter with dyslexia, MMA!
I only use a single bag in my kitchen trash can
I once had sex on some unlabeled boxes of printer paper.
If being gay was a crime, I'd be public enema number one.
[FREE_JOIN] 100% Free_Sex_Dting_Website
A child is the opposite of a condom.
They're called "baristas" because "coffee maker" was already taken.
I spent $300 dollars on a new vacuum and all I can say is the vacuum really sucks
My girlfriend makes me want to be a better person;
Bird-flu needs tweetment, but swine flu needs oinkment.
Awww microscopes, they allow us to enjoy the little things in life.
There's a special spot in hell reserved for rapists, paedophiles, and those who call SUVs trucks.
Ni t s you again
All instruments at my high school were banned
Wait  minut!
The way satellites orbit the Earth is really revolutionary.
There was one time I lost my virginity
How ar yu?
Excuse me for interrupting, but
A good steak is rare.
Personally, I think
Excuse me for interrupting but
Hows life?
How have you been?
I was wise enough in my youth to do a great number of very foolish things
ws lif?
D u mind if I om in hr?
There are plenty of fish in the sea, but only a few in my pond.
w r u gtting n?
Halal restaurants make pie Allah mode
I think I might be starting to develop an intellectual inferiority simple.
My sister hates school, so she joined a foreign exchange program to Saudi Arabia.
Its m turn t tlk
In premature ejaculation contests, he who comes first, comes last
My favorite sexual position is tongue-in-cheek.
I heard the police are after a guy who stole a single board game; seems like a trivial pursuit to me
Shout out to the sidewalks for keeping me off the streets
I've seen lots of restaurants and bars advertising "BIG GAME!" this week, but I've yet to see a single lion, elephant or rhino on any of their menus.
It gs withut sing tht
A termite walks into a bar and asks, "Is the bartender here?"
And god said unto Moses, "come forth and receive eternal life in heaven" ... But Moses came in fifth, and received a toaster.
When I go, I want to die in my sleep like my father; not screaming in terror like his passengers.
Iv fund 3 difftnt girls wh grd fr s
I'm watching Tim and Eric's Awesome Show on my computer and it keeps making me think I'm getting a bluescreen.
I pin magnets to my corkboard.
I used to only travel with a fleet of ships, but now I only like one-liners.
I think my impression of an al fresco statue is outstanding
_rl_str_but_S_with_3_diffrnt_girls_fr_1_mnth
I was in the Middle East, and I stole a prosthetic arm, so they cut off my hand.
w_I_ws_hld_t_find_nl_s_in_th_sit._rl_str_but_3_tims_with_3_diffrnt_girls_fr_u_gus
A young Christian male with dyslexia walks into Macy's.
i
My sex story about sex dating
I've got a fireplace but I can't log into it.
My real story. I didnt understand that Internet site can help to find the true girl for sex
I did 24andme, and I have Down syndrome.
I always knew that my hindsight bias would lead to this.
What kind of fr sx dting I hve chsen? My real erine in the Rddit
India has a great future....that will never come.
I wonder if Jared is keeping the weight off?
I'm so bright my Father calls me a dimwit.
Swimming is an arms race.
I've always been very homophobic, I think I get it from my dads.
I'll make you an offer you can't refuse. Do you feel lucky punk? Well, do ya? Him, him. Bond, James Bond. Say hello to my little friend. Yippy kayeh motherfucker! I see dead people. Houston we have a problem. Heeeeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee's Johnny!
y rl stor bout 3 tims with 3 diffrnt girls for guys
Analyze takes on a whole new meaning in the porn industry
2 in 1 people have multiple personality disorder.
1 mnth Im using this gd sex dting wbsite  Ive fund 3 diffetnt girls wh agreed for sx with me 3 times
Proper word usage is ironic.
My rl xprience. I didnt belive that Internt site n hl t find th girls fr s
I'm always frank with my sexual partners, I wouldn't want them to know my real name.
Banging a guy with a small dick is just fucking nuts
What kind f free nd god dating I have hosen? My first nd god life prin in the Internt
My dad bought horses because he wanted his life to be more stable.
Abacus Finch is a number lover!
Hermits unite!
One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got in my pajamas, I don't know.
What kind of fre and god dating site I have hosen? My good man experine in th Reddit
Cannibals are just people who are fed up with people
[FREE JIN] 100% Free-Se-Dting-Wbsit. Our girls r loking fr just fre-sex. embers re from all ovr th wrld. Dn't waste an more tim loking for fre-dting-sites.
Fre-nline-Dting
A Freudian architect is an architect with an Edifice complex
27[4F] Sex-n-th-First-Dat
I have a big dick, it's in my jeans.
Theres something weird about germaphobia but I can't put my finger on it.
I wont apologize and Im sorry if you have a problem with that
42C (107F) in Sydney - Soupe du jour was, "Ball"
Fre-nline-Dting
[FREE JIN] 100% Fre-Se-Dting-Website. Our girls r loking fr just fre-sex. Mmbers ar from all over th world. Join us today. Don't wast n mr tim looking for free-dting-sites.
[FRE] Online-Dting = Se n the First Date
If anorexic women want doctors to take them seriously, they should go on a hunger strike.
This pen that I stole from the bank is off the chain...
To be Frank, there's no reason to be Curt with me.
1 mnth Im using this gd s dting  Ive found girls who agred fr s
The kkk was anti union, that's fucked up man.
I'd love to meet the guy who killed Hitler.
Vegans can't produce cum, as they're not allowed to beat they're meat!
I hate porn stars because they're total sluts!
Where would we be without rhetorical questions?
Walked through the park the other day and saw an old man who was feeding the birds. First thing I thought to myself was "I wonder how long he's been dead".
I went skiing recently. It started fine but it was all downhill from there.
The worst part of being so tall is that my jokes go right over most peoples' head
My blind date didnt see anything in me
Of all the well hung men I've seen on the internet, Robin Williams is probably the best.
To learn sex Ed I did a broad for a semester.
I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it.
They say it's tough to deal with ED, but the truth is it never gets hard.
I knew, from the first time I saw my girlfriend, that she was a one.
Desserter (n) - someone who leaves before the washing up.
What does the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend.... Flush
I went to Paris for a semester abroad in high school; I went to their prom, the theme was a night in Denver Colorado.
I have some mood brass knuckles for times when I'm not quite sure if I want to beat the fuck out of someone.
The furniture committee had several chairmen
All women like their eggs scrambled.
Ever notice how sometimes, people use observational humor?
2 in 1 people have multiple personality disorder.
I was hit by a Prius, I didn't hear it coming.
I hate when people ask me what im going to be doing in 3 years, like idk man i don't have 2020 vision.
A screw up can install light bulb
Sadly everyone was sad, but luckily everyone was lucky!
Never take rocks for granite.
Sometimes, instead of saying "for example", I'll say something such as "such as" for example.
India has this great free healthcare system for people who break bones, it's called the caste system.
She felt a cat lick her foot and smiled, before she realized she never had owned a cat.
The zoom on my camera broke, now instead of zooming, I just walk closer to things.
2017 will be a prime year to minimize divisions.
I may have alzheimers, but at least i don't have alzheimers.
What i do blackes out is none of my business!
My carbon monoxide detector wont stop beeping, and its giving me a headache and dizziness and nausea.
What do you get when you put root beer in a square cup?
Vacuum puns suck.
I've been reading motivational books 14 hours per day.
I smoked pot for a whole month last night.
I heard Chris Brown talks about beating Rihanna in his new album: Chris Brown: All the Hits.
One-ply toilet paper gets the thumbs up ...regrettably.
I've got a terrible fear of speed bumps, but I'm slowly getting over it.
I didn't want to have the organ transplant at first, but then I had a change of heart
I think you have synaesthesia, do you see what I'm saying?
I was kicked out of my improv group for making a scene.
Life is a waste of time and time is a waste of life
I've seen better advice given by a Magic 8 Ball.
They tried to save him with an I.V. but it was all in vein
Food coloring makes me dye inside.
Infertility runs in my family.
I'm going to live forever or die trying.
For the record, my new turntable is great!
They gave me a Tetanus shot with a rusty needle.
Just when you thought 2016 couldn't get any worse. Wham.
I like to binge watch single episodes of TV shows
I used to steal Mitch Hedberg's jokes; I still do, but I used to too.
So a guy gave his friend 10 puns hoping one of them would make him laugh, sadly no pun in ten did.
"The snobbish burglar is running down the stairs" he said, as the condescending con descended.
My milk expired, so I renewed it.
I hate double standards, unless they are in my favor.
I'm on the whiskey diet, and it must be working well because I've already lost three days.
I asked my friend which member of the clergy he would bang, he said nun.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
I can't find a release date for the Star Wars: Rogue Two movie.
My girlfriend was the first woman kicked out of the louvre, you could say she broke the glass ceiling.
My teacher married his high school sweetheart, and it ruined his teaching career.
Waiter walks up to a table of Jewish mothers. Asks, "is anything OK?"
I used to snort coke, but the ice cubes kept getting stuck in my nose.
Your mouth spews shit and your anus is stuffed with meat
Rudolph the red nose reindeer teaches kids the important lesson that people dont like you until they find youre useful to them
Where do teenage archers shop for clothes?
I hate blasphemy goddamit!
Penultimate is my second favorite word.
The worst type of birth control, is eugenics.
A constipated guy walks into a pharmacy and orders something to go...
Cashier: Will that be cash or credit? Robber: Gun.
My waiter kept making mistakes while taking my order, he made a meal of it.
That boy has a 1 bit brain with a parity error.
Two wrongs don't make a right but two Wrights make an airplane
Paradise, to me, is two six sided number cubes.
Whether or not you like Soylent Green varies from person to person.
Sometimes I take my dick and pull it, just to create sexual tension.
I've heard that sex in the the woods is in tents.
My friend is a self-proclaimed master of irony, even though he doesn't know what irony means.
Study shows that oil fracking machine only causes earthquakes if being operated by a scantily clad arab woman.
I read my news like I drink my tequila. With a grain of salt.
I read my news like I drink my tequila. With a grain salt.
It's like what my friend with a speech impediment used to say: easier done than said.
Never make eye contact with another person while eating a banana. (x-post from /r/quotes)
After Monday and Tuesday, even the calendar says W T F
The asshole that uses too much TP is probably pretty clean
It's obvious that perfumes of everyday smells won't sell: It's just common scents.
I told my mother she was a hypochondriac, she said, "Well Im starting to get sick of you"
I got a deranged marriage
This bad thesaurus is so bad, it's bad
Just because there's a goalie, doesn't mean you can't score.
It's like what my friend with a speech impediment used to say: easier done than said
They say long distance relationships never work but I've been calling my girlfriend every day since she filed that restraining order.
When they go low, we get high.
I can't figure out why I did not get excepted to college.
If you are feeling cold, you should sit in the corner, its 90 degrees.
My mute friend got a parrot, now the bird knows sign language.
President-elect Trump stopped attending foreign affairs briefings after discovering that they aren't about sleeping around whenever he leaves the country.
Breaking News: Man divides math teacher following class.
Hitler thought that Germans were the best race by process of elimination.
I SWEAR TO GOD THERE'S ALWAYS A CAR TAILGATING MY TOW TRUCK.
The concept of odourless perfume makes no scents.
I can't do phone sex anymore, because apple removed the headphone jack.
I'm planning on making a device that splits open tiny nuts and seeds and I'm calling it "open sesame"
I'm planning on making a device that splits open tiny nuts and seed and I'm calling it "open sesame"
I think I might be adopted, because I really hit it off with this one couple.
The result of crossbreeding a melon and a collie produced sad and depressing results
If I had to choose one thing I was good at, out of all the conceivable things that I would be so inclined to consider, it would be brevity.
New report: Use of elevators on the rise.
I was talking to a North-African girl for hours, we just clicked
They say it's not gay if it's a three way, but I was fucking these two guys...
When the babies ran out of diapers, they made doo with what they had.
I could tell you about my secret plan to reduce murder rates, but then I'd have to kill you.
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
Jesus was a crossdresser.
I hear cannibals won't eat clowns. Apparently, they taste a little funny.
Walls
If I had to choose one person, it would definitely be you guys
Christmas is coming, you could be too.
I got a circular hot tub, goes to 360 degrees.
My milk expired, so I renewed it.
If you fall, I'll be there. -Floor
Build a man a fire and he is warm for a night, but set a man on fire and he is warm for life.
I'm a pacifist and I'm willing to fight anyone to prove it.
When writing, make a bunch of lists; it's good for your colon.
When you aren't making any sense, it's probably time to find a new job.
I'd tell you the joke about the robotic mining machine that started attacking humans, but it would probably bore you.
People love my dog, Ophelia, until I tell them to pet her.
Doing 69 gave me cancer.
There is a new apartment called the Oedipus Complex, everyone and their mom is moving there.
I gave you life, but I don't have a life.
Jet lag is a terminal illness.
If brains were gasoline, you couldn't drive an ant sized go-kart around the inside of a Cheerio.
You're so full of shit your eyes are brown.
Every time you ingest food coloring, you dye a little inside.
I got an AIDs vaccination with a used needle.
Jesus was a crossdresser.
Preventing childhood obesity is as easy as taking candy from a baby.
I made a belt out of wristwatches, but it turned out to be a waist of time.
America is the only place where people get in fist fights for good deals on things they don't need just one day after they say that they are thankful for what they have
Do gay midgets come out of the cabinet?
Hitler had all the Jews wear a yellow symbol of David on their chest, just so he could tell his troops, "Shoot for the stars."
I was distraught after breaking up with my girlfriend, but now I'm slowly coming to grips with myself.
You wouldn't know how to pour piss out of a boot if the instructions we're on the heel.
I took a photo while my plane was landing and got arrested for in-descent exposure.
I find it breathtaking how some people steal inhalers.
Sometimes I take my dick and pull it, just to create sexual tension.
Say what you will but I think FDR was the lamest president
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
How do you organize a space party?
Run, run as fast as you can, you can't catch me, I'm the gingerbread nigga
It would be really hard to overdose on viagra.
"There are many sides to every issue", I said, in a glowing review of Appetizer Magazine
My grandpa smelt toast right before he died from a house fire.
"Well, that was boring ass fuck.", the porn addict sighed after watching yet another anal scene.
Usage of musical dynamics idioms has never been my piano.
"You're dead to me" is a pick up line to a necrophiliac
I have a friend named Charlie Nguyen, but we call him Vietcong for short.
A regular looking buck just took off with my things; I guess you can say it was common deered.
My mute friend got a parrot, now the bird knows sign language.
My friend and I were arguing about the best part of a book we're both reading, but luckily we're both on the same page now.
I don't like to think about the time I worked on the paint counter at a DIY store.
If security is posted at the Samsung store, does that make them Guardians of the Galaxy?
A life in politics is full of parties
I play paintball will little balls of paint finisher.
My fucking goddamn parrot has fucking Tourette's.
I read a blog about how bad drinking is for you so I immediately quit reading blogs.
Two antennas got married yesterday. The wedding was alright but the reception was terrific.
"I won't stand for that!" - Achilles
2 in 1 people have multiple personality disorder.
Rape is a touchy subject.
A missing letter can make a word of difference.
I had a home security system, but someone broke in and stole it.
Im always worried my parents are going to find my alcohol, fermenting in the bathtub.
Two fortune tellers meet on the street. The first says, "You're fine, how am I?"
Looks like Hillary was Trumped at her own game.
My sister hates school, so she joined a foreign exchange program to Saudi Arabia.
Orange is the new black
People are making end of the world jokes like there's no tomorrow.
What does a male-to-female cross-dresser do on his/her birthday? Eat, drink, and be Mary.
Did you hear? JJ Abrams is rebooting the National Anthem and I WONT STAND FOR THAT
if a clown got breast implants, would they use sillycone?
I aint saying youre fat but your skinny jeans are JNCOs
Gas prices do not affect me as I just put in $20 every time.
I'm a libtard didn't you get the email? No? Oh yeah Hillary deleted it! 
Club penguin wouldn't be nearly as popular if it was called Club Seal
Once my sister was drowning, and we didnt know what to do, so we put her in a jar of rice.
If you can't be positive, just be double negative
I opened a drive thru liquor store, we didn't have many repeat customers.
Most prostitutes rub me the wrong way.
Parallel lines have so much in common, it's a shame they'll never meet. (This is more of a two line joke)
Parallel lines have so much in common, it's a shame they'll never meet.
My friend and I started talking about the solar system, it just happened, we didn't planet.
Enough with the Xzibit jokes.
That joke about never getting old jokes getting old got old real fast.
That joke about never getting jokes old getting old got old real fast.
Jokes about things not getting old get old.
Fountain of Youth jokes never get old.
I quit the furniture business because I completely ran out of stool samples...
being single
I'm not racist, I hate everyone equally.
What is the science of classifying living things called? Racism
If you ever feel sorry for yourself, just remember that some people are still in middle school.
This morning as I washed out my bowl of cereal, I realized my Life is going down the drain
I stayed up all night trying to remember if I have insomnia or amnesia
Im starting a 5k, Walk for obesity, we found the cure.
Lepers have a great sex life, but after a while it drops off.
If you can't blame a guy for trying, why is attempted murder a crime?
No one's perfect, especially you.
I'm so unlucky, I entered a radio contest, and won a year's supply of calendars.
Postmodernism sure taking credit for a lot of stuff
Dorian Gray jokes never get old
I used to love birthday punches, until they killed my 93 year old grandpa.
Make great America great again.
All I want is enough financial stability to not get excited about finding change on the ground.
They say getting a girl to sleep with you is like winning a game of chess but I prefer to pay with cash
That awesome moment when you get back from vacations and can finally poop in your OWN bathroom
Stealing mosquito repellant is really taking Off
I just lost my mood ring... not sure how I feel about this
My wife always wished that she was gifted, so I gave her away.
Incomplete sex stories tend to be somewhat anticlimactic
Plus size models go on hunger strike to increase wages.
Sometimes I wrap myself in bows and call myself gifted.
I have sensitive teeth; and I'm afraid I'll say something that will hurt their fillings.
After 1,26 billion of years one isotope of potassium said to another: We are gone
I never kiss my girlfriend after oral, no matter who she blows.
The sailor who ran Middle Earth's navy was known as the "Aye-Aye of Sauron."
I went to Chicago, the lobbies were at the top of the buildings.
I haven't seen a disease sequel this scary since twoberculosis.
Photosynthesis is such a slow process; it doesn't happen overnight.
"Low cut blouses will be looked down upon in this establishment."
Escapism has escaped me
There is no particular reason nuns wear black and white, it's just a habit they have.
My grandma says she rubbed Einsteins penis which is a stroke of genius.
I went to see Walt Disney on ice but it's just an old guy in a freezer.
My girlfriend started smoking.
Tried to go to the gym, didn't work out.
A lady told me that I had cute knuckles, but I know that it was just a backhanded compliment.
War is god's way of teaching Americans geography.
Sapiosexuals make me feel dumb, they're smart fuckers.
I'd be more apathetic if I weren't so lethargic.
People who are gluten free get a lot of hate, but I really respect them for going against the grain.
I'm worried my parents will find my alcohol, fermenting in the bathtub.
Fruit truck spills over, create's traffic jam
So a blind man walks into a bar
I didn't like my beard at first but it has grown on me.
I got fired as a hitman; I dont know why everyone I was told to take out said they had a lovely evening and were willing to go on a second date.
Of all the things
When chemists die they barium.
If you dont like murals, youre not looking at the big picture.
Single, because why let someone else ruin your life when you're perfectly capable of doing it on your own.
Im allergic to epipens.
I never burn bridges; I just fail to maintain them, and let them structurally degrade over time.
What do hand grenades and women have in common? - Pull the ring off and the house is gone
What's have hand grenades and women in common? - Pull the ring off and the house is gone
Being a Isis terrorist is so a la mode
I made my bed every day for a week. Honestly, it seems like a waste of lumber
Brownie a la mode is great, terrorist in allah mode, not so great.
I play paintball will little balls of paint finisher.
A Rabbi walks into a bar mitzvah
I took a public speaking class online.
When my friend told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down.
You know what really makes me angry is horses ridden by Roy Rogers. That's my Trigger.
When the Spice Girls reached the height of their popularity they brought on a new member named Pumpkin Spice - she marked the start of the fall.
This halloween, my girlfriend is dressing up as a slutty slut.
Google is a better search engine than America Online; us "Onliners" always end up in the wrong place.
Google is a better search engine than America Online. Us "Onliners" always end up in the wrong place.
This book on ignoring insults is so good I cant put it down
I'm Sigmund Freud, motherfucker.
I'm buying my wife a wooden leg for christmas. It's not her main present just a stocking filler.
I threw a boomerang once and now live in perpetual fear
I shipped a package of food to my old girlfriend because she was hungry. FedEx.
If you deep-fried a bed you'd have a tempura mattress.
How could my laptop crash when it claimed the drive was never hard?
Imitating a donkey makes you sound like an ass.
A psychic midget escaped from prison, the police said there was a small medium at large.
I think I might kill myself
Dwarf shortage
If some retards had an orgy, they'd be fucking idiots
My friend thanked me for the elephant I bought her but told her dont mention it.
You never know if a man with an eye patch is winking at you or just blinking.
It's easy to make friednds when you're a comedian.
If gasoline were brains some folks couldnt run a piss ants go cart two laps around a cherio.
Confucius said, "He who flies plane upside down has crack up"
Time flies when you're throwing clocks.
With great power comes great electricity bills.
Coarse toilet paper is a pain in the ass
You hear about that new broom they just came out with; it's sweeping the nation.
I heard a really dark joke about a blackout the other day
I prayed for peace, and when I closed my eyes I saw the US flag with hearts instead of stars!
Optimism: It's what gets me up in the morning.
My thesaurus is terrible, but it's not only that it's also terrible.
I nailed my Jewish girlfriend so hard she asked why have I forstaken her.
My self driving car crashed yesterday, because it wasn't that type of car.
Women wearing hats never wander far from their frosted flakes.
As my dad entered the bedroom, turning on the light, I jumped out from under the covers screaming "SURPRISE MOTHERFUCKER"
She had come to service his laptop, but his power cable snapped when engaging the RAM.
She had come to service his laptop, but left him needing repairs...
It was my first time at a horse race, so I couldnt decide whether to bet on Clinton or Trump.
If you are just happy to be barely breathing, you need bigger aspirations.
If I had a dollar for every time I've been told I'm racist, black people would try to rob me.
The store told me people wont buy my personal life size replicas like they would a figurine but I told them dont sell me short.
I drank my wife under the table, scrub.
One time in college, I drank enough alcohol to kill a horse, but decided that I was okay with just killing a few stray cats instead.
My new girlfriend likes to call out Pokemon names during sex, I find it a bit Oddish.
My girlfriend was the first woman kicked out of the louvre, you could say she broke the glass ceiling.
My jokes are getting pretty dry, does anyone have a little slapstick?
Your ginger was a hair too much for my taste.
David Blaine only gives the illusion that he's a magician.
I'm an accountant, but I don't know how to make a penny.
People who are afraid of child molesters need to grow up.
You know you're getting old, when you get a call girl to your room and you're hoping the massage is good.
I think there is an undercover cop at my school, the police training academy.
I haven't smoked in a year, plus didn't smoke before that.
Do you think that when realtors show the last house to potential buyers say "Last and certainly not Leased"?
My wife wanted to make a joke about domestic abuse but I beat her to it.
Damage from huffing paint is only permanent if you huff paint finisher too.
My uncle Jack got stuck on a horse. I had to help my uncle Jack off.
The four-foot tall clansman was a little racist.
I used to love birthday punches, until they killed my 93 year old grandpa.
I'm an archaeologist and my life is in ruins
I don't know what it is, but Raspberry Brisk is just not my cup of tea.
for me, LSD does not really help with a gum boil or a tooth pain
I go to the gym so infrequently I call it the James.
I went to the store and tried this great perfume called tester.
My name is Joe, but all my friends call me infrequently.
Ive had a falling out with my friends after I installed a trap door.
I just got a rear view camera, a colonoscopy
It's the little things that count; Fingers and toes, for example.
I joined a country club: the U.N.
Narrow minded people don't accept flat Earth theories just like there were people who wouldn't believe that the Earth is round.
Thinking about buying some tribal land but I have a few reservations
stay positive to the last day of your life
Never get into an argument with a schizophrenic and say "Who do you think you are?"
I sold my soul to the devil, and then a week later, he asked me what my return policy was.
Blowjobs suck
Some people have a way with words, others not have way.
Vaudeville was the YouTube of its day.
Dating a hair dresser has a lot of fringe benefits.
Knowing how to pick locks has really opened a lot of doors for me
I had a wonderful evening, but this wasn't it.
Say what you want about deaf people
I always use two forms of birth control, condoms, and abstinence.
Why do BMWs have turn signals?
have you shaved your pussy or is that a kind of breed?
I did some public speaking at a nudist convention; I was so nervous, I had to imagine them all fully clothed.
Apple has turned out to be one jack off with their new release
Taylor Swift tells me I need to stop name-dropping people I don't actually know...
I had a bad audition, but I acted like I didn't care.
I've said 'I've said it before and I'll say it again' before, and I'll say 'I've said it before and I'll say it again' again
Chinese joke: A man named dish was walking down the street when he was taken to be eaten.
Waking up this morning was an eye-opening experience.
Budweiser can't afford the company's private plane this year. It's just not in the budget.
"Good morning, Urology department. Can you hold?"
I had to pay a fine to keep from being put in jail for solicitation of a bribe
Every exit is a wheelchair accessible exit if they have enough determination
My father tells me I shouldn't procrastinate so much. I'll tell you about it someday.
If democrats and republicans both said being bisexual was okay, theyd be bi-partisan.
Sony is an Old Asian Stereotype
They say raising a child costs $300,000, but I think they're overpaying, because I pay 10 cents a day.
Why are we always so worried about wounded veterinarians?
I am usually scared to leave land, but sometimes I give into pier pressure
I have kleptomania, But when it gets bad, I take something for it.
on my way to the gym I saw a girl eating chips. how stupid have kids become to be eating chips so early in the morning without a beer
on my way to the gym I saw a girl eating chips. how stupid have kids become to be eating chips so early in the morning and not having a beer
on my way to the gym I saw a girl eating chips. how stupid have kids become to be having chips so early in the morning without even any beer
Flavored condoms have 3 grams of sugar per inch!
Just bought some aftershave that smells like breadcrumbs, the birds love it
I had to take my sausage dog back to the pet shop yesterday, the sausages he made are disgusting
They say weed is the cure all drug, I didn't know all drugs needed to be cured
Flavored condoms taste good, until they break.
I have a god complex, my son has a messiah complex.
My dog is really RUFF on his chew toys
I hate playing games with NaCl , it's too salty .
I like my toilet paper 3 ply, preferably a name brand...not to be anal.
My vocabulary is Lilliputian.
Apparently taking a day off is not something you should do when you work for a calendar company.
You can't run through a campground; you can only ran, because it's passed tents.
You can't run through a campground; you can only run, because it's passed tents.
open mic comedy in Syria: people are very supportive, but there will be no one left if anyone bombs
open mic comedy in Syria: people are very supportive, but there will be no one left if ANYONE bombs
I turned my microwave into a fire oven, and all I used was one small piece of metal.
My friend is a caricaturist, but he wanted to make more money so he became a police sketch artist, they didn't catch any criminals.
If I had an ear for every gender there was.
Using an umbrella when there isnt a cloud in the sky seem a bit shady to me
I love my doctors bad hand writing; as long as there is a gullible pharmacist
I know that you are a mermaid because you bring the seaman out of me.
Does anyone else, when buying earphones, checks how will they fit &amp; feel if you get suckerpunched in the ear?
I never thought I would say this - successful speech therapy patient.
Man, choking on sugar seems like the sweetest way to die!
Some people live their lives according to a code. So do I -- Morse code.
20 [m4m] cum tribute for young brace face teen
most valued gifts are those you make yourself. like meth
Insects really bug me.
The login input fields spend the night at a hotel. Password stays for breakfast.
Gorilla memes are doing the Cincinnati Zoo more Harambe than good
The worst type of birth control, is eugenics.
Either they're doing construction in my apt building or the lesbian couple downstairs are having the time of their lives.
Is it a butt dial or a booty call?
You know, you're pretty tall for someone your height.
Have you heard the story about the Mexican train killer; that guy had some loco motives
People still debate about Curt Kobain's suicide but if you ask me i's a no brainer.
When my friend told me he's finally going to watch Back to the Future, I told him it's about time.
a recent poll showed that 4 out of 5 people enjoy gang bangs
The man who fell into the upholstery machine is now recovered.
Of course the most important blood cells are white
Of course the best blood cells are white
Im not bulimic I just always eat way too much right before I ride the roller coaster that is life
Death is hereditary.
Are overweight twins considered co-morbidly obese?
I've got to admit, when I said that I lied in my confession, that wasn't only the truth.
My psychiatrist said I had a compulsive need for control and I was forced to remind him he wasnt to speak unless spoken to.
All the psychics I go to are either too depressing or too angry, when all I'm looking for is a happy medium.
Be there or be square because you won't be a round!
If you're not there, you're square; cause you're sure as hell not a round.
I got a circular hot tub, goes to 360 degrees.
The impulse to sing The Lion Sleeps Tonight is just a whim away.
How do the Malaysians get to the Olympics with no planes.
I can't watch football anymore cause touchdowns are offensive.
I just can't stand being in a wheelchair
I took some sleeping pills and drank a cup of coffee
I'm going to leave this world the same way I came into it, prematurely.
I wanted to get in touch with my feminine side, so I called my twin sister.
I sponsor an alcoholic; I pay for his bar tab.
I caught a fish on my first attempt and figured I was a natural, turns out it was just a fluke
I tried to reason with the executioner, but I was cut off.
Don't buy anything at a dry goods store with a leaky roof
I heard Chris Brown talks about beating Rihanna in his new album: Chris Brown: All the Hits.
Guys with only one testicle always have a ball.
I asked my friend which member of the clergy he would bang, he said nun.
I shit in Hondas like it's my Civic duty
I shit in Hondas like it's my civic duty
Next time I walk onto a stage: You guys look good in your underwear.
As I said before, I never repeat myself.
Nothing brings the kid out of a women better than an abortion!
I tried to build a bottomless pit. But there was a floor in the plan.
Some of my most cultured jokes are about yogurt.
I'm creating oneliners about the apocalypse like there's no tomorrow.
I'm starting a business, I have a 9-5 job available, so if you know any kids that age.
I pin magnets to my corkboard.
Im a pescatarian, Im like a vegan, but I eat a ton of shark fin soup.
I'm a sex symbol, I symbolize abstinence.
That Toad from Mario sure is a real FUN GUY!
Flatfootedness has always been my arch nemesis
I found out my birth mother is a calendar model, now I get to see her every March.
I'm more pumped for the Olympics than a Russian athelete
I would be so lost without my GPS
Me and my receding hairline? We go way back.
My body is a temple, because 100s of Jews have been in it.
Last weekend we went to a very emotional wedding, even the cake was in tiers.
I hate being bipolar.. it's awesome!
My conjoined twin and I are not as close as we used to be, I guess we are just different people now
My conjoined twin and I not as close as we used to be, I guess we are just different people now
Autocorrect can QUACK MY DUCK
Abstinence club is the only club allowed to discriminate based on sex.
Food poisoning is literally draining
A buddy of mine hasn't ever seen Good Will Hunting...
I've failed maths so many times I can't even count
Violent video games make kids violent? Do sports video games make kids athletic?
He ducked, I goosed, and it was all around in circles from there.
What did the drummer/internet marketer say after hearing a fantastic one liner?
Did you know, that in a blind taste test, 90% of people said that all blind people taste the same?
Conspiracy theorists dont exist, man. The government wants you to think they do so you wont bother to LEARN THE TRUTH.
Never judge a song by its cover.
I bought knock-off brand I can't believe it's not butter, it was butter.
What did one thirsty sunflower say to the other thirsty sunflower? "Where da hose at?"
I've been reading this great book on anti gravity, man is it hard to put down.
The difference between the almost right word and the right word is really a large matter - 'tis the difference between the fleshlight and the flashlight.
I used to love birthday punches, until they killed my 93 year old grandpa.
I made my girlfriend a coupon book for her birthday; on the bottom it says one coupon per customer
I threw caution to the wind, along with the plane.
The Power Rangers were the only organization in history that desired to recruit teenagers with attitude
My girlfriend asked me if I wanted her to shave before we had sex for the first time; I said no honey, your mustache looks fine.
Chuck Norris punched himself in the head so hard he's voting for Trump
Chuck Norris punched himself in the head so hard he's voting for Trump
Good to see you living the life that your CEO engineered for you to live.
Do you know what apple calls their new sprinkler system? iDew.
Im 1/64th Cherokee, you see, 4 generations ago, my great great grandfather decided that he wanted his kids to get into college.
Im 1/64th Cherokee, you see, 4 generations ago, my grandfather decided that he wanted his kids to get into college.
Im 1/64th Cherokee, you see, 2 generations ago, my grandfather decided that he wanted his kids to get into college.
I ducking hate auto cucumber
Just converted to Buddism #YOLO.
A little pain never hurt anybody.
If Apple made VR, it would be called eyeOS.
'I see' said the blind man to the deaf man, walking round the corner and bumping into the lamppost.
I have a fear of commitment, I can't even commit suicide.
I used to love birthday punches, until they killed my 93 year old grandpa.
When my doctor told me I lost my sense of smell, I told him he made no scents.
You know how people spray perfume on their wrist to test it, I do that with spray paint.
Does it still count as necrophilia if you're dead inside?
#Justlikethat A goodbye is nothing but an official cutoff.
I'm not saying that there is anything wrong with being left handed, i'm just saying, it's not right.
I just flew in from Jim Henson's Muppet training academy, and boy, are my arms wired.
I had a home security system, but then someone broke in and stole it.
John the flasher was thinking about retiring, but decided to stick it out for another year.
The other day I to pick up a mushroom stew, but I wasn't stroganoff
I have a fear of commitment, I can't even commit suicide.
I met a guy who invented a process to make cows younger and though I asked him about it, he wouldn't re-veal anything
I can't wait to ask for the WIFI password at my hotel in Australia so I can say "I come for the LAN down under"...
A man died having sex today - at least he died doing what he loved.
Pfizer create new make contraceptive called Crocs.
Sometimes I take my dick and pull it, just to create sexual tension
I wasn't sure if I wanted to keep my new mattress or not, so I decided to sleep on it...
I initially didn't like having long nails, but they're growing on me.
I cant stop thinking I might have hypochondria.
I caught the uncommon cold.
Ceiling fans blow my mind.
I went on a positive thinking course.
I'm trying to find out how many people hate taking surveys, I don't know how to do it.
I dont have a license to kill, I have a learners permit.
 op  OpBoGo1.com
Missing children are a lost cause.
I used to take mental pictures, but then Id have to shake my head to print them out.
See-saws dont live a balanced life.
Edward Scissorhands wet the bed until he was 10, then he stopped sleeping on a water bed.
I have a conspiracy theory that all other conspiracy theories are started by the government.
The ocean is salty because land doesn't wave back.
Just the thought of having insomnia keeps me awake at night.
I bought a years supply of calendars.
In my previous life, I was an atheist.
I'm a chick magnet, but we're the same pole.
Midichlorians are the powerhouse of the Force
Maybe paraplegic insomniacs can sleepwalk, they'd never know.
I really need to step up on my stair jokes.
My Indian friend has been trying to convert me to his religion... he's really starting to make me Sikh.
That hospital was so cheap their IVs used high fructose corn syrup.
My friend is a gay claustrophobe, he had to come out of a walk in closet.
I have the attention span of a
Yesterday I had a brief encounter with a lady in an underwear store.
dubstep is like listening those transformers-like creature having sex
I'm going to name my pet: peeve.
Life and Limbo start with the same letters.
I have a god complex, my son has a messiah complex.
What happens in Vegas, stays in the police reports.
I got a bumper sticker that said: I rather have a vanity plate.
I've decided to join the whole kombucha craze because I want to feel more cultured.
I got a bumper sticker that said: I rather have a vanity plate.
I feel like I watch Groundhog Day everyday.
I put my shrink ray in the dryer.
Dude, acidity levels are fat with a pH!
Jokes about the menstrual cycle aren't funny...Period!!!
My therapist told me reverse psychology doesnt work, I think it does.
I made a vaccine for autism.
If they invented shorts first, would we call pants longs?
Trump should make a progressive rock album like the Pope but call it "The wall"
Hyperbole is literally the best thing ever
Farmer: Is my pig gonna be okay? Vet: Yes, just apply the oinkment. I ham so sorry. I don't know what's bacon me say these things
My goddamn fucking parrot has fucking Tourettes.
TIL: If your inflatable sex doll starts crying it's not developing feelings for you, it just needs emptying
Once I met a girl with twelve nipples, sounds funny dozen tit?
I started an antisocial club, Im the only member
YouTube added an ad-free version called YouTube Red, why don't they call it Redtube?
I hate it when my girlfriend calls me Hun, I'm like, call me by my first name, Attila.
I killed two birds with one stone, then I was kicked out of the National Wildlife Reserve.
The shooter in Orlando shot up a nightclub, we know it was malevolent because everybody already had their hands up.
India has this great free healthcare system for people who break bones, it's called the caste system.
I heard the marathon in death valley ended in a dead heat.
One of my personalities has a multiple personality disorder
I got a police escort, she was more expensive than a normal escort.
If you dont like murals, youre not looking at the big picture.
Today, 6/19/16, is the most confusing day in the ghetto
Hezbollah sex dolls are the only kind that blow themselves up
I went to a gluten-free vegan asian fusion restaurant, they only sold imitation tofu.
I think vibrators should be illegal. god made adam and eve not florence and the machine
Never throw scissors, you might lose your scissors.
I ate imitation tofu, tasted disgusting.
I have a fear of being around lots of people so my doctor recommended group therapy.
I picked up this transexual the other day, boy was she heavy.
Duck autocorrect
Misery loves company
Hitler had all the Jews wear a yellow symbol of David on their chest, just so he could tell his troops, shoot for the stars.
I like reading and my roommate likes movies so we compromised and used subtitles.
India has a great healthcare system for if you break a bone, it's called the caste system.
Cure to bestiality: Therapy dogs.
India recently legalized arranged gay marriage, it's their version of population control.
Masturbating with lube gets out of hand.
If you want to travel Europe but don't want all the drugs and profanity, try going to Amsterdang.
If you want to travel Europe but don't want all the drugs and profanity, try going to Amsterdang.
Someone rang me up today and tried to sell me a coffin.
My imposter syndrome is having self doubts
I was a ventriloquist until I was caught lip syncing.
I only buy locally-sourced imported goods.
I'm schizophrenic and so am I
Male-on-male rape is an anus crime.
Those damn Asians and their ricism...
They should call perfume reodorant.
When I was on acid, I actually tasted colors, they tasted a lot like paint.
When I was on acid, I actually tasted colors, it tasted a lot like paint.
The Himalayas are like my topography grade, below c level.
I took a crash course on airplane flying.
Hate-crimes? I hate crimes.
I didn't learn what the word precocious meant until I was in my 30s
I opened an issue of Popular Mechanics, but I started getting bummed out by how many friends all these mechanics had
Fossil fuels give me gas.
I bought a rape whistle, turns out it was a dog whistle, I was getting raped and I blew it and a bunch of dogs came.
I think that if you raise a animal just to eat it, you should refer to it as your pet food
I bought a rocking chair that mimics the shaking patterns of famous earthquakes.
A sperm bank is the only bank where you make a deposit and lose interest.
I've been known to make menstruation puns periodically.
A sperm bank is a good place for men who are hard up for money.
There are no rivers in Egypt.
I'll never forget the time I slapped Dwayne Johnson's ass, I hit rock bottom.
I bought one size fits all underwear, it only fit 3 people!
Did you hear about /r/The_Donald's new business venture?
Did you hear about /r/The_Donald's new business venture?
Have your heard the one about the conductor that touched the third rail?
Reading the first sentence of Wikipedia's article on the DunningKruger effect was all it took to make me an expert on the subject.
I've had short term memory loss for as long as I remember.
____________________________________
When I slapped Dwayne Johnson's ass, I hit rock bottom.
Cure to Bestiality: Therapy dogs.
I dont like making jokes about mentally retarded midgets because they are short and simple.
The skater couldn't participate because he got cold feet.
I hear a lot of terrorists have self destructive tendencies.
I heard on his new album, Chris Brown talks about beating Rihanna, it's called Chris Brown: Greatest Hits.
If I objectify and beat my girlfriend, is it substance abuse?
I bought a rape whistle, turns out it was a dog whistle; I was getting raped and I blew it and a bunch of dogs came.
My wife fell down the stairs at an abortion clinic, saved me $400.
I've Heard that Depp is in some trouble.
Pro-Life Tip: Don't get an Abortion
"I came as quickly as I could!" said the Premature Ejaculation Man.
I'm getting an arranged marriage, it's an arranged gay marriage.
I thought www.orientaltrading.com was a human trafficking website.
I turned my microwave into a fire oven, and all I used was a piece of metal.
God is dead. And this killed him
My Arab friend recently got 72 girlfriends.
Only assholes get enemas
There is an arms race going on right now, in the paralympics
(Air Horn)... (Another airhorn)
I'm not saying I don't date fat women, but size does matter.
My teacher married his high school sweetheart, and it ruined his teaching career.
The man was sad about losing the junk food eating contest because he had a chip on his shoulder.
I played socialism poker the other day, whoever has the most money is big blind.
My Dad got re-married and his new wife has a midget son, he hates when I call him my half brother.
My marriage involves a lot of give and take...
There's no I in denial
When asked why she wasn't passionate about building software for filing taxes, she said "I'm just not Intuit."
Schrodinger needs to think outside of the box.
I bought a circular hot tub, it goes up to 360 degrees.
Before the launch of the boat-shaped dildo, it's maker said: "fuck it, ship it."
If i dance with a polish girl, does it counts as a pole dancing?
I got an autism vaccination.
Anorexic vampires use blood thinners.
I'm not superstitious, but I heard if you say something it might become true.
Cubism paintings are really easy to do if you use graph paper.
Me getting up voted is like spelling weigh with an "f"...
I think this waitress is hitting on me; she just called me hot plate
Right before he died, the drive-by victim told the medic that he had shooting pains
I like to use big words, even ones I don't understand...
How do you not know what orphans want, its apparent.
Guys who don't watch porn must have good imaginations.
My brother can't walk so he joined a one step program.
Australians don't have sex. Australians mate.
I tried to color code chameleons, it was so hard.
The hardest thing I have tried to do is color code chameleons.
My doctor asked me about my sexual history, I told him to talk to the hand.
My friend burnt himself on a roast beef sandwich, so I asked him,"Au jus alright?"
My dictionary goes in chronological order.
Women say no means know, but from what I've learned, maybe also means no.
I tried to learn the Trumpet, but I blew it.
Similes are like metaphors are to analogies.
Metaphors are my kryptonite.
Played hide and seek at a gym, someone spot me.
I bought washable markers the other day; tried to wash them, and they turned all my clothes tie dye.
I hear a lot of terrorists have self destructive tendencies.
I wanted to tell a gay joke, but fuck it.
One time I was passing this map store and the owner goes, Hey buddy, you look a little lost, so I told him not to patronize me.
I am a sex symbol, I symbolize no sex.
I combined all my wrist watches to make a belt.
I sponsor an alcoholic; I pay for his bar tab.
I am a sex symbol; a symbol of no sex.
I watch so many true crime tv shows that now Im in the witness protection program.
Complementary food always makes me smile
I had a double major in college, reverse-psychology and reverse-engineering; so if the market ever flips...
Lets all give a moment of silence for tinnitus.
I used to be a successful doctor...
Leave a dog in a hot car for two hours and he will die, but leave a child in the same car for two hours, and he will kill your dog.
I got 99 problems but a list ain't one.
I realized that I was a weird kid when I had to come out as straight to my parents.
You miss 100% of the shits you don't take.
The only thing higher than humans on the food chain are cannibals.
I read a book about engineering and I learned a lot, but then I read a book about reverse-engineering and forgot it all.
I don't care what the gender of the baby is, I just want it to be happy, healthy, and not mine.
I was raised by a single mom...and a single dad one of each.
I do a lot of Martial arts...and crafts; I do like paper mache tanks and stuff
I never arrive on time, but i do cum early.
I shipped my friend a boomerang for his birthday but I forgot to include a return address.
[insert loud fart here] followed by - "Did anyone just here what that ASSHOLE said?"
''No one ever notices I use two apostrophes in place of my quotes.'' - Me
If I were a tiny bit more humble, I'd be perfect
Went to confession, that priest didn't confess to shit!
I'm starting a 5k, walk for obesity; we found a cure.
Im addicted to time travelling, Im taking it one day at a time.
I like the band the police because when they say put your hands up you don't know whether to be scared or excited.
I thought my girlfriend talks during sex, turns out, she just talks in her sleep.
I wrote a DIY book with the help of a ghostwriter.
You know what they say about guys who pretend they have big feet, they probably have low self esteem.
Being a pimp is probably the world's second oldest profession.
People ask me if I'm pro life, I'm not that good at life.
There's something weird about germaphobia but I can't put my finger on it.
We stand behind our promises. All zero of them.
mini me is a great actor but i trust him about as far as i can throw him.
Tried to go to the gym, didn't work out.
How did I escape Iraq? Iran.
If you don't like murals, you're not looking at the big picture.
A pessimist's blood type is always B-negative
I don't not hate double negatives.
I thought hopscotch was just a really hard sudoku.
My rice got wet, so I put it in a bowl of rice.
My student-teacher had an identity crisis.
Eastern European jokes have a very knish market.
The white trash is working on a movie and I've already seen the trailer.
My dad's a miner and my mom's a miner; wait no, my dad's a pedophile and my mom's a minor.
I have to choose whether to be indecisive or wishy-washy.
My dad is a washed up diver.
My vocabulary is lilliputian.
I'm a junior in high school now, so I'm at that time in my life when all my friends are starting to have kids.
I thought my in-laws were criminals but that would make them outlaws.
I asked the children's entertainer to tie my penis into a balloon animal but she said it was too hard.
Every time I read a film is rated R for "brief sexuality", I assume there's a sex scene but the guy doesn't last long
Small towns are like early RPGs: they'd be much better if there weren't so many random encounters.
I take a class called binary code 101.
I take a doodling class, and when I'm bored in class, I write essays.
The early bird catches the worm, but the late worm catches a break.
The zoom on my camera broke, now instead of zooming, I just walk closer to things
I asked the children's entertainer to bend my penis into a balloon animal, but she said it was too hard.
My life insurance rates went up, and it almost gave me a heart attack.
I was voted "Most Likely to Rig a School Election."
How many dyslexics does it change to take a lightbulb?
Did you hear the story about time travelling Jesus? It's the 'Relativity Nativity'.
As my grandfather always said, "the day I can't do my job drunk is the day I turn in my badge and gun."
I wonder if in a school for witches, school shooters come in with a water gun.
I asked my North Korean friend how it was there. He said he couldn't complain.
I was kicked out of my improv group for making a scene.
I asked my doctor if the damage from huffing paint would be permanent, he said only if I huffed paint finisher too.
I'm trying to find out how many people hate taking surveys; I don't know how to do it.
I decided to face my fears and meet with my rapist in prison...for a conjugal visit
Whenever I look at a calender I realise my days are numbered.
The two most common fears are fear of public speaking and fear of death, which makes eulogies really scary.
My friend is a gay claustrophobe...he had to come out of a big open space
I'll never forget the first day we brought my sister home from the hospital
My girlfriend and I have been in an open relationship for three months now...and she still doesn't know.
How many light bulbs does it take to screw in a dyslexic person.
I'm on hunger strike until I've lost some weight.
it took me a long time to realize I was a slow learner
Fun fact: it's possible to be vegan and shut the fuck up about it
Keep an eye out for pirates.
There was a sick frog sitting on a log, and without warning he croaked.
I ground up some chalk to soften the blow.
If an alcoholic man beats his wife, is she considered beer battered?
Im saving up for a piggy bank.
I'm schizophrenic, and so am I.
If I was a cashier, I'd make them pay; I'D MAKE THEM ALL PAY!!!
Justice isn't blind, but it is deaf dumb, and retarded.
I didn't find the stud finder, it found me
I got a photography gig this weekend. It won't pay well but it'll be great exposure!
I got a photography gig this weekend. The pay isn't great but it'll be great exposure!
My friend told me a race war was starting, but I'm a pacifist and I had to leave the country so I just told her I'd be white black.
4/22: The Sequel
I think its wrong that only one company makes the game Monopoly.
I think its wrong that only one company makes the game Monopoly.
Two wrongs don't make a right... but two Wrights make a plane.
My 2016 list of Oneliners thus far....
Before you judge a man, walk a mile in his shoes. After that, who cares? He's a mile away, and you've got his shoes!
When someone gets something wrong on Jeopardy, does Alex Trebek question his own answer?
My smilodon is getting long in the tooth.
If you kill someone during an earthquake, is it murder by default?
Being hyperbolic is literally my biggest fear.
i thought up a song then forgot it and have buyer's regret for the things i could have bought with the money, especially the boat.
When I first heard the word "Emoji" I pictured a gangster listening to My Chemical Romance.
If the Catholic Church had a giant fighting robot, would it be called The Holy Sacramech?
My cousin just died. He was only 19. He got stung by a bee - -the natural enemy of a tightrope walker.
For some people, counting isn't as easy as 1, 3, 4
The average medical tools should suture needs.
Like most people my age I'm 20 years old
I beat my wife up this morning because she took sleeping pills
That little tiny voice in the back of my head keeping telling me Im shouldnt be swallowing a leprechaun
Natalie Portmanteau
A woman must do with a dick pick as she would do with a dick. Take it.
The limey returned his Citroen because it was a lemon.
y = mx + b
My friend recently won an award for being the laziest kleptomaniac. You really have to hand it to him...
I saw a news report last night about people's attention spans declining. Well, some of it.
I was at a mirror shop, and said to the clerk "Stop gawking at me like an idiot and help me out!" and he replied, "I'm over here, sir."
Breastfeeding is draining
I had this great joke about Jonestown but the punchline was too long.
The trouble with communist jokes are that they are funny only if everyone gets it.
My girlfriend and I just watched the fifth element, and it sure was boron
Humans, along with pretty much every other mammal, come from where their father came.
joke
Birdman's Poster, or (The Unexpected Virtue Of Hitting 'Justify')
I'll give you my books only if you're not a void function.
People who use metaphors are assholes.
There's a new Ted Talk about procrastination, I've been meaning to watch it for a while now.
Kids were sticking gum on clouds so they invented skyscrapers.
If you did me a favor, and I paid you back in cephalopods is that Squid pro quo ?
Dr. Pepper is a Dr. but what kind, probably a fizzsicist
Justice is- A rapist who gets an erectile dysfunction
I'd love to an actor, but I'd always forget the... oh what's the word.
Don't let my glasses fool ya, I am actually really dumb
Every bitch needs a good bone occasionally
I may not be black, but I can still steal your heart
Just ask Tommy... Hilfiger it out.
Everyone seems to think the world about freedom these days. While ate the same time, the world is a gain prison in the form of a planet.
"My bad" is the same as "I'm sorry" unless you're at a funeral.
That means the opposite coming from you.
My opinion is better than yours.
I threw an orgy last night, but nobody came.
I was going to tell my friend a joke about a Black Hole but it didn't matter.
If Popeye was a millennial, instead of eating a can of spinach, he would eat a can of kale.
I tried to read a book on autocannibalism but the author was too full of himself.
When I was young I studied a broad
My mute friend got a parrot...now the bird speaks sign language
The best damn decision I've made all day was looking in the mirror and calling myself a nigger lover.
Clandestine electronic eavesdropping really bugs me.
I'm terrible at self-deprecation.
I have a joke about dramatic irony, I just can't tell you
I could use some help: I want to write a haiku, but I don't know how.
What do you call a Spanish comedian who tells short, single sentence jokes?
A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
how much can you eat?
I could never get the hang of sitting in a hammock
What does American beer and sex in a canoe have in common?
The existentialism in the universe is just beyond me.
One a scale of 1 to 10, how much are you a black and white thinker?
I was told I have to put my grandma in a home, because she'll die, living out on the street
My wife was gangraped by a group of mimes...
Most of Pareto's Law came from Pa
A secateurs prunes roses, a Non sequitur prunes.
  sh1vbp
Parents should never have to bury their children, so I'm getting mine cremated.
I dont follow tradition and neither did my father or his father before him
Pig puns are so boaring.
I wanted to be an astronaut when I was a kid but my parents told me the sky was the limit
I don't think I need a spine. It's holding me back.
for an endless supply of one liners...
What was Forest Gump's email password? "1forrest1"
I asked my boss how many trash liners to put in the new barrel at work and she told me "just make it a one-liner" so here I am.
It's pointless to debate when the candidates' arguments are rooted in phallacy.
I tried neutering a whale but it was horribly orcastrated.
You're like a positive, non-square discriminant; irrational and unequal
I hate it when people use big words to make themselves sound perspicacious.
I always bust out the premature ejaculation jokes a lil too early.
Say it with me: "I will not succumb to the urge to make an oral sex pun."
Newton's Third Law is no push-over
I measure my coffee intake in units of the LD50.
Being addicted to cigarettes is a real drag, man.
Trump: "Foreign Policy?, if you mess with the United States, there will be hell toupee."
Biggie Smalls was an oxymoron.
Zika? Who doesn't like a little head?
Wherever you go, there you are
Trust me I am liar. Seriously.
A man went to the doctor and told him that he had 6 strawberries stuck up his butt. It's okay though the doctor had some cream for it
The guy that did my circumcision was so good, I left him a tip
My room is not a mess...
No matter how kind you are, German children are kinder.
Why did Supreme Judge Scalia die? I thought he was pro-life?
L'chaim Hitler
Geology rocks!
PMS jokes are not funny. Period.
When you have a bladder infection, urine trouble.
I'm so angry about terrorism that I'm going to boycott using Arabic numerals!
Warning! On this website people find sex at night
The biggest revelation about Scalia dying from a heart attack is that he actually had a heart.
I hate my mom because she always smothers me with hugs.
'Allahu Akbar!' is the Arabic equivalent of 'YOLO!'
'Allahu Akbar' is the YOLO of the arabs.
Shout out to people who don't know what the opposite of in is!
Roses are Red, Violets are blue. Its Time to Elect, a Socialist Jew.
It's so cold in Toronto that time itself is starting to freeze!
Dating IS a lot like blackjack. I'm trying for 21 but hitting on 14 [NSFW]
Russian roulette can be totally mindblowing
LED there be light!
A man went to a doctor and told him he had 3 horses up his butt. The doctor confirmed he's in a stable condition
A guy at work asked me where the tea was.. I told him it's between S and U
Apparently Rick Astley is already struggling with lent.
How do you keep an idiot in suspense?...
Best joke ever, kills me every time I hear it.
Want to know how to disappoint somebody?
I was voted "most likely to travel back in time" class of 2045.
The great thing about Karma is you can go in the street and randomly punch somebody and be sure he deserved it.
To say, "half of one, six dozen of the other," is to make a gross error.
I named my dick "the concept" because you can try to grasp it, but it won't come easy for ya' unless you're willing to use your head.
They stole my mood ring, and I don't know how to feel about it.
Sic Semper Omnes.
My friend's friend is my friend. My friend's girlfriend is my friend. My friend's boyfriend is just a scum.
The United States is an Obamanation
Have you heard the joke about the baby with AIDS?
Trump has no Cruz control
today we have reached  2016
Make sure never to use low octane fuel- it can make your engine retarded.
I saw a sign that said Falling Rocks so I tried and it didn't.
if Donald Trump gets elected there'll be hell toupee
I like to go to the library and ask the clerk: I'm looking for a book called "How to deal with rejection without killing." ... Do you have it?
Studies say that in England sex education has flopped.
Suicide is off the table because my parents would kill me!
Bad comic book knowledge is to me as kryptonite is to spiderman
I gave a guy a $5,000 loan for plastic surgery, and now I don't know what he looks like
Everything I say is a lie
I never speak in absolutes.
Blanket statements are NEVER good.
Any Restaurant's a drive-thru if you go fast enough.
camping is for all in tents and purposes outside
The German work ethic is much like their love for Punjabi women, they do every Singh they can.
in addition to making cookies, keebler elves also manufacture elvensuds, a type of elf soap made from horse dung.
_______________________________________
Wit is like a novelty hat; it's there for amusement and usually goes over the heads of idiots.
I had to fold on my dream to open my own tailoring business because my plans were income pleat and hanging on a thread.
I live life in the present... like the fish in the aquarium that I got for Christmas.
Hitler had a thing for Punjabi women, he did every Singh he could.
I have huge aspirations; I'm almost certain that I can hold my breath for about 5 minutes.
french tarzan is human but the thing he swings from is de vine.
Abortion really brings out the kid in you
Shoutout to toilets, for dealing with my crap this whole time.
"No comments! And don't quote me on that"
How would you know if you were lycsedix?
Welcome to the Entropy Bar, may I take your order?
I'll get sick if I continue working as a doctor.
So I threw up in my trashcan, but it was a mesh trashcan.
She had more plastic surgery than a stable of Korean Pop Idols
Trump, if elected, will ban coffee imports because it's Arabica.
The eccentric CEO made Colonel Walter Kurtz look like Fred Astaire.
The eccentric CEO made Walter Kurtz look like Gene Kelly.
Negro Reacts To Being Called Ugly For First Time
Whats Ugly About Black Power Apart From The Faces
I have too high of standards to date my identical clone.
One fifth of people are just too tense!
Electronic banking reduces white trash.
Why are so many black celebrities accused of rap?
The spotted elephant was a patchy-derm.
He vomited so bad that the toilet flushed.
If a midget with down syndrome shows up late for work is it ok to say she's a little tardy?
I'm wearing 2 watches so I can have a lot of time on my hands
Nothing works better than Homeopathy
Our alcohol club has a soccer problem
If you don't believe something incredible you won't do the impossible, and by incredible I mean "sounds like a stinkin lie".
Thats enough about me let's talk about my job
I walked down a street where the houses were numbered 64K, 128K, 256K, 512K and 1MB. That was a trip down memory lane.
Ebola's not a problem anymore, don't sweat it.
Selling your soul to the Devil is one hell of a deal.
If women were like chess pieces there would be no war
I've got a good knock knock joke, you start.
People in wheelchairs are so lame.
tfw americans think it's 1/1/2016 but it's actually 1/1/2016.
Ever get so into eating you had to tuck your napkin into your pants?
Oxidation is the reason I have rust issues.
I've never had affluenza, but I've got a chronic case of povertiberculosis.
You may call me a pessimist, but I don't see 2016 lasting more than 12 months.
Pick-up Artists and Garbagemen should switch job titles
Shouldn't life insurance really be called death insurance?
Shouldn't the family planning section of drug stores be called family prevention?
Dickblock. Apply directly to the forehead.
I can't imagine anything more painful than watching childbirth
TIL this is the wrong sub for this
Laziness: doing things properly the first time.
Plungers are like back-ups.
This should be a short day.
This guy was going on and on about the dangers of hoverboards...
I cannot see the word Cosplay without thinking someones getting roofied.
Say that again but this time pause for air so it has some punctuation.
We don't negotiate with terrorists...except for the price of the weapons we are selling them.
Jokes with punch lines can be painfully funny.
I use to be a baby but I grew out of it.
I went to the zoo the other day and the only exhibit they had was of a dog. It was a shit zoo.
I drink so i don't get addicted to sobriety
I put laxatives in the pot brownies for shits and giggles.
I said where do you want to go for your anniversary and she said take me somewhere I've never been before, I said the kitchen.
The hardest part of being happy in the 1920's was telling your parents you're gay.
There is too many cutscenes in the saw video game!
Soo the hotel maid walked in on me naked...
An untalented gymast walks into a bar
Someone asked me where I see myself in 5 years. I couldn't answer because I don't have 2020 vision.
If my wife made whiskey, I'd love her still.
Andre The Giant was always a man I looked up to.
High school is merely the foreplay before college slams it's long, unlubed penis up your butt.
I'm not gay, I hate the taste of dick.
Sometimes I hate being Bi-Polar. It's awesome.
 is pig latin for 
People say cocaine is addictive, bullshit I've been doing it for nearly 20 years now, I should know.
2 boys get stopped by a cop one for trying to eat a battery the other for sticking fireworks up his butt, one gets charged, the other gets let off.
In life you wanna be the taint, somewhere between a total pussy and a complete asshole
My gran once had a bad stroke, so i screamed at her "its not fucking good enough" and pushed her into the bunker
Jared from Subway said he loved having sex with twenty eight year olds.
There's only 21 mass shootings til Christmas.
I'll bet you 40 bucks I have a gambling problem.
I plan on opening a feminist co-op collective specializing in Jewish antiquities, and calling it Labia Menorah.
Make American Bern again
Hipsters don't use online dating sites cause that shit isn't developed organically.
A guy studied linguistics just so he could discribe how bad his last job was.
All the kids in the school had a name, but not
I always keep an extra box of beer around, just in case.
You should make like a wine bottle and screw off.
Oh Little Miss Muffet...the one that got a whey.
Pineapples have the best haircut of any fruit
Make like a tree and fuck off
These giant squid jokes are kraken me up!
Dat female deer doe
I tried having sex on a railroad track, but the train came first.
I don't have a bad temper, it's just that my Fight or Flight Response has a bit of a stuttering problem....
My wife bought a pressure cooker, now I eat off the ceiling.
You don't need a parachute to skydive, but you do if you want to skydive twice.
Chicken farts are eggy
Feeling thankful for cutlery deals on Amazon #BlackFridayKnivesMatter
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Crossfit was Jesus' preferred form of exercise.
I bought some powdered water, but I don't know what to add to it.
I make apocalypse jokes like there's no tomorrow.
I once bought my kid a set of batteries for Christmas with a note on it saying Toys not included.
I put up a high-voltage electric fence around my property over the weekend, my neighbour is dead against it
Most of the jobs a tiler does are 'on the house'.
Did you know you can swim in lava? But only once.
Just because you cant dance, doesnt mean you shouldnt dance. Alcohol
I once took a midnight swim in one of the great lakes. It was Erie.
One must not pass belittling remarks towards a dwarf.
At what age do you think its appropriate to tell a highway its adopted?
If Hitler were alive today, he'd probably look for Jewish people in Tinder
The closest Ive been to a diet this year is erasing food searches from my browser history.
Replacing car mufflers all day makes me so exhausted.
People using umbrellas always seem to be under the weather.
Enunciation is not my forty.
Apparently, I snore so loudly that it scares everyone in the car that I'm driving.
In a shocking revelation, HIV has just announced that it is Charlie Sheen positive.
What do you call a hot Muslim?
Of all the terrorists, suicide bombers are the most invested.
Dyslexics untie!
I hate when I'm about to hug someone really sexy and my face hits the mirror.
Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool, so I gave him a glass of water.
You know you're getting old when your biggest struggle at the gym is to try to read the numbers on your padlock after your shower.
Velcro: what a rip off
Fat people have chips on their shoulders.
The best things in life are free (plus shipping and handling)
I used to be indecisive but now I'm not so sure
I started out with nothing, and I still have most of it.
A camel can work 10 days without drinking, but I can drink 10 days without working.
When my father was upset with me he use to slowly count to ten. Then he would pull my head out of the water.
My grandma told me her joints are getting weaker, so I told her to roll them tighter.
I want to die like my grandfather in his sleep, not like his screaming passengers
Wow, I'm famished...I haven't had dinner since yesterday...
My brother peed in the bed so much, he had to wear a life jacket to bed.
If i had a dollar for every girl that found me unattractive, they would eventually find me attractive.
You know what's free?
Damn, rimjobs suck ass.
This is an A B conversation so why don't you C your way out before D and E F you up G.
February can't March, but April May.
A friend of mine told me he did a stand up comedy routine from bed. He was lying.
Once, I forgot to replace \r\n with &lt;br/&gt; in an HTML document.
I think I may be emotionally constipated, because I haven't given a crap in days!
Getting a girlfriend is the worst thing that can happen to a good friend of yours
Met this girl on a dating site and i don't know, we just clicked.
Almond Joying this Halloween candy.
When I can't find a girl to hook up with, I go fucking nuts.
You're like eggshells in an omelette.
My friend fell and broke his left arm and left leg... He said he was all right.
This has always been one of my favorites...
Your momma is soo fat...
I can't count how many times I failed maths at school.
You can't hear a Pterodactyl go to the bathroom, because the "P" is silent.
Drywipe boards... They're remarkable!
Never get in line behind the devil at the DMV; for the devil can take many forms.
I bought a vacuum cleaner six months ago and so far all it's been doing is gathering dust
Wasn't sure my friend was gay until one night at a bar he asked if he could push my stool in.
There's 3 types of people in this world; those who can count and those who can't.
6:30 is the best time on a clock, hands down.
Been eating aircraft recently, it's a bit plane.
My friend has been so on fire ever since he finished his PHD in insult comedy, he has third degree burns
I wish people would stop asking me where I think I'm going to be in 5 years, I don't have 2020 vision.
Trying anal sex didnt just make my day, it made my hole weak!
The world can get so crazy i swear its bipolar
Every problem is as big as we make it to be...
Your girl
The new dating trend for serial killers is "Netflix and kill".
I'm looking for a vitamin to supplement my income.
I was addicted to the Hokie Pokie but I turned myself around.
I often say to myself "I can't believe that cloning machine worked".
Seeking a control group for a double blind study to see if anything feels worse than a sharp stick in the eye.
I Don't always Lose My Phone but when I do it's always on Silent
I should read that book on Procrastinating I bought in 2003...
It must be really hard for pedophiles to fit in.
An apostrophe followed by the letter "S" can be used to show possession, which is confusing when it's yours.
When asked why he went vegan, the zombie responded that it was "a no-brainer"
My roommates are concerned that i'm using their kitchen utensils, but that's a whisk i'm willing to take.
In India does Santa Claus keep a list of kids who eat roti or rice?
Shouldn't the grease that drips off Mexican food be called "Oil of Ol?"
WTF is an initialism.
Being dead is something everyone's gotta try at least once.
I don't need a wingman when I go out; kamikazes fly alone.
She threw her vibrator on the subway tracks but the train didn't come any faster.
Turning vegan is a big missed steak
Orion's Belt is just a big waist of space.
Right off the bat, I had problems with baseball.
If my grandma ever found out she was part of my necrophilia experiments, she'd be turning in her grave!
To make sure I wasn't Russian around last minute for my eastern European holiday, I decided to go onto Romania.com to Bucharest
My dad and I got into an argument over whether I was allowed to try fire breathing. I guess you could say it got pretty heated
Favorite singer surprises girl with cancer
A minute ago, my hexadecimal calculator's display was faded, but now it's dead.
It's hard explaining puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman? None.
I had two jokes about prime factors, but they were one and the same.
It's okay Microsoft Excel even my love life is not responding.
The two secrets to success are to never tell anyone everything you know.
I keep meaning to stop procrastinating.
I asked the wife succinctly when we could have an evening where we make blanket forts, She said two weeks
If at first you don't succeed then skydiving is not for you.
I got wood in a hopeless place
I hit on this girl and then got arrested.
Ill never forget my first love whats her name.
What did Ahmed say about his sudden fame after building a clock?
What did Ahmed say when asked about his sudden fame for building his clock?
I know she ate a worm but we are not here to debate de bait deb ate
I didn't realize how big of a deal tipping people in America was until I saw the FBI asking for tips to catch criminals.
They say "out of sight, out of mind", but there are plenty of people who are still crazy even when you're looking directly at them.
Hope that big ass typhoon named after a black dude doesn't blow you away.
My mum says I shouldn't be so suspicious of everything. I mean, I'm not sure she's even my mum.
I am the hugest introvert and most antisocial person I know.
When my boss told me to stop standing on one leg I had to put my foot down.
A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
'Yosemite' is how I greet my Jewish friends.
I love the F5 key. It's just so refreshing!
Waking up this morning was an eye-opening experience.
Masturbation sometimes comes in handy...
Brotha Man Brand Condoms. Getcha hood on!
Statistical parameters are all Greek to me.
When my wife said "the dogs look like they need to go out," I told her "they're full of crap!"
Don't ever get into an argument over the correct usage of the word "whom" with an owl. It's fucking exasperating.
Do competitive origami artists ever fold under pressure?
Bungee jumping has its ups and downs.
David Hameron
'Yesterday, I went to the zoo. There was only one dog there, it was a shitzu.'
If a nun does something bad, does she get denunced?
Trump 2015
I switched to a much tighter neckbrace and will never look back
How many drugs do I have to do to pass the drug test?
I tripped over my girlfriends bra, seemed to be a booby trap
If you have sex on a Wednesday, it really is hump day.
Binary - it's as easy as 01, 10, 11
I have a thousand pound Rolex that I never wear because it's too heavy.
I'm posting this from my iPhone, and it's at 10%, so I should be able to post this entire jo
I wanted to build the world's tallest building, but then I found out someone already did it
There's something really strange about my new, frictionless car, but just can't put my finger on it.
Federal judge deals blow to marijuana activists
My Grandma sleeps with a gun, she has glockcoma
Will the new iPhone be a runaway 6S?
I once was diagnosed with memory loss
I tried doing stand-up comedy, but I was laughed off the stage
I always give plumbers a special dance for making it drain
Cowards run in my family.
It's time we assertively pontificate reliable alignments to competently facilitate equity invested human capital.
Doggy-style, now that is a position I can get behind!
Full of myself and I'm still hungry.
I bet meteorologists make great smalltalk.
I hate topical humor, but I'm Straight Outta Jokes
I can't stand being in a wheelchair
You know you drink too much Red Bull...
"Force Friday" sounds more like Bill Cosby's weekend than a day to release Star Wars toys.
My favorite superhero is Female.
If I had $1 for every terrible joke in this thread...
When Louis CK's mom gave birth to him, doctors commended her for the great delivery.
Robots are like cell phones; you want to let their batteries run dead but when they make the "low battery" sound, you plug them in to make them shut up.
The brain is the only organ in the body to have named itself
I don't usually tell gay jokes, but fuck it!
Tea is for mugs.
I asked a few Buzzfeed employees how much the Mona Lisa is worth and their answers were priceless!
I will change my facebook profile name to "nobody," so that when I see a stupid post, I'll like it, and it will say, "nobody likes this post."
Arable farming is no Bull
I only exaggerate once every million years.
Organic farming is a lot of shit
3 cameras, 7 diapers, lets make a porno
When screenwriters get really old, they fade out.
It was the best of Time, it was the worst of Time, the magazine thought they were putting out their best work to date, but it just wasn't showing in the quarterly reports.
Sailors only do it with buoys!
The sun is a space heater.
The sun always brightens up my day
Shout out to all the people wondering what the opposite of in is.
Every time I lose a fight I just take it on the chin.
if i had a dollar for ever girl that found me unattractive, they would eventually find me attractive
Asexuals don't fuck around
I'd tell you a UDP joke but I'm not sure you'll get it.
I'm going to write a book on punctuation and title it "Comma Sutra"
If I got 5 cents for every time someone said "I love you", I'd have 5 cents. Thanks mom.
I don't do any more drugs...I don't do any less drugs either.
Odd Numbers: Not even once.
"Just who do you think I am?" asked the amnesiac.
Subjectivity is the best!
It doesn't matter how much you push the envelope it'll still be stationary.
Pardon My French, but I surrender.
My friend started a band called 1024 MB, but he's only gotten one gig so far.
I'm surprising my epileptic friend with a strobe light for when he comes round, he's gonna have a fit when he sees it.
My friend said, "Bye, bye U.S.A. when he moved to Australia," and I said it's just S.A.,
Don't let gravity get you down.
My local bar is like masturbation. The first time i went it was amazing, then I realized I'd been there every night for the past year, which is kinda depressing.
Country music is a lot like heroin. I know it's popular, but I'm still really surprised when I meet someone that's into it.
Keep your distance
The misdeeds of past coalitions of big companies is why I have trust issues.
Winner of "World's Loneliest Man" at award ceremony has no one to thank
Man in boxers leads police on brief chase
Whoever invented knock-knock jokes should get a no-bell prize.
The other day I hugged a clown and it felt like a nice jester.
I nailed my Jewish girlfriend so hard she turned Christian.
I nailed my Jewish girlfriend so much she turned Christian.
My grandma is on speed dial and now I call her instagram.
If I don't change my underwear I'll extend my streak.
BREAKING NEWS: A man who took an Airline company to court after his luggage went missing has lost his case.
TIL that a jet-ski is in fact, not a Polish Jet.
Reincarnation? Over my dead body!
Well I'll be damned, if I get reborn
Carbon monoxide is really a laughing matter.
Remember only enemies speak the truth. Friends and lovers lie endlessly, caught in the web of duty.
Anti-vaxxers are missing the point.
While eating a lamb sandwich, I looked deeply into my wife's eyes and said, "I love ewe!"
Just bought a pet chameleon!
I'm hung like Saddam Hussein
Getting Head Sucks.
I was talking to my Asian buddy Ray D. Oh and he said pass the hand sanitizer and I said sorry, no soap radio.
The location of a high-tech toilet is an IP address.
The invitation said come as you are, so i came in my pants.
If the devil ever goes bald, there could be hell toupe.
I doubt vodka is the answer, but its worth the shot.
If I had to choose between diet soda and cat piss, I'd choose cat piss; not because I don't like diet soda, I just really like cat piss.
Bono opened up a new restaurant with no dress code: "With or Without Shoes."
I live so far inland that I thought a jet-ski was a Polish aircraft.
I went to the store to pick up 8 two liters of sprite. I got home and realized I'd picked 7 Up.
   Bluray    720p DVD 
  2  
An Irishman walks out of a bar
There's something fishy about seafood.
 FC 150801   Torrent DVD 1080p 720p HD Full HD DVD 1080p MKV FC 4 
Drilling holes is boring
    Torrent DVD 1080p 720p HD Full HD DVD 1080p MKV
720p MKV    Torrent Comprehensive 720p HD
  2 3 150731 3  720p 1080p HD Full   2 3 150731 3   2 150731 
  4 150731   Torrent DVD 1080p 720p HD Full HD DVD 1080p MKV
    150731   Torrent DVD 1080p 720p HD Full HD DVD 1080p MKV  150731 
  150730   Torrent DVD 1080p 720p HD Full HD DVD 1080p MKV
 2  720p 1080p HD Full  2  150730
[]   7 1 - 10 ()  HD 720p   7 1 - 10 ()  
[]   2 1 - 13 ()  HD 720p   2 1 - 13 ()  
[]   1 1 - 7 ()  HD 720p   1 1 - 7 ()  
[]  8 1 - 12 ()  HD 720p  8 1 - 12 ()  
[]  7 1 - 12 ()  HD 720p  7 1 - 12 ()  
[]  6 1 - 12 ()  HD 720p  6 1 - 12 ()  
[]  5 1 - 12 ()  HD 720p  5 1 - 12 ()  
[]  4 1 - 12 ()  HD 720p  4 1 - 12 ()  
[]  3 1 - 12 ()  HD 720p  3 1 - 12 ()  
[]  2 1 - 12 ()  HD 720p  2 1 - 12 ()  
[]  1 1 - 12 ()  HD 720p  1 1 - 12 ()  
Give a man a hamburger and you feed him for a day; teach a man to hamburgle and you feed him for a lifetime.
My buddies are all prune farmers, and with friends like that, who needs enemas?
[]   1 - 10 ()  HD 720p   1 - 10 ()  
Donald Trump.
What do you call a lawyer with an IQ of 50?
I've been to the dentist a thousand times. I know the drill.
There is something wrong with the law, I think it's broken.
Something is wrong with the law, I this it's broken.
Shortly after his coronary transplant, the man said he'd had a change of heart
Life as a yo-yo has its ups and downs.
I had dinner with Dracula last night, I gave him a stake, it went right through him.
I had dinner with Vlad the Impaler last night. He served me a steak. Tell you what, it went right through me.
My penis and bank account have very little in common
As a new geometry teacher, I should brush up on circles but there's not point.
7/11 was a part time job
Don't just question the facts; Question the whole narrative.
Women can't get enough of my small penis.
I was driving around and saw a sign that said "watch for children". I thought it was a pretty good deal.
If I had a nickel for every time I had sex I would be a prostitute.
My favorite store is closing their doors after 20 years, but they probably should've closed them sooner to avoid all those thefts.
If I asked you to have sex with me, would the answer to that question be the same as the answer to this one?
If my life were a game of Candy Land tgen this week I would be the king of Mudbutt Mountain.
I'm edgier than a sphere on opposite day
I came into a lot of money recently...which is weird, because I usually use a paper towel.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need
Grandpa's favorite activity is widow shopping
Diarrhea is hereditary; it runs in your jeans.
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger, and then it hit me.
I saw a sign that said falling rocks so I tried and it doesn't.
I am so tried of auto correct jokes
Software programming is too hard for me to grasp, recursion can go fuck itself.
A plateau is the highest form of flattery
I, for one, like Roman numerals
I went this this dirty public toilet the other day...
I've got a conjoined twin but we're not that close.
You measure a Lego minifigures footsize in square feet.
"Practice makes perfect, but nobody's perfect, so why practice?"
My dad used to tell me: "Practice does not make perfect, it makes it permanent"
And the Lord said unto John: "Come forth and receive eternal life", but John came fifth and won a toaster
And the Lord said unto John: "Come forth and receive eternal life", but John came fifth and won a toaster,
The Titanic was built to last, let that sink in.
When women wear bikinis, men are considerate enough to only look at the covered parts.
I reckon all these conspiracy theories are what the government really wants us to think.
My gay friend just got fired for being fashionably late.
More like Megan needs a Trainor...
Little did I know that I was psychic.
I wanted to create a subreddit to help motivate people but I couldn't be bothered.
Napoleon may not have designed the coat he wore but he did have a hand in it.
The hematologist pondered to himself
Guy walks into a bar...
Being gay before the invention of lube must have been a pain in the ass.
As a color blind individual, I don't get the celebratepride thing Facebook is doing....all I see is an ad for 50 Shades of Grey.
The phrase "I've come into my own" always seems to end a bit prematurely to me.
The European debt crisis is so confusing, it's like Greek to me.
Is there anything worse than having a conversation turn awkward because of an auto-erect?
When I found my doppelgnger, I was beside myself with joy.
When I found out someone cloned me without my permission, I was beside myself.
An Irish man walks out of a bar.
I've always found it interesting you can commit armed robbery without arms... or pants.
"Why's it called dry humping if I always need a towel after?"
I tried shoplifting once... but the shop was too heavy.
My girlfriend reminds me a lot of her boobs: fake.
When life hands you lemons, you begin to question life's fruit giving related decision making.
People tell me to stop using alcohol as a crutch... So I've decided to start drinking it instead.
I mean, I like to exercise, but I'm not really a fan of Catholicism... Or demons.
My girlfriend says I'm too skeptical... but I just don't believe her.
As a deaf person, I am constantly confused about Pitbull's obsession with this Dale fella.
Happy Father's day...motherfuckers.
Do you think Rachel Dolezal is going to church tomorrow?
What part of "Sorry, I don't speak Chinese" don't you understand?
I'm writing a book and need your help, it's a telephone book and it needs your number
"I'm hungry..." "Hi Hungry, I'm G3NEius"
I hit a milestone, now I'm not surprised why they switched to regular street signs so they don't cause so much damage to the front of your vehicle.
I took a picture of some poop with my phone, but the quality was really shitty.
I've got a good knock-knock joke, but you have to start
A giraffe walks into a bar and says the highballs are on me.
She was only a prostitute. But she had the nicest face I ever came across.
The hardest tests are the ones you don't study for
The hardest tests are the ones you don't study for ^because you have AIDS
I realized that "wiener schnitzel" and "wiener shih tzu" are two different things, so the dinner party is now canceled.
My phone doesn't do 3G or 4G, so I'm living life on the Edge
if you type google.com/r/maps instead of google.com/maps you may be a redditor.
The proper way to use a stress ball is to throw it at the last person to piss you off.
... so the goalie said "Get the puck outta here"
Is nickname short for Nickolasname?
The only thing less funny than self deprecating humor is me.
I never had an original thought too
My wife and I were happy for twenty years...
The thing about being a nurse is, you have to have patience
I shot a man with a paintball gun just to watch him dye
I don't get the point to curved TV's
That's what she said
I'm going to tell you about procrastination.
My poor knowledge of Greek mythology has always been my Achilles' elbow.
Ever since I bought a flying boat, my life's been plane sailing.
Prepositions are not words to end a sentence with.
I just saw Bruce Jenner.
I can make you say how
I had terrible writer's block this afternoon. I'm lost for words.
A backward poet writes inverse.
Technophobes won't get this joke.
I like doing impressions of myself.
A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a beer and a mop
People come and go at orgies
The opposite of the opposite of opposite is opposite
The postal service is a mail-dominated industry.
I think I'm addicted to Taylor Swift's music, so I'm trying to shake it off.
Linguists love ambiguity more than most people.
Augers really screw things up.
The Tyson/Holyfield match should have been called "Box of Chocolates!"
I put the sexy in dyslexia.
I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy.
Jokes for my kids' lunches
My Lynch Victims Anonymous meeting was postponed an hour
I thought getting excommunicated by the church was going to be more involved than just getting blocked on Facebook.
I enjoy the wind, but sometimes it can really blow.
What keeps an idiot in suspense?
I used to be super conceded, but now im perfect.
You gotta hand it to short people
A cannibal passed his friend in the woods.
I'm so high, I'm above the influence.
Parties are like frisbees, if you throw them the wrong way they'll veer off in a bad direction, and then your kid will fall into a quarry.
I always thought revenge is a dish best served cold, then I found out it means getting back at somebody.
I could tell the gift was from Iggy Azalea, because of the bad wrapping
'I' before 'E' except after 'C' is a weird rule
I once tried to design a ship that could fly. I gave up because it wasn't plane sailing.
Did you hear about the Egyptian who refused to accept that he'd fallen in the river? He was in de Nile.
I never understood odourless chemicals. They just don't make scents.
There's something odd about the back of my hand but I can't put my finger on it.
Dwarves and midgets have very little in common.
Two maggots are arguing in dead Earnest.
Ladies and gentlemen: If I could say a few words... I'd be a better public speaker.
Without nipples, tits are pointless
It is ironic because people with mullets (that should protect them) often are red necks
Dough kneads to be kneaded.
I hate people who make generalizations. They're all hypocrites.
Using an ATM, doesn't make cents.
My favorite band, Pangea, broke up.
He was so intense that he could win a staring contest with a rock.
This girl stormed off in the middle sex as soon as I told her I called my penis "the opportunity". I guess you could say I blew my opportunity right then and there.
went out for drinks with a human cloning researcher, when I woke up I was beside myself.
I have so little will power that I give up even on watching training montages.
Grow old or die trying.
Sure I like the summer heat, to a degree
Ever since I've installed Adblock, all the single girls in my area seem to have lost interest
Your team didn't push enough, no offence.
I'm not dyspraxic, I get my rights and lefts right every time.
I dont understand how you can have a failed suicide, i mean.. it blows my mind
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
If I were just a little more humble, I'd be perfect.
My Career In Game Shows Is In Jeopardy
Narcissism is just one of the many things I excel at
Say what you want about deaf people.
I signed up for a women's studies class, but apparently that's not what they meant when they told me to "study abroad".
Did you hear about the news reporter that went on strike only wearing a waistband? There was only medium coverage.
It's not hypocrisy when I do it.
Hermaphrodites can go fuck themselves.
I know you believe you understand what you think I said...
Two wrongs don't make a right, but four lefts do.
I bought a dog off of a blacksmith today.. as soon as I got him home he made a bolt for the door.
I wonder how many vampires have been run over by people who backup just using their mirrors
When she got a call from the anal-bleaching company, she decided to change her ring tone.
Well, you know what they say about cliff-hangers...
Well, you know what they say about leaving people hanging...
I don't think I would be able to stand being in a wheelchair
If Bob Seger is right and "Rock and Roll Never Forgets", the medical industry should look into Rock and Roll when researching a cure for Alzheimer's
If Bob Seger is right and "Rock and Roll Never Forgets", the medical industry should look into this song when researching a cure for Alzheimer's
I may be fat, but I'm slow.
I just realized this thing called The Baader Meinhoff Phenomenon is popping up everywhere.
Muffler puns exhaust me.
Having a penis is a pain in the ass
Ever have sex while camping? It's fucking intents.
Since brackish water is the mix of fresh and salt, shouldn't the President's name be Brack Obama?
Shout out to male porn stars for always being hard at work.
I was going to escape the psych ward with my fruit girlfriend, but we cantaloupe.
Once I thought I was wrong, but I was mistaken.
In dog beers I've only had one.
It would be appropriate to tell someone today: "May the Fourth be with you."
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous
I have a joke for you about Social Security, but you're probably not going to get it.
If you wanna see a goose, go take a gander
If you wanna see a lot of geese, go take a gander
I hate vacuum cleaners, they just suck.
You missed the point...
Sometimes, all it takes is one day-time TV show to remind me I am supposed to be at work.
Lollipop ladies make me cross!
It's really hot outside where I live. Hopefully Pacquiao will kick May weather's ass.
A rave is a really bad place to find out you are epileptic
A kiss makes my whole day, anal makes my hole weak.
Some people are Alpha dogs, I'm more of a Betta fish.
Sommeliers are really winey.
Everyone loves kids! I just ate three!
Have you ever had camping sex? It's in tents.
Professional construction has its pros and cons.
So a rock flew out of a dump truck on the highway today.....
I'm more frustrated than a pervert with palsy trying to draw a pair of boobs on an etch-a-sketch.
Your dog has stockholm syndrome.
He has a problem with speed bumps, but He's slowly getting over it.
It's hard to be a glass half full kind of guy when you're trying to become a professional beer chugger.
My dog is a son of a bitch.
Every time I take off my shoes, they leave me feeling defeated.
My wife said she wanted to have sex in the backseat, and she wanted me to drive.
If the professor can build a radio out of a coconut, why can't he fix a hole in the boat?
Do sliced potatoes come with that ice cream soup?
Feminism is a broad issue.
The affect of bad grammar can effect my mood.
So what is the scoop on this Blue Bell recall?
The Church Lady is a lisp away from being a Scientologist.
I'll admit, I'm a hypocrite, but I'll never contradict myself.
Sometimes I use big word that I don't understand so I can sound more photosynthesis.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
I'm finally working a sleep shift, my dream job.
Quick lets build a time machine.
It was Cave who said,
"...aside from THAT, Ms. Lincoln, how was the play?"
If you see a girl in a seashell bra and hold one of the seashells up to your ear, you can hear her scream.
Made an appointment with an acupuncturist. I'm on pins and needles about it.
What do you get if you cross a one-liner and a rhetorical question?
I believe if Jesus had hung around any longer, he would've missed Easter.
I not saying they were dishonest, but this was their 5th annual going out of business sale.
For some Catholic Priests, the best thing since sliced bread is altar boys.
In the pedophile version of Peter Pan, he doesn't lose his shadow, he loses his touch.
How many times do I have to cry wolf before animal control shows up?
I used to go to Weight Watchers to meet women.
The broken teleprompter left me speechless.
To error is feminine, that's why it's called a mistake not a mrtake.
Here's my take on people that get easily offended by jokes: fuck you, cunt!
Did you know Miller vs Brown established precedent that it's legal to lie about Supreme Court cases?
Someone should start a pizza thread, where OP delivers.
I had sex with a 700 year old master...yoda, yoda, yoda...never saw him again.
Easter is the one day of the year you should put all of your eggs in one basket.
I released a new fragrance just the other day. Feedback from the other people in the elevator was not positive.
Growing up with cats and dogs, I got used to the sounds of scratching at my door while I slept. Now that I live alone, it is much more unsettling.
I got stage-fright at the pie eating contest and choked.
The good news is we're going to name a fatal disease after you.
I have so much semen you can call me captain
Someone stole my mood ring, not sure how I feel about that.
Organized a surprise bukake party for my wife. You should have seen her face.
The winner of a masturbation marathon always finishes on the podium.
People that are getting married should be committed to the institution.
Nivea makes terrible yoghurt.
Pedophiles are fucking immature assholes.
A girl asked me to crap on her during sex...
Ghandi walked barefoot everywhere, had a frail body due to fasting and would have vivid hallucinations from fasting, all the while suffering from bad breath due to unhealthy gums and teeth from said fasts.
I wasn't sure I wanted to buy the car so the salesman threw in a leather seat package but I'm not easily suede.
My shoes are sole mates.
Becaus it's illegal, necrophiliacs are fucking nobodies
Stationary store moves.
The GermanWings crash has given a whole new meaning to the phrase "Pilot Episode".
T-O-R-I
So then the duck tells the bartender, "Put it on my bill."
Disney named The Little Mermaid Ariel because they didn't want to shell out the cash for Helvetica.
There's a lot to be said for the dictionary.
I'm going to keep my vacuum cleaner even though it sucks every time I use it.
I got so excited for spring I wet my plants.
SMTV live, not to be mixed up with S&amp;M TV live
I don't have a smoking problem, I've quit hundreds of times.
According to my roommate's diary, I have boundary issues.
a man tried to sell me a coffin the other day, but that's the last thing I need.
My girlfriend asked me to kiss her where it smells so I took her to Bayonne, NJ.
I can't remember where I threw my boomerang at the park but it'll come back to me.
I remember when harass was two words.
God is just as existent as priests' sex lives.
What's the best joke you know [serious]?
My poops have been crap lately.
Epileptics are the best at seizing opportunity
LukeSkywalkertypedlikethissincehehadabadspacebarexperience
Better than a...
People keep telling me that the levant doesn't exist, but I keep telling them it Israel
Every pizza is a personal pizza if you try hard and believe in yourself
As long as I can remember I have a bad memory
Eating food so that others don't have to is an act of ab negation.
I take Ginkgo Biloba for my bad memory, or do I?
I think I'll keep my beard; it's growing on me.
My dad just got a pacemaker.
__________________
Don't expect perfection from geologists; they all have their faults.
Last week I was playing baseball and I hit a fowl... damn near killed that chicken.
I have a "Never say DIE" attitude, which explains my failing grade in German.
I don't trust solar eclipses, they are shady as fuck.
Half of my blood circulation is done in vein.
I may appear to have it all together, but on the inside I'm a bloody mess.
My gay uncle spends a lot of time on the John.
Theres is a new hacker support group, its called Anonymous Anonymous.
I'm dating a girl named Lee Ving. I have a feeling it's not gonna last.
I went past the lesbian synagogue, and it was full of orthodykes.
The bowel movement is something we can all get behind.
Necrophiles dig up a lot of stuff from my past.
I tried quitting smoking, but cold turkey wasn't nearly as delicious as it sounded.
My girlfriend told me to kiss her where the sun don't shine, so I'm taking her to Seattle.
I saw Jesus at Crossfit the other day. He was holding his own.
I dropped a deuce and she beat me with a tray.
When I go phishing, I always troll.
When I go phisihing, I always troll.
I ate an entire package of imitation American cheese and it didn't work. I still sound foreign.
47-1
They said the sushi was an authentic dish, but there was something fishy about it.
I have shitty posture on the toilet
I don't feel like procrastinating now; I'll do it tomorrow.
Push-up bras don't make them any easier.
Out of paper?! I'll ream your ass for this.
When I learned we would have to bury two more people in our family gravesite, I remarked Ah, the plot thickens.
Someone left the seat up in a handicapped stall. Fucking showoff.
My extra sensitive toothpaste gets upset when I use a different kind.
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
Yes I'm Jewish, but only on my mother's side.
The more I hear about inverse proportionality the less I like it.
Life is only as serious as you make it.
Giant methane clouds are circling Uranus.
What do you call a joke with no punchline?
When I found out that my microwave wasn't waterproof, I was shocked
Nostalgia ain't what it used to be.
Jokes about socialism aren't funny unless you share them with everyone.
My moms favorite insult is to call me a son-of-a-bitch.
I saw a couple of blue whales today, no biggie.
A great way to make money fast is to simply not feed it anything.
I learned a new word today: neologism
Calligraphy is an idea that looks good on paper.
I hope, there's going to be a full moon during the solar eclipse
I don't get the big deal about the 280 lb catfish caught in Italy I catch bigger ones on Tinder all the time
The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar...it was tense.
You guys want to hear a word I just made up myself: Plagiarism
The problem with obscure acronyms is that they're a FPITA
The teacher pointed at me and said "Name two pronouns!" and I looked around and said "who? me?"
I've decided to make a paint brush out if a plant stalk, might help get my creative juices phloem
I'm so bad a shot, I even missed my own foot.
Asexuals don't fuck around
I think the Chinese took hot dogs too literally.
A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
Take my advice...I'm not using it
Dogs have masters. Cats have staff.
Everything was better back in the day, even the future.
Infertility is hereditary
That's right. We're all metrosexuals. Never not waiting for that train to come.
My girlfriend said she missed her last two periods and I was shocked....I didn't know she was still in high school.
Mistakes were maid
erections are a pain in the ass.
The owner of the circus was disappointed when the human cannonball quit because he'd never find someone of that caliber.
Tony Stark spiced up his sex life with a little bit of Pepper.
I thought of a great joke about procrastination. I'll tell you it later.
ANGB, that's bang out of order.
Today's society is more about deleting history, than creating history.
I was going to make a joke about sodium, but na
They say you should live every day of your life like it's the last, but I got really tired of making funeral arrangements.
Getting a flat top will make you appear more level headed
People keep encouraging me to be myself, but that's just not me.
People tell me I just have to be myself, but that's just not me.
They're making a junior version of Hell's Kitchen called H-E_Doublehockeysticks_S Kitchen.
If vampires have no mirror image, how come they're always so well dressed?
Horse whispers are such naysayers
This is so intense, it might as well be a goddamn campground.
Spring must be a lady
They say my grandfather had the heart of a lion, and a lifetime ban from the Brookfield Zoo.
Age ain't nothing but a number, or in my case, a generous underestimation.
It's a good thing people don't have to dye garments called arias
Programming is like sex: One mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life.
Do you ever wonder what Kels' Fantasies were really made of?
I don't try to be lazy
I heard being a vampire really sucks.
Justin Bieber should get cancer.
If you believe in telekinesis, raise my hand.
If a gay man falls on hard times, does he hit rock power bottom?
Don't be fooled by the rocks that I got, I'm still, I'm still homeless and addicted to heroin.
What does the nosey pepper do?
I've always wanted to get a tattoo of a velociraptor on my ass, but I don't want to make my booty sore.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?
"Almost" doesn't count, but it almost does
a farmer was in the field with his cows and counted 196 of them, but when he rounded them up he had 200
How come The Eagles don't just fly to the top of Mount Doom to play a fabulous sold-out reunion concert?
Buy Sweet Cakes
My friend asked me if I'd marry a clone of myself
Democracy is non negotiable
Well...
There are a certain few smells one absolutely needs to smell in their lifetime. The scent of old library books, for example, is a must.
Not to be a dick, but you look like you need to get laid
I swear to drunk that I'm not God!
I don't believe in subliminal advertising, but I'm really horny for a beer right now.
So a blind man walks into a bar
I struggle to take anal rape victims seriously. Seems to me they're just butthurt.
If a dentist makes his money off people with unhealthy teeth, why should I trust a toothpaste that 4 out of 5 dentists recommend?
You weren't an accident, you were a mistake
i have to congratulate myself here for being so humble.
Have you seen my puns? I keep them in a box labelled "LaughterThoughts."
Microwave Oven: Space-age kitchen appliance that uses the principle of radar to locate and immediately destroy any food placed within the cooking compartment.
My wife told me: Sex is better on holiday. That wasnt a very nice postcard to receive.
I am really good at sleeping, I could do it with my eyes closed.
Girl youre hotter then my curry, i bet you want my khorma in your mouth.
I should probably sell my vacuum cleaner, it's just sitting around collecting dust.
Raise your hand if you don't understand what I am saying now...
If I had known the difference between antidote and anecdote, my best friend would be alive today
If I had a dollar for every time a girl told me I was unattractive, they'd eventually find me attractive.
I'm going for my HIV test tomorrow, feeling pretty positive.
The effect viagra has on men is easily measured.
I dont always roll a joint, but when I do its usually my ankle
Man, I've been hearing a lot of subluminal messages from the radio recently
My favourite rom-com was the one with Stalin and Stalin.
This spell is to supposed to make people skeptical, but i dont think it works.
Rolfs codename as a Maoist was ROFLMAO
When you're thirsty, Kool-Aid is the solution.
They used two super computers to write flappy bird, that's cray cray.
I didn't know what to wear to my Premature Ejaculation Society meeting, so I just came in my pants.
Liquor? I don't even know her
Pooping your pants is really shitty.
I don't see a hat, so you better stand up!
when two vegetarians are arguing, is it still considered beef?
One man's sacred is another man's burger
Smiling will instantly increase your face value.
The discovery of static electricity was a shocking event
Friend called me up and invited me out to 'mecha' bingo... imagine my disappointment.
A slinky must be a real shitty present for a kid who lives in an apartment...
Cinderella by day, Sinderella by night.
The doctor told us that my father hadn't made it, but it was the undertaker that really put the nail in the coffin.
Today we had a chicken pox party for my son, it was bumpin'.
Constipated people dont give a shit
This yar I rsolv to rplac th on my kyboard
Man, it's like I haven't been on reddit since last year.
CNN reports the downing of Malaysian airliners will continue until their ratings improve.
I added one to a binary number
The average person has sex 89 times a year, this is going to be one hell of a couple of days.
You'd get a lot of shit from your friends if you worked at the local sewage treatment plant.
The hammered dulcimer is the most fucked up instrument.
You could say North Korean internet is like the US president: black by popular demand.
Unplugging something and plugging it back in Doesent always work, I learned that the hard way, sorry grandpa :(
My new website about premature ejaculation isn't ready yet but it's coming soon.
Masturbation comes in handy
I wonder how many floppy disks it took North Korea to store all of Sony's information on...
They ask me which country in Africa I'd like to visit and I'm like "Niger please!".
I like what Mechanics wear overall
I was so glad to see the back of my ex girlfriend, she would only have sex doggy-style!
At first I didn't like my beard so much, but it grew on me.
Seems like another cup on the table
There are not a lot of dates mentioned in between black Friday and a white Christmas, but I suppose that's always been a bit of a gray area.
Did you hear about the dung beetle that was shoved into the ground?
An Irish man walks out of a bar.
I got into a fight with my boyfriend at the top of a ski slope and it was all downhill from there
Spelling missing "mssng" makes me wonder where I went.
I tried making an airplane out of twigs and stones, but that didn't fly.
When the train stopped in the middle of the tracks, the conductor diagnosed that it was exhausted
Nostalgia just ain't what it used to be.
Blind man killed due to unforeseen events
Considering her sad expression and the fact that she was covered in horse manure...
Inspecting mirrors is a job I could really see myself doing.
Fossils rock!
He kept adding butane to the cylinder, but it only became lighter.
The first scientist who wanted some water asked for some H2O. The second one died.
The ballet dancers performed pretty well today. I guess you could say they were on point.
The blind buck had no idear where he was going.
I've got a joke for you about an elevator door, it works on so many levels.
They always say "Three time's a charm". My probation officer didn't think so.
Records broken as multiple transport trucks filled with vinyls collide.
A lady next to me on the plane started to freak out when she realized I was Pakistani, I laughed so hard my grenades almost fell out of my pocket.
I once lost a projectile ejaculation competition. I've come a long way since then.
Know why ASP programmers wear glasses? Because they can't C#.
I could really see myself working in a mirror factory.
I once saw 8 men get beaten up by 1 guy at the same time...I called it an octopus.
If you love someone, set them free. If they flap their wings and fly away, it's a bird. You were in love with a bird.
I always wondered how my doctor can perform a prostate exam with his both hands on my shoulders.
Vladimir Putin recently said that we were about to enter a new Cold War, which I think is a pretty dramatic way to say that it's flu season.
Doesn't matter how much you spend on a toilet, it's still going to be shitty.
I invented a new word today: Plagiarism.
I woke up with a bruise on my left cheek after punching God in the face last night.
The impressive figures on Heinz' annual report come from a reliable sauce.
I'll bet you a hundred bucks I'm not addicted to gambling.
Everybody is unique.
I was introduced to pedophelia with a very hands on approach.
I wonder if Jesus was a bit cross about his execution.
A dominatrix walks into a Quizno's and asks where the 12 inch subs are.
When my friend missed a few days of cosmetology school, she had to take some makeup lessons.
Waka Waka Waka Waka Waka Waka Waka Waka PACMAAAAAN
Whats the word for when a man puts things off? Procrasturbation
The guy who had two cheque hitlers speech's was a act shoe all grammar nazi.
I think people in India's cities are quite horny, just listen to the traffic...
If the Pillsbury Doughboy overdosed on pain killers and died, the headline would read "Pills Bury Dough-Boy"
Here's a joke for all you telepathic people out there.
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
Sometimes I forget that I have short term memory loss.
If I'm ever in the situation where I have to pick my own form of execution I'm going to say "Death by natural causes!"
I have a joke about procrastination that I'm going to post soon.
I hate it when people use large words just to sound intelligent...It's absolutely superfluous.
He's so old that in his day they had asbestos chewing gum.
Mississippi is Indian for one second.
I have absolutely no symphony for people who use words incorrectly.
I am a man of few words.
My grandma told me her joints are getting weaker, so I told her to roll them tighter.
I tried to punch the water vapor, but I mist.
I just visited the capital of Kazakhstan. It was Astana-shing.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you talk to them.
i took a power nap once, now i can read minds
Babies don't need a vacation, but I still see 'em at the beach.
I love to go fishing every once in a while just for the halibut.
I think one of my dads is gay.
There is no job so simple that it cannot be done wrnog.
Last night I was having sex with my girlfriend and she told me not to cum on her face but I blew it.
For halloween my girlfriend is going as a sexy alien, and I'm going as a sexual predator.
A chicken crossing the road is a fucking joke.
The weightlifter was pumped for the weekend.
If a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush, then no arm, no fowl.
My girlfriend was hit by a bus, the hardest part of the whole ordeal was having to learn how to drive a bus.
My girlfriend was hit by a bus, and the hardest part of the whole ordeal was having to learn how to drive a bus.
I downloaded an App that tells me which of my family members are racist, it is called Facebook.
I'm not a racist, but I do love a good non sequitur.
I'm not a racist, I love everyone, whether you're black, yellow, red, brown, or normal!
You really have to hand it to midgets...
Getting paid to sleep would be a dream job
There's no 'I' in denial.
Normally I don't like toilet humor, but I'll give it a swirl.
If you're not part of the solution, you are part of the precipitate
What's the difference between apathy and indifference? I don't know and I don't care.
My Girlfriend told me that I'm overly obsessed with Shrek. I thought she was joking, but then I saw her face.
Who is Amanda Fish and...
Eventually I'll have to do an analysis of dante's inferno or Indian folklore - come hell or Hiawatha.
I wish ebola broccoli and cheese soup could be transmitted through the air.
I was tired of masturbating, so I told my girlfriend to handle it.
Cannibals aren't really being nice to you, they're just trying to butter you up.
When the wake was over, I told my mother the words of my late father, "I'm stuck on I-95, but I'll be there for the burial."
Yesterday my friend told me I don't understand what irony means, which is ironic because we were standing at a bus stop.
Sean Connery can never ask women to sit on his face.
My new dildo is a pain in the ass to take out...
No matter how much you push the envelope it'll still be stationary.
I was trying to get my cows to mate, so I bought a cow sex guide; the brahma sutra
we've been studying the iliad in school - it's so epic!
If you had to go to a Nickelback concert or eat a pile of crap, would you use a spoon?
The undertaker recovered from his cold alone because he wanted to cough in peace
On the street this guy waved to me, then he came up to me and said "Sorry, I thought you were someone else." I said, "I am."
If you could chose to end world hunger or a billion dollars, what color would your Lamborghini be?
I find parenting so hard I once called the police on my child for resisting arrest.
I may be schizophrenic...
Preventing childhood obesity is as easy as taking candy from a baby.
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey but then I turned myself around.
Technology Jokes | Laugh Factory
Words cannot express how limited my vocabulary is.
What's red and bad for your teeth?
Im reading a book on anti gravity, it's impossible to put down.
I found a sheep lamp today.
Hey baby, did you ever have your asshole licked by a fatman in an overcoat?
Bring your A game.
The clairvoyants meeting was cancelled due to unforeseen events
[Flirting with a black chick] Baby, you're so hot I can barely keep my eyes on my wallet.
Do you ever get the feeling that even the Incognito Window guy is judging you?
I used to be indecisive,
The new "brooming" craze is sweeping up the nation
Carpe Diem is Latin for YOLO!
I don't really know too much about Switzerland...but their flag is a big plus!
The American education system.
So a baby seal walks into a club...
2 + 2 = 5 (for very large values of 2)
I tried to sketch a 9mm bullet from memory, but I drew a blank
Girl, the only reason I'm still with you is your cannibalistic nature when it comes to oral sex.
What's another word for thesaurus?
Is Betteridge's Law right?
I haven't slept for 10 days because that would be too long.
I'd tell this joke in my bass voice but I wouldn't like to lower the tone.
The study of sneezing noises is pretty easy because it's snot racket science
Throwing acid is wrong, in some people's eyes.
If you'd like to discuss Beauty and the Beast, be our guest.
Went to the zoo last week and all they had was one dog... It was a shih tzu.
The new autonomous Amazon drones are flying off the shelves
Men that jack-off will come in handy.
i love being an contortionist, sometimes i can hardly contain myself
There is nothing wrong with kissing a Nun, just don't get into the habit
Frisbees are boring - I can't wait for the boomerang to come back
I'm glad I know sign language, its pretty handy!
I will never be a stripper because i can't pull off the outfits.
My winter sports addiction started with a trip to the ski centre. Someone should have warned me that it was a slippery slope.
Dyslexics of the world... UNTIE!
A eunuch's life is hard.
My wife went to the Dr. because she thought she had chronic PMS, turns out she's just a bitch.
My drug dealer cracks me up.
I like defecating in office toilet, since I am literally paid for pooping
I thought the dead girl we were trying to contact in the seance was pretty cute, but I got told off for flirting with the dead.
This drunk guy kept going around putting his dick on everyone's wrists, and I said "not on my watch!"
I used to be indecisive, but nowadays I'm not exactly sure
I was about to about to ask out a girl at the bowling alley but then she split
I have five penises, but don't worry, my underwear fits like a glove.
Girls are like cars...
Auto-erotic asphyxiation, a good way to go, a better way to come.
"Incorrectly" isn't spelled incorrectly when it's spelled incorrectly.
For my 6000 word college essay on colloquialisms, I submitted half a dozen pictures and titled it "A Picture is Worth 1000 Words"
You can lead a horse to water, but a pencil must be lead.
Why can I never find more videos of the girls in snuff films?
I shat a brick when my doctor told me I shouldn't be eating clay
Bitch, I've got more status than Facebook
I just got this huge painting of Trent Reznor, but the only way it would stay up was to use nine inch nails.
I think it's good that Starbucks doesn't have their own currency, because I'm not sure what they would call it.
Like the man who antagonized a midget in a Hitler costume, our decision was bound to provoke a little furor.
Like the who man antagonized a midget in a Hitler costume, our decision was bound to provoke a little furor.
I was afraid when I got into an argument with an amputee, but then I realised he was mostly armless.
MH17 went down in the spirit of the flying dutchman
What do you call a woman on her period?
Every person has the right to defend themselves, but no one has the right to systematically segregate an occupied population and play dumb when they defend themselves.
I don't like country music, but I don't mean to denigrate those who do. And for the people who like country music, denigrate means 'put down' -Bob Newhart
I wanted to wear something holy to church last week, so I wore my fishnet shirt.
I began to think this preacher was a little suspect when I asked the first words in the Bible, he said This book has been placed here by the Gideons, do not remove
360 is a nice, round number.
One liner? I barely know'er!
My mate knows a crafty butcher, he likes his meat around the back.
Your mother is so classless, she could be a Marxist utopia.
We used to have good sales in the trapdoor business but it bottomed out.
Did you hear about the jurisprudence fetishist who got off on a technicality?
There's a band called 1023MB
Diarrhoea is hereditary, it runs in your jeans.
Step 1: get pregnant out if wedlock. Step 2: say it's gods kids, really stick to your story! Step 3: ????? Step 4: prophet.
A Buddhist walks up to a hot dog stand and says, "Make me one with everything."
Smack talk? Man I'm pretty sure you just nod off.
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest.
I taught my dog how to sit and shake...
Hipster T-storm
I have the eye of the tiger, and a lifetime ban from the zoo.
when the monks received their new transcribers they said, "now we can have archaic and edit, too!"
A man in a hardware store asked me if I wanted decking...
I held a meeting for premature ejaculators, the letter I sent out read "casual attire, meeting starts at 6pm" but every one still came early in their nicest pants.
America is probably the only country in the world where people need energy drinks to sit in front of a computer all day.
a poem with 5, 7 and 5 syllables, is a haiku.
Orthodontists with crooked teeth, you may want to brace yourselves...
Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar, and doesn't
We should set up a violin club for kids. We could call it Kiddie Fiddling.
Friends are like bricks
Somebody loves me.
I'm only a grower when I'm in a shower.
I was going to tell you a pickup line, but it's too dairy.
Just finished my eye exam, it feels good to finally pass an exam this year
My first threesome was with two blow up dolls...very deflating experience.
I'm a door to door "no solicitor" sticker salesman.
When asked to sign a document a doctor pulled a rectal thermometer out of his pocket, "damn it!"
Props to male porn stars, always hard at work
How do you find Will Smith in the winter time?
Have you heard that joke they don't tell to mentally handicapped people?
What dose chloroform smell li
"Does this uniform make me look fat?" - Insecurity Guard
quiet down. i got a deaf guy living next door and these walls are paper thin!
Is there anything more annoying than an incomplete
Kept sending back my food for being too blurry. Turns out I need glasses.
I'd suck her dad's dick just for a taste of the recipe
I can't tell if this guy across from me on the train looks like Sigmund Freud or a penis.
Never argue with a woman when she's tired ... or rested.
Farts smell so the hard of hearing can enjoy them too.
So this guy with a premature ejaculation problem comes out of nowhere...
The most common name in San Francisco takes up 6 pages in the telephone directory and everyone spells it Wong!
School is like a boner...long and hard, unless your asian
Some people will lie about knowing someone famous. At least that is what my close personal friend Steve Martin told me.
Velcro. What a rip-off.
I wanted to be a gastroenterologist but I just didn't have the guts.
I believe in being pH balanced, so I bought penthouses on both coasts.
Modeling is for posers.
Had to prepare a service dog for a Vietnam Vet, so I sent it via next day air and included a blanket laced with Parvo.
I'm the first one in my family to go into space, no pressure.
I'm so hip old ladies are trying to replace me
I don't have time for this metronome!
Thought we had the mummy situation under wraps.
I can't stand being in a wheelchair.
"All track and field throwing events are rubbish" Discus
I tried telling my wife about my car troubles, but she was getting sick of my Saab stories
Oral sex can make your whole day, but anal sex makes your hole weak.
I heard there was a meeting for men with erectile disfunction, unfortunately I couldn't come on time.
There are 10 binary digits.
I went to the barbers and asked for a short cut. He said, I suggest taking the M1
i'm sorry but i'm not going to apologize for being unrepentant.
Humourlessness is no laughing matter.
Putting 24 inch rims on an old police car is like putting lipstick on a pig.
Single ply toilet paper is so bad I won't even wipe my ass with it.
They say 1 in 6 guys is gay, so when I look within my group of friends... I hope it's Josh, he's the cute one.
Dildos are for pussies.
I don't believe in superstition, it just brings bad luck.
Watching the movie Dying Young gets old after a while
In their college days, the black hand were known as the high five.
The only way to turn a duck into a blues singer is to leave it in the sun until its bill withers.
The Bible says women are made out of ribs...
If your parents didn't have children, chances are you won't either.
My Indian friend's name is so funny - Param Singh!
It isn't raining cats and dogs, but it is raining where I live--my house exploded, you see.
I once honked at a police officer to see if it was legal. It's not
"At what age do you tell a highway it was adopted?"
My ability to replace regular words in a sentence with religious ones is second to nun.
Today someone told me they were a recovering alcoholic. I said 'yeah, I'm hungover too.'
Today someone told me they were a recovering alcoholic. I said 'yeah, I'm hangover, too.'
Yesterday I went to a lecture about the Fundamental Attribution Error, but since I was poorly rested and the instructor was an asshole, I didn't get much out of it.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kickboxing.
Whenever I tell a joke, I always say the wrong punchline.
Whenever I tell a joke, I always end up using the wrong punch line.
Did you hear about the fat guy who used to be embarrassed about his belly?
This cute chick told me my eyes matched my swim trunks and I said "oh, are my eyes bulging right now?"
High school grades are a lot like bra sizes; her parents are happy with A's and B's but really start to worry once she starts getting C's or D's.
I tried to become a librarian but they said I didn't check out.
Is that a bird in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
As a 5'9 guy, I really look up to NBA players.
The trouble with unemployment is that the minute you wake up in the morning you're on the job.
Classical music meets Rap = Hip Harp
Man struck dead by lightning remains positive.
I went for a walk last night and my girlfriend asked me how long I was going to be gone. I said, "The whole time."
I've got a dick full of helium. I'll fuck you up.
How do you know what Epistemology is...?
After a heated discussion with my boss, I quit my job at the helium factory this morning
The headless horseman tried to start a farm but couldn't grow any cabbage.
Pizza is like sex. When it's good, it's REALLY good. When it's bad......it's still pretty good.
I was trying to think of some deep to say and the best I could come up with was canyon.
I read in the paper that they might have discovered the world's biggest vagina. It said a team of gynaecologists were looking into it.
I'm actually very insecure, but I just don't let it bother me.
In a surprising upset, England took gold in the women's skeleton, edging out the USA favorite from Biggest Loser, Rachel Frederickson.
Pet shop special, budgies going cheap.
I've decided to write a book about a transexual with a speech impediment. I'm calling it: Man or Myth?
I'm getting tired of hearing Olympic athletes talking about their "hard work" and "sacrifices", it's as if they want a medal or something.
Swimming is good for you especially if you are drowning
I met a guy who claimed to be writing a mathematical novel, but his story didn't add up.
I asked my proctologist for a second opinion.... so he stuck up two fingers.
Mellifluous: I have no idea what it means, it just sounds so nice.
Know what makes for an awkward silence? This joke.
Blond talk show host changes spelling of name after giving away cars to her audience; Goes by Ellen De Generous now.
I'm a social smoker with lots of imaginary friends.
when you try to tell someone a joke but you punch up the fuckline.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.
I've been terrified of airplanes ever since my grandpa died in a plane crash, they should've never let a 97 year old get his pilots license.
The Chinese Year of the Whores sounds fun  but I'm not looking forward to the year of the sheep in 2015.
I keep hearing a lot about the Year of the Whores... just wondering where you have to sign up.
Just finished reading Oedipus Rex, that dudes a real motherfucker.
Bad spellers of the world, UNTIE!
Let's just say that if my penis was a shotgun, she'd be Ernest Hemingway.
I've always been insecure, but lately I just don't care.
Want to hear a really funny joke about pizza?
The hardest class at my school is sex ed.
amishdirectfurniture.com
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger do after he retired? He became an ex-terminator!
I'm a terrific musician and while I hate to toot my own horn, I'd probably be good at that too.
Dwarf Shortage.
Welcome to my crib. Sorry its a little small, ive had it since I was a baby.
The doctor said that the absence of sleep in my diet wasn't a problem, but did seem concerned that I kept coming in to ask about it.
I think bigfoot is blurry, that's the problem.
Santa is the only guy in the world who can come early and not get in trouble.
"Do you want an ultimatum or not?"
I once knew this cripple guy...
Pickup one-liner
What do computers do when they are tired?
I have become the cruel king of weather. Let my rain of terror begin!
This waitress was being really flirty with me the other day, but I didn't ask her out because I wasn't sure if she was after my dick or just the tip.
Past, present, and future all walk into a roomIt was tense
Doing the dishes gets me really wet. 
My friend is addicted to brake fluid, but he says he can stop any time he wants.
I used to be into nostalgia, but I'm not anymore. It was great through. I love thinking about it sometimes.
"I'm gonna pitch slap you so hard that your man boobs are going to concave." - Pitch Perfect
No matter how bad your day seems...
What's the difference between ignorance and indifference? 
The moon, it's the best sun-block
What's the difference between a redhead and a brick? A brick actually gets laid.
A 12" penis. A great way to not get closer to someone.
A dyslexic man walks into a bra
I need your help: "I'm so sick..." 
Ayn Rand's so nutty, books published by the same company come with a warning about peanut allergies.
A conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel soo good. 
Shwapno Duar IT Ltd.
Other than that Mrs. Lincoln, how was the play?
Some of Rodney Dangerfield's best
What do you call a fish with out eyes? Fsh!
What kind of pants does a ghost wear? Paranormal pants
What does the man on the moon do when he needs a haircut? Eclipse it
What type of nut does a slut like?
Goldilocks and the 3 bear rugs..By Tommy Bradnam
Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
You Get Nothing
An Irish man left the bar.
Drunken words are sober thoughts
Two fish are in a tank, one says to the other "Can you drive this thing?"
The teenage sex problem is mounting.
You know what makes me smile? Face muscles
Life is just something everyone wants to get philosophical about.
Apparently santa is afraid of small spaces. Claustrophobic.
Tell you what makes me sick, Viruses.
I asked my mate whats his ringtone
I had sex with a girl in an apple orchard, I came in cider.
I have a very specific type which makes it hard to find a date.
Sweetie that cold shoulder is giving me hypothermia.
I do whatever I can to fight poverty, why only yesterday I punched a hobo.
Don't delay, do it tomorrow.
So a baby seal walked into a club...
I'm against the rage virus pandemic, but I support the zombies.
I don't think the light side of the moon gets enough credit.
I had an ant farm once, 
Them fellas did't grow shit!
With all the lizards that come over I should live in a terrarium.
I gave away all of my dead batteries - free of charge.
The only thing required for good to succeed is for bad men to do nothing. Hence porn.
"It's impossible." said pride. "It's risky." said experience. "It's pointless." said reason. "Give it a try." whispered the heart.
There are only three things that are infinite
Have you heard the one about the Jonestown Massacre? I'd tell it but the punch line's too long.
I got banned from Club Penguin, apparently saying "Make me a sandwich you penguin slut!" isn't socially acceptable.
print($_-&gt;($_))for(sub{return(grep(!m$(?:[b-gik-oq-ty]+)$,split(m;;,qw-jyatopnh-)));});

How about you?
Abstraction is drawing strength from a pool of events without becoming biased by the outcomes of arbitrary incidents.
Wanna hear a good joke?
I don't see what the big deal is with multitouch technology. The Catholic church has had it for decades. Zing!
I like to take a toothpick and throw it into the forest and say "you're home!" - Mitch Hedberg
I had a perfectly wonderful evening, but this wasn't it. - Groucho Marx
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. Yes is the answer.
If sex is a pain in the ass, then youre doing it wrong
